'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'nice my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
',my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'what Julia answered I didn't even know that some one can make $8088 in a few weeks on the internet. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mackcash1.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mackcash1.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mackcash1.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'GO TO THE FOLLOWING LINK FOR A PHOTOS OF THE TWO BANDITS!\r\n\r\nhttp://www.google.co  ​ m/search?num=10&hl=e  ​ n&site=imghp&tbm=isc  ​ h&source=hp&biw=1366  ​ &bih=644&q=CHIP+AND+  ​ DALE&oq=CHIP+AND+DAL  ​ E&gs_l=img.3..0l10.2  ​ 670.4039.0.4192.13.1  ​ 2.0.1.1.1.177.1448.2  ​ j10.12.0...0.0...1ac  ​ .1.03psc46__A0',0
'There is another one of the shark, is that fake too?  And is it photoshop!?\r\n\r\nhttp://tinyurl.com/8  ​ fnuggy',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  sun47.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  sun47.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account Mix25.com',0
'my best friend's half-sister makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account Mix25.com',0
'my buddy's mom makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account SUN47.com',0
'check "Home Profit system" to set up your account on  , my classmate's mother-in-law earned $17903 a month ago',0
'my buddy's mom makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account SUN47.com',0
'check "Home Profit system" to set up your account on  , my classmate's mother-in-law earned $17903 a month ago',0
'I met my husband at Age_less_date_c_o_m.  ​  He is almost 10 years older than I.  Well, no gap is too wide if you both feel so right.',0
'my buddy's mom makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account SUN47.com',0
'my classmate's mother-in-law  makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Makecash1.com',0
'my classmate's mother-in-law  makes $105/hour on the laptop. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Makecash1.com',0
'Sorry for his family. RIP.',1
'If you are really Original Rude Boys and are against violence involving women, then it is about time you face the storm and stop running away from the real deal. Now is your chance to stand to Chris Brown and others out there , and make your statement, you are not supporting his action , but every man deserves a fair chance of learning in life. Do you know what your other band mates do? hmmmmm....',1
'Our family had just moved from Nebraska to Washington, DC.  We didn't know about hurricanes and we found out!!',1
'are you kidding thats free halloween decorations',1
'You know busting makes me feel good.      \r\n \r\n \r\n \r\n \r\nBest movie ever',1
'It is not but who you want to get married to.  You can screw who or what you want',1
'HAHAHA! Good thing no one brought a trident!',1
'He can have mine - if he can find them.  I am an American but he will NEVER find them  hehehehehe',1
'If you Repugs are going to stop buying music, watching movies or seeing Broadway shows because of all the stars supporting Obama, then you will find that you have VERY little entertainment in your lives....',1
'Yes!  The children's safety comes first and after Cedar Rapids 2008 500 year flood receded, no one but authorized personnel needed to go there.   The alternative might be to locate a large available hall where people could decorate it and the kids could go, but not tonight.  Children need to have some fun in their lives no matter what.',1
'at this time 7 thumbs down for this post, how could anyone in their right mind do that',1
'Save us, Mother Mary, from demon Obama',1
'tell me about embracing a culture that has no (as in zero) contributions. NO as in none. Universities, government participation, industry (the last thing i saw was Indian Salve) WT? show me any kind of industry. I challenge the young to acquire an attitude, singers,musicians,ac  ​ tors, models, a clothing co. anything. leave the council of elders and let us hear from U. where is native american on facebook, twitter or any social networking site. don't let the old and negative hold U back reach out with who U are today. I and others await Ur arrival. slayerwulfe cave',1
'ANY kid in ANY high school can get marijuana from the plentiful black market.  Getting alcohol in high school is FAR more difficult, because it is legal, and regulated.  Not everybody knows someone with a 3-6 year older sibling that is willing to buy alcohol for the younger sibling.',1
'GLEE FEATURES ****, DYKES, NIGS, SPIX. NERDS, LOSERS AND DWEENS... \r\nSOUNDS LIKE OBAMA'S CORE POLITICAL BASE..',1
'Beat me to it...',1
'Nope, Sandy won't ruinb the economy.  Bill Clinton, Barney Frank and Chris Dodd, Countrywide, Golman Sachs, Lehman Bros.,  Geithner, et. al,  did that.',1
'First start with the parents.',1
'Maybe you should of prayed for no damage when the storm was coming instead of "confort" after the fact....while your at it pray for a spelling lesson.',1
'Terrific!  The choice for president places individual freedom and recovery of our Constitution against a godless government dominating our lives, lost world leadership, and lower living standards for all. Never before have the stakes been higher for our families and for the world. Our precious freedoms must not be taken away by this Marxist-Socialist Administration that we have today.',1
'EPIC FAIL.... \r\n  \r\nAnd by 2016 they will be so far behind the curve of new minority voters they will cease to exist and will be retired to history just like the WHIG PARTY... \r\nRIP GOP',1
'Of course Axelrod because Obama has the countrys best interest at heart, we've made so much progress how sad it would be to reverse it and end up back where we were 4 years ago.  I personally don't trust anyone to be President of the US  who would refuse to show the American people his tax records',1
'My goodness. Water AND Fire together? Glad to hear no one was hurt.\r\nShocking.',1
'Let's see...\r\nSandy will cost approximately 20-30 Billion. \r\n\r\nObama has cost us 6 trillion...\r\n\r\nSandy was a mere drop in an endless ocean...',1
'I think he's right. Obama has demonstrated anything but Christian values so anyone who considers themselves a Christian has no busy voting for Obama. Period. He's a self professed Muslim and Muslims feel that all Christians are Infidels so do the math. It's about time some of the Christian leaders in this country start verbalizing what many have felt for some time.',1
'You ought to see how Southern Utah, particularly St George, suckles at that FEMA cash cow!  They are the first to complain about wasteful govt spending but the first in line begging for handouts.  And UTAH is very much Republican.',1
'Myself. Way to go Katie, show the bullies you can take them out. Thanks to the 501st Legion for your support and help.',1
'she needs to stay away from him.  I'll never understand what Whitney saw in him.',1
'The people who want to vote will find a way. Others will use it as an excuse then cry foul when their guy looses.',1
'I think I'm too f***** up to say. \r\nDoes that make me a genius?',1
'How can you have a "watered down Whisket Neat"? Once watered, it's no longer neat.',1
'The begininng of the end was in 1989 when the banks now called TBTF began their rape of the real estate market.  Then, the dot-com bubble, cause dby the Clinton SEC new accounting rules, then the Clinton recession, inherited by George W., then the Freddie and Fannie fraud, with BO and Dodd and Barney leading their defense of their worngdoing.',1
'Caribbean island at a topless beach.        \r\n                                                                         OO',1
'No he's saying to not vote for a Muslim president, a self proclaimed Muslim at that. How many times has Obama quoted "the holy Koran"? I've never seen him quote the Bible.',1
'Frosty\r\nYou are right but there are those who would consider those government handouts.  Private enterprise will not do it because there is no profit in it.  So the common person is caught in the middle.',1
'Absorbes the skid marks with in seconds',1
'Presently, no, I would not prank a cop. Not having a death, or jail, wish and all. Besides, they are just doing their jobs. I see them as someone's father, mother, son, or daugher, so I treat them as such with all due respect. Perhaps that's why I've never gotten mistreated by them...',1
'We do not see others as they are, we can only others as WE ARE!',1
'I'm not an old fart Laser!  I bet I'm younger than you!',1
'I like this show and the first season had its ups and downs solely on the fact that Whitney had a sickness in her family so they scratched the idea to make it about her and feature more story lines about her 'friends' so Whitney can travel back and forth . This season is supposed to be less about her friends (since they fired at least three actors) and more about her and her boyfriend. So let's see first before judging.',1
'what a dum a**..  could also be "carpet crunching disease"',1
'Not much. His life is his, let him live it his way,',1
'My thoughts exactly, maybe all these people should of prayed for the storm to miss everyone when we knew it was coming instead of praying for comfort after the fact...dummies.',1
'I already have. I sent my senator an email informing him that Grover Norquist didn't elect him we did and that those who did elect him expected him to put the countries needs ahead of pledges to lobbyists.',1
'That dad has his hands full.  It's only the beginning!',1
'FYI This is not a resort beachfront area.  This is a working class neighborhood with families who date back 50-75 years in the area.  They are mostly cops and fireman.  This neighborhood is not trendy yet.',1
'Lol. Whatever it is, I can take it. I think he meant his effort.',1
'It is just another violation of the Constitution and Bill of Rights.  The so called Judges are either politically Appointed or elected with practically no one checking the back ground or political beliefs.\r\nOn top of that our great? schools  do not bother to teach what the Bill of Rights are or the Constitution for that matter,\r\nThinking of it can not blame the Judge that much, He just does not know better',1
'Well, I can honestly say I witnessed something very low today. I was at a local nursing home visiting a family friend and the local get out the vote people were there. They actually had the people from the Dementia ward come to the cafeteria for their turn. I was disturbed and so was a woman whos' mother had dementia and was her power of attorney. She told the vote robber in the cafeteria she did not think her mother was able to vote mentally. She asked her mother who the President of the USA was and she could not answer. The vote vampire told the daughter to leave the cafeteria or she would have her removed. The whole episode was completely appalling. Is this how absentee ballots are handled across the country for incompetent people?',1
'Here we go again, anything for money.  Here's the solution buddy, stick it the intake system. Next rev and hold the throttle @7,000 rpm.  One of two things will happen; it will clean your pipes out or the engine will blow up and for ever end your stupidest.',1
'Wow! I bet he lives in his basement with the Nazi flag hanging on the wall, typing this bs while listening to One Direction music in the back smh. Wake up!',1
'Hey all you god lovers, why didn't you pray for the storm to miss them when you heard it was coming instead of praying for comfort after the fact?',1
'what page was SANDY on in his BINDERS full of Women???!!!',1
'Since I have been a victim of domestic violence (my first husband) I think I'm in a position to offer some insight on Chris Brown and what happened.  Yes, he did batter Rihanna, but that doesn't mean he should be punished for the rest of his life.  I got over what my husband did to me and in time we were able to be friendly when we were around each other. ( We share a daughter.)  I think Chris has been punished enough  and everyone should just DROP IT!!  If he does it again, that's a different story but for now, stop!!',1
'YES PRAYERS WILL HELP',1
'I hope his toupee' got blown away.',1
'No, but they seem mad and want to put everyone in jail. Just like a cop.',1
'Amen Betty. These yo-yos make POOR CHOICES and then think we should sympathize with them. Celebrity status does not make them better than anyone else. You guys get paid mega bucks for acting in a movie or singing a song. Try working 3 jobs just to make ends meet and sacrificing your retirement so your kids can go to college.\r\n \r\nCrybabies.',1
'Ellen degenerate has no room to spoof anyone, afterall she is a sexual pervert and you can't get much lower than that.',1
'**** THEM NIGGAS.......HE DONT NEED THEM',1
'hey big pic guy\r\ngreece followed a program similar to what the repugs are suggesting...\r\ngo figure, brainiac',1
'Very typical, colored people are usually better boxers so the arrogance is to be expected. This is why the great white hope will once again rule this sport. Most of the time brains wins over breeding',1
'Very well said and so sadly true!  Thank you for sharing as i for one agree and i do pray that we are not saddled with another four years of Obama.  He is a wolf in sheeps clothing and will definitely turn the US into a Socialist country with a Dictator.  His plan always was to bring America down.  We have gone to the aid of all of these countries that now want to kill us and our Vets have given their lives to free the people of so many countries under the control of evil dictators and now Obama wants to turn us in to one of those countries!  WAKE UP AMERICA....DO NOT VOTE FOR OBAMA!!!!!',1
'ya talk like an old fart, x-moxie',1
'God Democrats are dumb...It was 1.87 when he left office unless you live in a bastion of ignorance like Hollywood.',1
'Not surprised at all.  We are fast becoming a "Police State" under obama.  When you have a president who bypasses the US Congress and US constitution and stomps on the Bill of Rights, what can you expect?  Our Freedoms are in danger and if we lose them in the name of "security", we will become slaves to the Government.\r\n \r\nobummer MUST GO!!',1
'but I respect your right to...',1
'YOU SAID YOU WOULD STAND ON YOUR FEET UNTIL YOU DIED....... \r\n THAT SOUNDS FINE TO ME.....KINDA LIKE SELF DEPORTATION........D  ​ EPORT, DEPORT !!',1
'No we would be spending money better by saving our own planet. How about a rover on earth to find contaminated soil so we can plant our fruits and vegetables in clean nutrient rich soil. We eat things that come from soil that has garbage mixed in it and they send billions of dollars up in space. The curiosity rover is a tremendous accomplishment but not essential to our lives.',1
'Globel warming is BOT junk science',1
'Another thing that would be better off legal and regulated.  Less human traffic (kinda hard when regulated), protection for the women operating in a more secure environment, protection for the men visiting a regulated establishment, fewer STDs, no pimps, etc, etc, etc. \r\n  \r\nDo we seriously think we can end the world's oldest profession?  World's oldest profession.  Think about it.',1
'obuma is the cause.  As president, he is doing NOTHING to stop it.',1
'The maid of honor... Were there two, or was that just one really big girl?',1
'hey Real McCoy if your flat broke maybe you should get off your duff get out there and sell yourself i am sure some guy might want to have you, if your lucky  might even be another republican as there are lots of them around',1
'In 2016',1
'Obama should do it, it is for a great cause. He cares for the poor plus he would get to stick it to a rich guy',1
'Why a load of bull crap , the whole load equals as many lies as he can tell.',1
'Holy molly... are people really stupid enuf to buy into dat stuff ???',1
'I usually support PETA in their quest for animals.  An animal (dog) will give his life for you without hesitation.  Will your so called "freinds?"  But, this is a little out of the ordinary.  I would think a sign would be warranted only after a sign was erected for every person who has lost their life on the roadways.  Accidents happen. I wish they could be prevented but as of now, they haven't.  I wish PETA would do topless protests asking everyone to VOTE AGAINST EVERY INCUMBENT IN AMERICA. Congress will tell lies for 256,000 (salary and benefits) yearly. Put them in the unemployment lines!!!',1
'Kind of shocked that there are still fires burning.',1
'I've been a conservative my entire life. I'm also a thinking person who can smell BS from all sides. Huckabee should be ashamed of supporting Fox news, if indeed he is a Christian, with all the utter hatred and lies that come from there everyday. I have found that if you view all news, and not just U.S. news,  you have a much better outlook. And you'll be much closer to the truth. Christians don't have a horse in this race they can be excited about, but please...don't let that stop you from voting.',1
'could you imagine being married to that',1
'His whole load of SH-T.',1
'Personal beliefs aside, I stand by what the Holy Bible says on the issues about abortion and same sex relationships.  Life begins at conception and killing an unborn child is murder, God said send the murders to Me I will deal with them.  The unnatural use of one's body is condemned by God whether it be man with man or woman with woman.  I will not support a candidate who is for funding abortion and okays same sex marriage. A vote for Romney is a vote for Godly principles, what can one say on judgment day who supported these ungodly acts?',1
'What? Hasn't Obama been using religion as a political weapon in order \r\nto divide the american people to get more votes?',1
'FEMA is much more efficient now than when Brownie did a heck of a job',1
'Please cancel Teen Mom, Honey Boo Boo, Jersey Shore and all similiar nonsense.',1
'Axelrod is a scumbag. Watching the spin from this clown is enough to make rational beings lose their mind. He would sell his own family members if he thought it would benefit the President, what a Liar. The Chicago Style of Political Theater.',1
'My balls itch',1
'that's deep.',1
'Let's have Obummer's Solyndra provides solar power to New York and New Jersey States... \r\n  \r\nOh! I forgot...they are broke...wonder why is that? \r\nOur Obummer Majesty didn't give them enough money I guess....wonder where the money went....maybe to...acorns....moveo  ​ ns....panthers gang...and what did the Benghazi families of dead people got????',1
'If you are a woman and you want to play in the boys club with a big job, a big salary, and great benefits, then you better do as the boys in the club do and hire a nanny or marry one.',1
'laurel is smart enough to know she will never succeed in life at a level where socialism will ever take more from her than it gives...that is the expectations, capabilities and hope for success the current generation has in itself....that is what Democrats prey on.',1
'Sadly NO!!!!! Climate change is no "hoax" and we are LIVING it!!!!!!',1
'If you have to ask the question you really would not understand the answer.',1
'Emotions gettin in the way, what is wrong with this picture? That is not much to give up for $5m, C'mon President Obama, show him some papers and give the much needed money to the Sandy relief! It ain't rocket science, UNLESS you have somethin to hide?',1
'You are right in one aspect.. many say they are 'christians' and their so called 'loving actions' prove otherwise.. thanks for explaining Huckabee to me.',1
'NO! This is not so bad.  America is insured.  Earthquakes, disasters and munitions cause devastation across the globe that is much worse.  Maybe we should rethink the greed in our economic formula and our criticism of global warming scientists.  At least there was no loss of life.  The rest of the disaster can recovered from.  Time to be an American and do a house raising or two for your neighbors.',1
'My attention span is at 20 seconds at most. Thank you.',1
'Oh give me break!  Adversity?  It is easy to deal with adversity when you have plenty of money. Britney seems like a nice person but Downey Jr. and Baldwin have turned into complete **** hats. With the devastation that Sandy caused to millions of ordinary people, MSN ran a story about how Alec Baldwn's wife had to move her red carpet dresses because her closet had a leak in it.  Oh my God!!!!  Shock Horror!!!  hey also wrote I quote "she BRAVELY stepped out onto the balcony."  Alec was pretentiously watching a movie that was about a blackout.  Oh Alec, you are so clever and perceptive, then the idiot got back to his tweeting.  I thought he was over with that.  So STFU about celebrities, they wouldn't know adversity if it kicked them in their stupid asses.',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'Justmemaggie2468, am i to understand that you live in New York City? I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK?',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'It is kind of creepy how RolyPoly end up on the same chain as us.',1
'Everybody's friend "This is way to funny" says...Will the real Crimson King please stand up!" How did he know it was a phony account? Only two people could know, the guy who created the Crimson King and the guy who created the phony one. Crimson king= This is way too funny= the cast of thousands!',1
'.....I CREATED A FAKE CRIMSON ACCOUNT AND THERE ARE ONLY TWO PEOPLE KNOW IT IS FAKE, THE CRIMSON KING AND ME!   ~~~~~WHY OR HOW COULD "THIS IS WAY TOO FUNNY" KNOW! only the crimson king and I knew this account was a phony, how could you know???? YOU PHUCKED UP BUDDY! I have taken a screen shot and will share this.',1
'Hey Popa G, how are you my friend? I want you to know that your friend the Crimson King and "This is way to funny", the fake RT, the fake Popa g and  thugs rule are all in the same. You have been getting hit hard by the same dude. Obviously this is not the Crimson King, nor am I your red daddy. You are an azzhole but you have the right to know who has been hitting you so hard.',1
'She has 14 friggin kids and she's trying to make **** movies?  What?',1
'purchase a used car earlier this yr with 4 yrs loan at rate 1.99% and I only have 7 months left to pay it all off....I don't get the concept on why people would rather stretch out the loan over 5 yrs so they can say I can use that extra money somewhere else.  To me, I just want to pay it off asap NO mATTER what, i hate owing money or have that feeling of in DEBT!',1
'Right Wing Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Party Wacko Republican\r\n \r\n I like that :) \r\n RWCECTT PWR',1
'I dont think any gays, Romney, or Obama will show up.',1
'What I said is that you interpreted his words the way you wanted to.. I can say \r\n'all you bible thumpers' and that doesn't make me unchristian... because I am.',1
'Hey Tog of words \r\nI see that everyone agrees with you. \r\nCongrats',1
'BigDaddy52501, \r\n Explain the difference between someone with Dementia  not knowing who to vote for VS any Far Right Wing Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Party Wacko Republican.... \r\n I don't see any difference in competence.........T  ​ he person with Dementia at least has a 50/50 chance of voting for a Candidate that's in their best interest....unlike the Far Right Wing Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Party Wacko Republican....who continually votes against their own best interest.....getting  ​  it wrong 100% of the time..',1
'Well at least the pres didn't just fly over the city like **** bush did with New Orleans',1
'I hate cops; good for him.',1
'Lots of women LOVE rape. This is why they work hustling johns on street corners in every city in the world. They LOVE rape. Easy as spit.',1
'I love her costume, I think I would look awesome in it!',1
'You forgot to mention yourself',1
'Axeirod uses his mustache to wipe obama's Muslim A&&.',1
'3 dudes that are sure to be apoplectic come next Wednesday. If  it was as you say, the race would not even be close. Further evidence of your delusion about the GOP's demise is that contrary to your prediction, even the libertarian party soldiers on in obscurity.',1
'Unfortunatly alot of people still believe Global warming is Junk Science',1
'At work I remember saying oh Sandy is a nice soft name Yeah Right!',1
'someone didn't turn off the gas main-so whose fault was that ?during hurricanes first thing ya do is turn off the gas and electricity',1
'believe me if I get a chance to go to Holland i will be firing up BIG fattie and enjoying with a cup of decent coffee! or maybe chocolate.',1
'I hear you BertoLa,\r\nI live in FL and have lived through Ivan, and Denis. I drove in front of   ivan with Ivan on my tail and drove up all the way up to GA. \r\nWhen we got back, I thought we had been bombed. I sent my prayers to all the people that are in crisis.\r\nrainingmoon',1
'ooooooooooh son. watch your mama eat your sisters ssahole.',1
'If anything, the executive mix-up shows that Apple is actively working to stay on their toes rather than sit and stagnate.  Companies that do that succeed...companies that don't end up like RIM.',1
'Maybe the flasher was just a little early for the part when the pastor asks if anyone has any reason the bride and groom should not be married.  Maybe her teeth marks were on his junk?  Maybe.',1
'Fema will come thru Much better managment this time around',1
'A chick I knew in a white dress. She had more miles on her clock than a '74 Buick.',1
'All of these hypocrites like Bush, Romney, and the rest of the dead heads not DEADHEAD FANS are opposing this on the basis of pleasing and placating guys like televangelis formerly like Ted Haggard who smoked the flesh pipe of young men and boys when he wasn't presenting himself as the All American Boy~  America is so full of crap a good toke might loosen up its bowels and let all of the backlogged merde out its big exhaust hole and free up some forward thinkers instead of holding us back with arsebackwards stinkers!',1
'I thought the man on stage was a corpse someone had animated with clever springs and rosemary stuffings. Vegas has had Patience every day for over one hundred years and the little girl has made a LOT of money turning tricks for the old men that keep the sewers running and the crap tables spinning.',1
'That looks about the day one. All blur and no form. How about bombing it with some hydrogen and oxygen bombs to make some water so we can grow trees on the third day? lol\r\n \r\nFull disclaimer: Yes, I heard it here.',1
'every time obama and biteme and wasserman and left wing democrat liberals\r\nand the lying liberal media open their mouths it's full of ****! \r\nthey talk about everything but the failed polices and the scandals!',1
'For your information... those are NOT boobs. They are low hanging dimples. Its the effects of too much Botox in the hands of juiced technician.',1
'man your dumb!\r\nobama let 4 americans die in libya and lied about it!',1
'I voted thumbsdown to your post and I want it legalized. See if you can figure out why (I gave you a thumbsdown).',1
'Truly sad.',1
'To 'stache or not to 'stache... that's always the question, isn't it? lol',1
'This is what happens when women are given equal rights and it has nothing to do with evolving. Women have always been the champs when it comes to killing kids especially there own.',1
'stric, They are supposed to cooperate and compromise. Too bad they have to be in front of a camera for action to happen. Better to be glad they met than to cast doubt on their intentions.',1
'Like heterosexuals don't fornicate? you twit',1
'Mustache or not, Axlerod has a forked tongue and no credibility.',1
'Say all you want about the 'Donald', but I love the fact that someone is not letting all the **** go about BHO. The fact that all the minorities in this country went stupid because they saw a 1/2 breed on the board and voted for him. He as a public servant should answer any & all questions and concerns any American has.',1
'yeh they kind of remind me of you now be a good little ghost and disapear',1
'****!!',1
'Greg Teta, I commented in general on the Townshend review at the end of the Odds and Ends thread (and posted a thumbs up for Carole King's demo version of "Another Pleasant Valley Sunday" and quoted Deer Tick). By then the thread had been overtaken by a surprise Saturday entry re Saint Etienne, and I didn't realize that everyone had stopped posting on the old thread and started on a new one. I guess I assumed you were all out buying batteries. \r\n I too was at the Wussy show in DC last night, and agree with Marty L.'s review. A couple things re the guitars - it wasn't a good mix and the amp was losing it, but I think they wanted the guitars wailing out in front anyway. For one they had a first time bass player out there, and might have felt they had to compensate by bringing the guitars out even more. Another possibilty: as Lisa said from the stage, it's risky enough to travel in a van on a normal day, but coming through the storm they were just glad to be alive. That seems reason enough to turn up the volume and let the feedback go where it may.',1
'Oh I'm scared now, you probably check under your bed everynight for the boggie man too.  If god exist I challenge him to a fight right now, I'll kick his fat ****.',1
'This man seriously needs to concentrate on being a dad and a grandfather. What will the kids in the future think of him. I have never in my entire life seen anyone stoop so low. Look at your skeletons, cheating on your ex wives. You need to step down and play a family figure for your children and stop bragging about your $$$$$$.',1
'beautiful!!!!',1
'Bigdaddy said,,,If you have to ask the question you really would not understand the answer. \r\n Bigdaddy,\r\n \r\n My mother was in a nursing home for 3 years.....I know all about Nursing homes.and the patients in them......She did not have dementia.....but had serious health issues that drove her to bankruptcy, lost her business and home and had to go on Medicaid and to a nursing home...requiring 24 hr care........If Romney and the GOP had their way, many of those people you see in the nursing home would have no place to go......be put on the streets to DIE......You do understand that don't you.....The Ryan budget cuts funding for Medicaid drastically.....Ever  ​ ​y person in a nursing home under Medicaid needs to vote for President Obama...',1
'come on obama it's an easy 5 million to charity .',1
'Man up! I love their standing for what they believe!  3 cheers and Salutations!',1
'First, there is nothing new age about it. \r\nSecond, you can't grow a bunch of apples in your basement as easily. \r\nThird, you obviously have no idea of the plethora of other uses the remaining parts of this plant would provide.  Uses like... quality bio fuel. \r\nForth, with the jobs that could be created, there would be less hungry people. \r\nSince all of your bases are covered here, let's just start with that for now, shall we?',1
'My mother was in a nursing home for 3 years.....I know all about Nursing homes.and the patients in them......She did not have dementia.....but had serious health issues that drove her to bankruptcy......and Medicaid.....If Romney and the GOP had their way, many of those people you see in the nursing home would have no place to go......You do understand that don't you.....The Ryan budget cuts funding for Medicaid drastically.....Ever  ​ y person in a nursing home under Medicaid needs to vote for President Obama...',1
'OMG! people need to get over it. If Rihanna can forgive him everyone else can sure as hell move on! It doesnt mean you condone his behavior if you associate in any way with him or if you like his music. good grief',1
'He looks like a drunk.  Looks like he hasn't sobered up yet.  He seems to be probably an embarrassmennt to his wife and children.  My fellow Americans, we have greater things to be concerned about than a high school ballgame.  We are only a week from an important election.  The incumbents obviously are for themselves, not for us.  We have a chance to show them who is boss.  If we don't they have no reason to change.  We're studk for four more years when we will once again hear the 'jobs and education" rhetoric we've heard for 20 years.  Lets VOTE CONGRESS OUT NOW!  Lets also send the local leaders home too.  Put them in the unemployment lines.',1
'What they should do is refuse to rescue anyone that was  advised to leave',1
'Joe.. I know that's you as the BLUE DEVIL... and he's back.. \r\nGo back to your Westboro Baptist Church JOE>>>',1
'I gave both of my boys American Express cards when they went to college.  Neither boy abused the cards and both learned that the account had to be paid.  I liked the AmEx card because the card requires payment each month. They learned that what is charged must be paid for.  My youngest, accounting/finance/e  ​ conomics major resented the idea of paying interest and used his cash instead of the card. \r\n  \r\nSo I think that giving them cards while in college was a good experience and it also gave them a source of emergency resources if they were needed.',1
'nice weather to drink some coffee with hehe',1
'omg! you must be drunk!',1
'Nice catch! Appropriate too depending on how you see my comment.',1
'oooooooh son, your  daddy was looking for you. his kok was hard just how you like it.',1
'booshey.. but I'll bet you'll say that about all Demorats though, won't you?  There are plenty of morons to go around in both parties.  And if republicans don't feel that way, why do their actions prove otherwise?',1
'Fox News spin Dr., 1st class A-hole.... list your VALID sources',1
'dont be jealous my republican friends  there is no one better at giving the full load more than romney it is his greatest quality. He has  been loading for so many years i am not sure even heknows what the real truth is.',1
'If you haven't had the opportunity to watch this guy answer questions you are really missing something. I have NEVER seen ANYONE so adept at lying as this guy. Asked a question and within a matter of microseconds he lies like he is telling the truth. Simply amazing.',1
'Where are election officials when you need them?',1
'Sandy, Sandy, ...Sandy... you are now beginning to freak me out on this day. Please stop. lol',1
'"My name is Inigo Montoya, you killed my father. Prepare to die."\r\n... and best pumpkin smashing... has to do with each other, I don't get it. Perhaps I try an apple a day.',1
'The college records that Trump wants the world to see won't be found under the name Barack Obama, they are under Barry Soetoro, an Indonesian foreign aid student. All major corps require college transcripts of prospective employees, why not the office of presidency? Obama could clear this up immediately and give $5,000,000 to the Sandy victims. He won't or would be exposed.',1
'If you open a window and SNIFF NW you just MIGHT notice Vegas has been burning for decades now and has turned quite a lot of money from roasting tourists as incense to the gambling demons from hell.',1
'Mr. Trump, \r\nObama is not going to reveal his school records, or his  funding source for college!   Why not offer an award to Obama classmates for information leading to Obama records and funding for college?    Keep the heat on Obama, I voted for him in 2008, a decision which I have come to regret.',1
'There wasn't a lot of rain during the storm in NYC. We had a lot of wind and a lot of storm surge, but as far as rain goes it was just the average amount.',1
'Warthog, you need to check your facts they are very wrong, Obama has increased our deficit by over 6 trillion.  Please do some research before voting for obummer, look into his background and his total lack of expericenc.',1
'fiestyredhead, you know you should get your facts together before you star spewing hate, also it would help if you work on learning how to spell',1
'IDK....But his double entendres are starting to get out of hand....',1
'what Julia answered I didn't even know that some one can make $8088 in a few weeks on the internet. check "Home Profit system" to set up your account  Mix25.com',0
'Where are all the troll republican comments?\r\n \r\nOh right.... this puts Romney in a bad light they would like to ignore so they can scream about middle eastern countries 6000 miles away.',1
'List a valid source your spin-artist, Fox News watching A-hole',1
'The day this country shuts God out of its decisions, is the day this country will fall.  I agree with Mike Huckabee.  We have to stand up for whats right in Gods eyes and what he wants, not just what we want,  God is in charge, not man, government or anyone else.',1
'Only the ones I knew real well and were good friends.',1
'Too many characters mikey, you screwed up. Yep maggie, you friend who you call sir over and over is your friend Dave, Crimson king, Mikey, Thugs rule and the list goes on and on.',1
'what's wrong with Congress is the same virus that makes Romney and Ryan very sick, they are both REPUBLICANS. \r\n     \r\n    The big news today Oct 13, 2012, is that another Company in Illinois making sensors (SENSATA), for automobiles was closed a week ago, all personnel terminated ( FIRED), with no job because the Company presently owned by Bain Corporation decided to make a larger profit by outsourcing the Company! All equipment and assembly of sensors work is now quickly outsourced to China! This is the sickness that has been killing us, our economy, and our working force for the last fourteen years , as you know it all began with Bush, Mitt Romney and the Bain Corporation, and many other Large Corporations in the USA. We better stop outsourcing our work to other countries now or we will die as a powerful country! I can't believe we still have the courage to blame Obama for the problems of lack of jobs in our USA for the last four years. Just give the citizens a brake, and stop making more lies of why the economy does not make good progress, to include the perversity of Congress a snake nest of Tea Party, and Republican members opposing every Jobs Bills that Obama proposes.  You need to know that from 2000 to 2008,the Bush years, 8.3 million service, and assembly jobs have been outsource to China, India, and Mexico! Mitt, you are a lost cause; you change your mind every time you get out of bed. You are very dangerous to the American people because we do not know for sure what you are going to do if accidentally you become president, with your liar side kick Ryan, you will take many position dealing in foreign policy, and will prove to be a killer for us, like Iraq and Afghanistan nightmare. Citizens wake up, vote for Obama president on November 6, 2012 or earlier!',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried. This is going on two days now. Until we reach the hour of 48, the office of the police will not investigate. Please, can someone help!',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'Sir, you are mistaken. This is the area that a good friend of mine lives in. Do you know the area in question? I really need to find out if he is ok! Would you be of assistance?',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried. This is going on two days now. Until we reach the hour of 48, the office of the police will not investigate. Please, can someone help!',1
'I could rob you people blind, I smile and talk sh*t and you people love me. I am the King.',1
'Excuse me, Any New Yorkers!!!! I have a traveling companion that lives on E 141st St Bronx, NY, Do you know if that area of the city is OK? I cannot reach him by phone and his family is getting worried.',1
'@ Maggie, Please listen to my friend @This is way too funny! I played you hard and you gobbled it up.',1
