'Uh, yeeaahh, the poor taste is abundant, much like the **** over which those tacky marled tights are stretched.',1
'Oh No the "M"  word',1
'Well since he prayed for his wife to become cancer free and his pray was answered, maybe instead of sueing he should pray really really hard and he might get his leg back.... lol',1
'Always fight and try to schedule your court date with the offending officer's day off.',1
'That's the Richie Nicotra I grew up with... his Dad and Mom were rightfully proud of him... great guy.',1
'Did you forget Bush was the one who sent them there in the first place?.Or that he lied to start that war?..Your an idiot..Go finish drinking your Kool-Aid!',1
'I like the Obama pic....it shows he is human.  I can't imagine how much energy it takes to campaign.',1
'why would you use anything that has i in front of it?',1
'If they would split some of these stocks I`d buy them.How many shares of Apple \r\nand google can most people buy?',1
'"Tammy Duckworth holds a 10-point lead over Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.), an advantage the Democratic congressional candidate is seeing thanks to Walsh's controversial comments and Tea Party membership, according to a poll released Friday by the Chicago Tribune and WGN-TV."\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ -----------------\r\ntsk, tsk, tsk.....',1
'You are bald with a fake ****, fake face and fake life.  Grow up or shut up!!!',1
'i am with you brother     LIBERTARIAN  / CONSERVATIVE',0
'Started as a Category 2 and weakened to a Category 1',1
'once again, our votes dont choose who the president is, it is the electoral college and representatives for each state. you could literally have the public votes tally at OBAMA- 90% and ROMNEY-10% and romney will be president if that is who the electoral college votes in.',1
'Lol "i took E and dont remember what happened".Really? case closed shes a lier looking for a pay day',1
'Did anyone notice the difference in hand writing??? Why is "single mom sorry" in plain writing but the "thank you it was great" in cursive? The y's dont match, the o's dont match, and the g's dont match...Im gonna say this was FAKE and the server who probably did this should be ashamed!!!',1
'I am so glad to see that there are so many Americans who are and have been seeing the light!  I have been screaming "We need to do another Boston Tea Party before it is too late" for the last 20 years but everyone just laughed at me - we have no rights any longer - the government controls us - just open your eyes - it is the very wealthy that is manipulating the market - and every candidate, president, and politician are bought off or in it for themselves!  My daughter asked me which candidate I would vote for - I told her "NONE - I WOULD WRITE IN ON THE BALLOT - WE THE PEOPLE AND MARK THAT ONE"!  Romney is not going to be any better - so which choice is the worst of the two evils?!  And it has been that way for a very long time now!',0
'For those approaching retirement, our salaries at age 31 were a fraction of what yours is.  I think I made around $11,000 a year 33 years ago and that was a pretty good salary.  Saving 15% of that was about $1650 a year.  It didn't add up as fast years ago when salaries were not as inflated as they are now.  Meg8681, you are a very lucky person to have such a well-paying job at your age.  I didn't start making $40,000 until about 5 or 6 years ago and I'm STILL making $40,000 a year.',1
'The dog was a month overdue on his rabies shot and the law is that he had to be quarantined.',1
'Really? ****ING REALLY? She's being sued over   whoah-oh-oh-oh-oh part ?  Somebody is desperate for attention . Pathetic',0
'best way to get out of a ticket is to be a friendly good lookin woman',1
'I don't care I've got mine let them get theres, go ahead and borrow another trillion',1
'AFTER ALL THE NEGATIVE SPORTS STORIES IT'S GREAT TO HEAR SOMETHING POSITIVE. TO BAD THAT IT DOESN'T HAPPEN MORE OFTEN.',1
'I don't have a preference, but my mistress is really happy she's not the only one who takes lots of pictures of her cat!',1
'There are bad apples everywhere.  Don;t let your one experience with a Marine color them all.  What have you done for your country today?',1
'I am not a fan of the old school Union model, they need to clean house, work closely with industry to train and provide a competent work force that can evolve with business \r\nThe real issue is that Unions have not evolved to address a new business model. Workers without out some protection will be exploited. That is just the way it is. Business demands cheap labor, and for many companies labor is a commodity not an asset. Just look at the folks building your ipads in China. They had to put nets outsite the windows because the workers would rather die that be forced to work in such an environment - the eco system there is basically a modern version of indentured servitude.',1
'Yes, Mr. Putin. Being flexible is that easy.',1
'Reality check private!  From American farm grains to trucker that hauls grain to the guys that weigh and buy it to the trucker that hauls it (AGAIN) to a brewery to ALL the brewery related jobs to the trucker (AGAIN) that hauls it to the wholesaler who has their employees truck it (AGAIN) to retailers to JOHN Q PUBLIC consumer.  I see 10's of thousands of GOOD AMERICAN JOBS that are created by continuing to drink and support Bud... \r\n  \r\nMaybe this is why I consider myself a "general" and you are still a "private"...HA!',1
'Huh !',1
'It doesn't "hurt my brain", but it challenges it in ways that are good for me. While driving, I actually create my own math equations from other driver's license plates just to keep my brain active.',1
'Yep, I have $10K loaded up....its EASY MONEY.',1
'iSuck \r\nAPPLECRAP',1
'LOL thanks I guess I can take the craigslist ad down',1
'Aww thank you bordnray :)',1
'In spite of being reported that the story is not factual, you union haters still believe it to be true.  In part, because it was on FOX.  \r\n \r\nThe union doesn't have to force non-unionized workers away.  In fact, in many cases, after working alongside union workers during situations like these, the non union workers seek to organize once they get home.\r\n \r\nThis is a ploy for the election in an attempt to make sure someone is angry at someone else in order to force the outcome of the election.',1
'His only help would be to wire his teeth together.',1
'No',1
'I don't know him, nevertheless, RIP, i am happy he dies the way he wanted.',1
'no doubt these people are liberals.',1
'you clearly have never owned a pair of these boots the quality is actually pretty good and there comfy and warm',1
'Wow, I could maybe understand if it were Denny's, but spend $140 on dinner and claim you can't afford a tip because you're a single mom?  That's not why you didn't tip.  You didn't tip because you're a cheap bitch.',1
'When women go into domestic abuse shelters, the shelter provides two very key components; shelter and therapy.  Your friend needed therapy as much as she needed shelter.  Until you understand the dynamic of her life, you will never get it or understand it.  It might be very black and white to you, but you were obviously raised in an environment of no abuse.  No one ever hit me when I was a little kid, but I was sexual abused by a lot of men and older boy’s.  When I grew up “I had very bad taste in men“.  I was so use to being abused, I very unconsciously, picked men that abused me.  I got hit because I did not “mind” and would not “listen”.  I really did think it was all my fault!!!!  It just played into everything I had been “taught” as a kid; I just simply did not know anything else.  Therapy is the only thing that can make you understand the dynamics of it all.  Even today at 56 years old, I could very easily relapse into old patterns if I do not very consciously watch my triggers.  No, you do not understand and you need to walk in the shoes of your friends life.',1
'was that a jealous lover of the preacher boy or a jealous husband',1
'Excuse me? sellout? I bet he can sleep at night knowing he is going to make a greater impact on this world in the next step of his life.  He can make those dollars work better than allowing the government to take them as taxes on capital gains. \r\n Good job George.  Your legacy is complete.',1
'J. Bird - wtf?? she spelled "their" correctly - that makes her alright in my book. And I guess you must be butt-ugly yourself, having taken your own advice and opted for a bird instead of a self-portrait. hah!',1
'A while back I gave info ion how to get the new Tom Ze cd via eBay.  Well it arrived today so I can vouch for that eBay seller. Now if I could only get electricity to hear it.',1
'go blue let it rest believe me if the republicans though they had a story here  romney would have been all over it. it has been in the news for a month now everyone has expressed their sorrow for what happened but please ry to understand when you are hated around the world as much as americans are I think you already know the risk of taking a job in the middle east is',1
'Maybe Chris Mattews is under the table',0
'I don't even like country music and watching some of this made me miss real country\r\n \r\nMusic',1
'just got an ad-card from coors light in SPANISH !!!  so, i dropped them from my favorites list. i guess it is back to pabst.',1
'So the koreans make billions and give back a few bucks for their lies!  Heh!  Serves those chumps right.',1
'I may avoid it 50% of the time and I may not the other 50%.',1
'@ dp\r\n \r\nI can see how you can be confused about scientific facts by reading your post...Your free to believe in what ever God you believe in, but your NOT free to to tell me I have to believe your God or his book!',1
'It should be no surprise that big businesses will lie. When it comes to profit, there is no shame in cheating.',1
'Who needs Facebook anyway ...',0
'Sorry, I like cats, but this one is downright ugly.',1
'You got that right, Klaus.  Kindness begets kindness.',1
'I've never been a fan of Glamour shots they seem tacky no matter when or where they're taken. But this article tries to make it an insult to anyone who is suffering because of the storm at the same time as MSN and every other news web site, TV channel, and News paper is showing disaster porn to make money just like they always do. During the storm people are losing their homes but news people are standing in the storm filming as they get blown around like fools. Same old Same old. Seems like MSN has a double standard.',1
'Strangers hell, it was my friends who offered me bags of death. That is why they are no longer my friends.',1
'Bubba huh? Typical redneck probably getting ready to go down on his sister...',1
'I think Joe Biden say's exactly what he means, even if it's not what he should be saying, he can't help himself! Absolutly hilarious and I'm sure very truthful! Good job Joe!',1
'In addition to what salt said, A lot of people who use mass transit have been driving the last few days because mass transit is so iffy and congested.  Add that to the cabs, livery cabs, delivery people and limos and you have long lines of people waiting for gas.  The line for the gas station in my neighborhood was over 10 blocks long this afternoon.',1
'The last two men I dated made more money than I did and never let me forget it. Now you're telling me my only choices are arrogant jerks or mama's boys? Apparently  my decision to quit dating five years ago was a sound one indeed. I am smart, ambitious and I'd prefer an equal, not someone who expects me to take care of him, just as I wouldn't expect a man to take care of me. I guess that's unrealistic today...',1
'I do have to agree with you on that and so does Mitt too. :)',1
'I find it funny that people think terrorists have such thin skin!',1
'The robber should have shot that damn bank manager',1
'what a disgusting disrespectful thing to say',1
'hahhaha, he looks as tired as I do after I've worked 36 hour stints! Glad to know someone in Washington works!',1
'How about the restaurant starts paying for their employees? Yeah, that sounds good. I hate this system of shaming people for not tipping. Employees should be paid by their employer and tips should be those special occasions when someone provides exceptionally good service and is appreciated enough by the customer that the customer wants to reward that person for it.',1
'myspace.com/thebandp  ​ layson',1
'Typical, weak-minded religious follower. Use your religion as a crutch to get what you want (a cancer-free wife) and then throw it in the gutter, which is where it belongs anyway, just to get paid. Hypocrite. Your leg for a cancer-free wife should be payment enough, you ungrateful loser. Karma, look into it. You may be believing in the wrong thing(s).',0
'Your next president, Romney.',1
'If I thought that the guy in the wheelchair was making a bad joke I may have hit him, but I would have asked first to make sure I wasn't making a mistake like this. As for the question: probably, but then we wouldn't have those naughty nurse costumes, or those naughty teacher costumes or those naughty school girl costumes.',1
'My 4 month-old granddaughter's. It was her first Halloween, obviously. What could top that?',1
'So uninformed again, It 's easy to tell you haven't worked on the front line before , companies MAY determine who works where, BUT THE WORKERS  in the field have their own ideas when workers come to the field in their location THEN it's determined who will work next to unionized employees already on the job site, YOU CAN BET A PAY CHECK ON THAT DEMOCRACY!!!  And if you say otherwise you full of @#$*!!!!',1
'The "respected sheriff" is not an authority on documents.',1
'Do I really give a _ _ _ _ what this voter is saying on the phone.  NO I don't and I'm glad she/he can't see my face cause I really want to laugh in their face.',1
'They are VERY COMFORTABLE, but over priced :)',1
'There is no free health care now or when Obamacare comes to be.  Someone has to pay for it.  I am tired of paying for dead heads...............  ​ .....',0
'Go work for Wal mart. Maybe they will hire you on as a greeter',1
'Most stunning to me is when NYC needs help, it's people are hurting badly living through an unimaginable nightmare, Mayor Bloomburg holds rather than postpone a marathon that steels much needed resources from people with no electricity and then when he needs support from Americans across the country he uses this nightmare as an opportunity to make divisive and scurrilous political statements. This was not a time for the Mayor of NYC to divide by endorsing Barack Obama and side with Michael Moore on left wing Global Warming interpretations. These actions when his city needs unity and leadership are reprehensible. He could learn a lesson from Rudy.',1
'emptyhead    blame game    from Bush to Regan     what happened to clinton   oh yea  he was busy with monica    You Moron',1
'That's bullsh**!  The media LOVES Obama.',1
'I have more confidence in the American people than that.   The Civil War was a long time ago and we have come a long way since then.   Lets not start creating racism when for the majority of people it doesn't exist.   We are stronger than that.  Lets not listen to those few people who truly are racist but speak louder than the rest of us.   I don't care what color someone is or their ethnic background or their religion.   I care about who they are and what they stand for.',1
'Sorry they are made in CHINA.',1
'what an idiot',1
'How's this for a caption? \r\n  \r\n"Another 4 years??? I am still looking for yesterday people"',1
'Oh waaaa. Kobe's mad. Boo hoo. But than again, to have so much faith in an arrogant self indulgent player, may be the fans are a little daft. Is Kobe gonna actually play what he's worth this season? Highly doubtful.',1
'He is a Democrat.',1
'Relationship failures after marriage or living together after having children are horrible.  People loose half of their stuff because they were together.  If you have children together you have responsbilities.  Marriage provides you with a legal framework to work on living together doesn't. \r\n  \r\nMy nephew thinks that he is protecting his children by no marrying their mother.  His girlfiend and he have now split.  From the children's point of view marriage or now marriage, it is the same.  Because they weren't married, they are actually less protected unless everyone goes to court anyway.',1
'Myth #2: Volcanoes output more CO2 than humans.\r\n\r\nFACT: Humans produce 80 - 270 times more CO2 than volcanoes.\r\n\r\nSource:  http://volcanoes.usg  ​ s.gov/hazards/gas/cl  ​ imate.php\r\n\r\nCO2 from volcanoes:  0.15 to 0.26 gigaton per year\r\n\r\nCO2 from humans: 35-gigaton projected anthropogenic CO2 emission (2010)',1
'Equating the life of a child to that of a car is the single most moronic thing I've read here in a very long time. Children are not inanimate possessions like a car or some other manufactured item.',1
'"See even I have one of those free-election-year Obama Phones....',1
'You're right @antagonizer. I'm sure most animals are Democrats.  Republicans haven't been very big on animal rights.',0
'Did you not read my post? I clearly stated first I would prevent a women from hitting me. If she was persistent or hit me in the nuts it's fare game and she would hit the floor. Believe me I've seen men just sit there and take it and that's not what I'm saying. Violence is for the weak minded who cannot control their emotions. A smart person knows how to avoid it in the first place. Women or man everyone has the right to defend themselves. Some however choose to do it with something other than violence in return.',1
'More right-wing, made-up news to demonize unions.  Take a misunderstanding and turn it into a slanted piece bashing the union.  Before you trolls get your panties in a bunch, read the whole story: there is no indication that anyone was turned away from working based on not belonging to a union, period.',1
'But you left out the best! Lizzie Windsor!',1
'YOU should read more than MSLSD. Try reading the ACTUAL story that led to Berr getting his panties in a wad and running off to write a rebuttal. His REBUTTAL IS INACCURATE, if not outright dishonest. Try reading the REAL story. \r\nEDUCATE YOURSELF.\r\n \r\n"The general manager of Decatur Utilities, Ray Hardin, told Friday morning they were presented at a staging area in Virginia. The documents stated they had to affiliate with a union to work, which the crews would not agree to.  \r\nHardin said the crews were not turned away, but were made to believe that affiliating with the union was a requirement to work.  \r\n"It was and remains our understanding that agreeing to those requirements was a condition of being allowed to work in those areas," said Hardin."',1
'She is most definately the reason I am NOT watching Idol this season....first one I will miss!!!!! Get the skank off and I will watch it!!',1
'All religious men are creepy. They need religion to control women because they are either ugly, fat, stupid or have small penises. They are just like middle eastern men.',1
'I have a underground home in Oklahoma......2-3 feet of soil on top....... In the winter I rarely use heat...... House is about 4000 sq ft.....Totally electric....and 3 full baths, 40,000 sq ft pool with pumps, 8 stall barn, and a well with a sprinkler systems.... average electric bill year round 300.00 .....Not to bad.....I have a built in storm shelter and don't have to worry about Hail damage which is constant in Oklahoma......i could put a garden though......I have thought about adding wind and solar....but don't think I am going to end up here.....I need to get around more liberal minded people.....lol......  ​',1
'your kkk is showing.',1
'Bill,\r\n \r\nI have read and enjoyed your articles for amost a decade now.  Your three game scenario has played out like a Baseball Clinic.  Just wonderding if there will actually be a forth game no one wants to even think about.  It is the game in which all hard-working Americans in their 30-50's reach retirement and like you stated above about unfunded liabilities, their pensions, 401Ks, and other retirement investments must be recognized and paid.  Only the numbers on their statements are bogus and there is no money to speak of.  Just a thought.',1
'anything top make obama look back',1
'Why not wall street buys US Treasury bonds all day long ! And wall street gets mad when the US Congress does not raise the debt limit? Why is that ? Typical repuke who truly has no clue..',1
'You just can't stand people that have more than you. Quit crying. In his book Obama said that he ate dog when he was younger. Maybe he felt bad when he was EATING it. Is that the sympathy you are looking for.',1
'In my neck of the woods most of our city officers and the majority of our county Sherriff's deputies are grossly overweight, some even obese. And they don't seem to care much about their appearance, ie; trousers too short, shirts half tucked in, gut protruding from beneath ballistic vest and rolling over duty belt. City PD officers are permitted to wear "BDU's" and "skull caps". (Talk about looking ridiculous) Conversely, our state troopers are much more professional in manner, physique and uniform. \r\n I agree. Not all our "pigs". But polite, professional and lenient officers are fewer and farther between than they used to be.  \r\n  \r\n Message recieved. Please excuse my tardy response. ;) \r\n Hope all is well with you and you're family.',1
'MissKyte said: LMAO!  HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU BUFFOONS BROUGHT UP BUSH, WHO "I DIDN'T REALIZE WAS RUNNING\r\n \r\n No Bush is Not Running, but ..George W AT THIS VERY MOMENT is in the Cayman Island's Representing Mitt Romney at the Cayman Alternative Investment Summit....   A Summit to learn how to Avoid paying income Tax in the U.S.. \r\n MYTH ROBME    THE MOST CORRUPT PERSON TO RUN FOR THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENCY... \r\n Bill Clinton isn't running either, but he is out Stumping for President Obama........ \r\n OBAMA/BIDEN.....2012  ​ .',1
'Yes it was sarcasm.',1
'Rising Waters, I do agree!  But, I ain'ts one of them solving the problems.  I asked a state representative a simple question a few weeks back pertaining to percentages of a state allotment that went to different categories.  He voted on the legislation but he couldn't tell me the percentages.  He said it would be determined by the federal government.  I asked him "then, what good is state government?"  He couldn't answer that either but he assured me we needed it!!!  So, it ain't me smart enough to solve them there problems, brother!!!',1
'Re-TOG Re-TOG (Re-TOG)   \r\nWell,well,well....30  ​ % unemployment now\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------------------\r\n \r\nI THOUGHT IT WAS 47 PERCENT?',1
'Eeeeehehehehehehhe..  ​ .. Not one of those people ever experienced slavery..... Osama's a racist',0
'i think these girls were on drugs,',1
'Nah, he needs to be assigned to cleaning the latrines at the park. Supervised. Garbage detail is too good for him.',1
'And all the people who lost jobs? Lots of companys laying people off like crazy.Also lots of people falling off the unemployment rolls due to them running out of benefits. \r\n       Theres so many articles trying to paint the president in a good light.People look around them and see the reality.And people see what your doing.Its disgusting.I guess there is no unbiased reporting anymore.',1
'i saw where someone on here posted that america loves him?  no...the mindless sheep love him americans do not love him...time for him to go!',1
'"hmmm who knows Dear, I might" ;)',1
'Quoted text: \r\n"Apparently IRN, you missed the insult about us Toyota and Honda owners all having boring, bland vehicles. Yes, an insult is the same as an attack." \r\n  \r\nThere was no insult in the original comment.  Simply a statement that non enthusiasts don't understand why car lovers love their cars. No insult and no attack. \r\n  \r\nQuoted text: \r\n"Maybe zquz doesn't realize that many of us do not NEED our cars to provide us with entertainment and fun, we have REAL FUN toys that do that for us, like boats, motorcycles, ATV's and snowmobiles." \r\n  \r\nAnd if I said that people who need to toys like boats, motorcycles, ATV's and snowmobiles to have fun lacked personality I would sound just as ignorant as your earlier comment.',1
'He was for it not too long ago so I guess he flipped on that too...lol',1
'They are idiots. There is no glamour in any of those shots, just bad taste.',1
'And thank you for the advice Crimson! I will defiantley be looking out and aware :) Have a good weekend!',1
'You said it all. in your statement . The part about tricking the white man and all that . Vote OBAMA HE IS ON GODS SIDE AND ANYONE THAT HAS READ ANY LITTLE BIT OF THE BIBLE AND VOTES OBAMA ...  KNOWS OBAMA WILL KEEP GOD ON OUR SIDE ..\r\n If you have not read the bible there are many in here that will tell you what it says so don't worry about that part ok?',1
'The unions in NJ could care less about the storm damage. All they want is a captured audience of people that will need construction repair done for months to come and they want to make sure everyone is paying them their normal union wages of $121.12 per hour for skilled labor. Then the Alabama guys come along and will work for lower wages to help the millions of people who need power and construction repairs....they are not allowed to work in New Jersey!! Unions win....the citizens of NJ lose. And Obama said he would cut through the RED TAPE....looks like he failed again!!',1
'Hmmm. if your a single mom, what's that got to do with it. Did you start off single? If your single, why have a kid? Do you use your little boy/girl as a ploy? Single mother isn't an excuse anymore.',1
'You mean you fixed it so I got a hole in one on that last game?! (((FOUR)))',1
'All. Check the best and the worst posts. \r\nThe best ones do not support the unions. \r\nThe worst all support the unions. \r\nGuess that tells you something.',1
'She is not an actress, she is a heartless same thing   than her stupid husband, when everybody is suffering these guy enjoying taken pictures ,,,, stupid people like this',1
'I agree the real rate is likely 22% and even higher for 55+, but is that really due to age discrimination?  Or is it due to employers do whatever they can to get by in this economy?  Paying kids (20-30 year olds) pennies on the dollar compared to what the 55+ crowd requires/expects just might be the difference in their survival.',1
'Khloe is terrible.  A huge mistake and I'm not even talking about her body (which is huge as well). Poor choice',1
'Answered above by the great Allen B.  Thanks again!  Now back to Van Te Man',1
'Elwood: "What kind of music do you normally have here?" \r\nBob: "We have both kinds. Country AND Western." \r\n  \r\n;-)',1
'Lol. True that.\r\n\r\nIt's *until my 'sorry you were mentored by Jerry' friend.',1
'It took a lot of nuts to pull this one off.',1
'You're right, Upgreyed, I don't have kids.  Never wanted any, never had any, and do not, and will never, regret that decision.  Nearly everyone I talk to that has kids wishes they hadn't, or at least had fewer of them.  Unless you have a high income, the quickest way to the poor house is children.  Even if you can afford them, they likely will eventually turn on you or move in on you with THEIR kids someday.  There used to be some stupid societal shame in not having children, but not any more.  In some circles, choosing to remain childless is admirable.  There are too many people on the planet already, and too many kids are neglected or abused.  Reproduction is biological.  All animals reproduce, but that doesn't make them decent or deserving parents.',1
'"Tip well or don't go out and eat"?  Excuse me, but that's the individual customers call, not yours.  I aim for a 15% when I go out.  If the service is exceptional, it will be better.  If the service is poor, no tip, period!  By the way, I have waitressed, so I know how much tips mean!',1
'how totally awesome that is.. What a great feeling they must have gotten from this act of kindness.. lets hope it passes on',1
'Because we sign our names over and over (practice makes perfect), and because we also tend to be conscious of how our signature looks and/or how it comes across to others, most people's signature is actually a slight variation of their handwriting.  It wouldn't be at all uncommon for a signature to be a bit more formal looking than the scrawled note it's attached to.  I'm not saying you're wrong to question the story... I'm just saying, because of this, it's not thoroughly damning evidence.\r\n \r\nBut, of course, you could be right.  It could be a fake.  In fact, I kind of hope it is.  I hate to think of someone being that (fill in the blank) that they would have a $140 meal in a restaurant, without tipping.  LOL',1
'You would think educated women would take better care of their children too, but that is not the case.',1
'@born....Why did you post the same message twice????.....Do you have Parkinson's?????',1
'I agree that country is becoming pop not real country music, Miranda Lambert should go to pop rock, Taylor Swift is also leaning toward, pop,  Was surprised that we didn't see more performances. \r\nAll in all I love country music, and will always be a fan, Carrie and Brad did a great job already looking forward to next years show.',1
'The party system is what is killing us as George Washington predicted as is our fake fiat monetary system. Your current worth is an xo in a bank account worth less everyday. It has nothing to do with who is in power. We created 800 billion out of thin air to finance the current bubble. Enjoy it while you can. The dollar erodes daily. No point in even saving it anymore. I've seen 20 percent inflation at the pump and in food prices in the last year or so. This is mainly where average folks spend their income. You can expect a lot more of it. When the economy collapses in a couple years it won't matter if your rich, poor, democrat or republican. I hope we can go to an economic system that is fair and honest like the gold standard. It made sense to save a dollar because it would still be worth a dollar in 10 years. Put a dollar under your bed today and see what it buys you in 10 years. I would say, get to know your neighbors and share resources when the time comes. If you try to hoard a ton of food, guns, and ammunition someone will probably shoot you and take it. I laugh at all of you fools that buy any of this crap! Social services? Please! Come to reality! How do you think this stuff gets paid for? Your tax dollars barely cover the cost of the interest on the debt. The rest is borrowed. This illusion is about to come to a crashing halt. The credit card is maxed out. There is no holy democrat or republican that is qualified to handle this. No magic savior is coming. Whoever is president is going to have one hell of a job. Also, study the constitution and the principles this country is founded on and you may not have to live your life in constant fear and ignorance. You might actually know when you've been duped.',1
'Better out than in!',1
'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ​ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ​ \r\nLightly place the leaves over the bear-trap and patiently wait for your prey.\r\n\r\nThings that make you go Hmmmmm???',1
'Nope, we always have lower prices gas.  AND we have it pumped for us!!!!!  Jersey girls don't pump gas!  ;)',1
'Because they've been too busy making Ninja Turtles to put on Walmart's shelves for Christmas, \r\n WHAT THE H3LL KIND OF QUESTION IS THIS?!?!?!',1
'Wow GGG...You sound like a bitter, lonely loser....I'm sorry you are unable to find love in your life so you troll women on this website and namecall to make yourself feel like a "big man"...Maybe if you were "big", you could find a woman....Too bad for you...',1
'Great ink. RIP.',1
'I remember hearing this same comment when Garth Brooks came out.  Then Shania Twain.  And how Hank Williams Jr. was turning his back on country music, at least the kind his dad made.  This happens when country music gets more fans from cross over acts.',1
'Go on ATSYIII....Finish your sentence your coward.',1
'I too, was a person who at one time supported unions. After many years, I learned that many unions support a few bad workers and do not care about good workers. Many remind me of congress, little work, but a lot or bragging and strutting !!!',1
'hey Cheech man Ya know that 6 foot pine tree kina looks like a huge bud man..  Come on Chong grab one of those jumbo rolling papers and lets smoke it dude..',1
'Once again Mitt removes 1 M from MorMon.',1
'So you would turn away non-union help in a disaster and you have the nerve to preach? You are the problem. \r\nI remember the **** cars from the 80s and 90s. Union went on strike a lot, but never once to for the US car companies to make a decent auto. The only cars worth a darn were not from the U.S. Auto Jerkers.',1
'as children my neighborhood played a game called pig chase,u gather neighborhood kids in one place and call the cops, when police show up everyone runs in different directions,lots of fun at cops expence',1
'I have been complaining since I purchased my 2011 Elantra that the mileage is overstated. Even the odometer mileage reading is 2 to 3 miles per gallon overstated. I have written to Hyundai and they this is the first acknowledgement I have heard about.',1
'First country rapper - LMAO! You know, the way country music is "progressing" these days, that just may actually happen. And if it does, it will be the end of it. I can remember complaining in the 1990s when all the "cross over" artists started up, including Faith Hill. That was the beginning of country's decline and separation from its roots.',1
'You'renot worthy.',0
'KYTE \r\n DO NOT LEAVE OUT THE  OBAMA BUNDLER  JOHN CORZINE THAT STOLE  1 BILLION$$ \r\n AND GOT AWAY WITH IT !!!!    LOL',0
'Just another way for people to draw SSI early...Judge: Next case....... Bailiff: The State vs. Another Person Claiming Disability.... Judge: Proceed...... Lawyer: My client has filed for Social Security early on the format of a mental disability caused from an addiction to the internet...... Judge: Granted..... NEXT!....... SSI Recipient..... Sweet!!!! Now I can stay at home and play on the internet all day',0
'Ahhhh....!  Monica has returned.',1
'I'm from the area where the Alabama guys came from.  They wouldn't have just gone that far to turn around to leave and then get re-routed somewhere else if it were not true.  That's a long way from home!  Whoever turned them away should be fired!',1
'2 problems with Ugg boots.  The company went crazy and started making some really bad designs not just in the shoes but handbags coacts purses etc that hurt.  The last a long time and if you go to any college campus you will see the college girls wearing their ugg boots or knock off Uggs.  They still sell very well but they last soo long they arent replaced frequently enough to sustain the high sales volumes.',1
'Alfred's twin brother?',1
'but the nose says "joe camel"',1
'These "new" jobs are minimum wage, holiday, temp, part-time. It is better than nothing if your unemployment has run out, but it won't last. Very few of these positions turn into something after Christmas, and those that do, are still minimum wage, part-time slots.==============  ​ == \r\n  \r\n  \r\nSo this is what's been going on the last 36 months, ROTFLMNAOAY.',1
'your private non union job will throw your **** to the curb once you get too expensive for them to pay, insure and when you get old.  Don't be so confident.  Good work means nothing to them. The stupidity on here is ridiculous.  Those who think union workers make too much, did you ever think for one moment that they are not overpaid, but you are seriously underpaid?  I know I was in my private job.',1
'Ugly over-priced boots.  Good riddance!',1
'@ KIM:  You used Romney AND couldnt say anything the obama regime has done thats good.  My point exactly, you're just another mindless idiot with talking points holding absolutly no value.  Get a life.',1
'Number of family members (including pets): _3_____.   City of where you live: Lexington, KY   Does this include toiletries and other nonfood things? Some   Does this include alcohol? Yes___.   Does this include eating out? Yes__.   These numbers make me EXHAUSTED! \r\nMy fam is spending a little less than $1000/mo but for the past ten months, my wife has been pregnant!  Hoping that number goes down asap.  I have a degree in economics and am a budget freak, any ideas to get this number down?',1
'Trick or treat i wish i was a kid again would have been a  good time!!',1
'Its to late to call in air support for the victims of the Libyan Embassy Mr. President',1
'"HERES SOME SERIOUS FACTS ABOUT RTard: (I am not joking, RTard wants to get personal, so I am returning the favor) 1. He became a street snitch in Nashville to save his own azz. 2.  He worked for years as a cashier in Nashville for a DOLLAR STORE. 3.  His wife left him. ; ) 4.  2 kids a boy and a girl...Both left daddy as soon as they could walk out of the trailer 5.  He has been to jail several times (see street snitch and wife left him) 6.  His real name is ROBIN. 7.  He ran his brothers company out of business after his brother was dumb enough to hire him 8.  He claims he is a 'mentalist' 9.  His 'girl friend' is 74 years old (gross) 10.His real name is ROBIN (I wanted to say that twice)...Last name available upon request. " \r\n \r\n HOW did you get all this info on this guy? And how are all of you so familiar with one another? \r\n And HOW do some of you have 10k+ posts???',1
'They should be,as far as i am concerned. I think sailors are taught to recognize distress signals. They should feel the full force of the law.',1
'Meh.',1
'Those who doubt global warming or climate change must not have much common sense at ALL! I understand how it works. Why can't you? Or do you just think it's a conspiracy? Glad our leaders have more common sense than you do anyways. If you were in charge, America probably wouldn't be here anymore. Please, DON'T BREED!! We need smart people on this planet. Not apes all over again.',0
'Beautiful.  RIP, Logan's dad.',1
'I would thumbs down that cuz i hate the steelers!',1
'Oh well, I fukked up.',1
'IF you WANT to get high it's all you NEED, jerk\r\n \r\nEven though developing minds should wait unitl they mature to experiment with drugs, the kids will always want to get high my friend',1
'She's just waiting for her 'bama phone.',1
'Does everybody get a tax break but me?',1
'Do you think Bearpaws are about the same ?  They are cheaper but UGG's have so many nice styles.',1
'If only he were?',1
'IT'S JUST SOMETHING YOU DO FOR YOUR LOVER ,LIKE WEARING A SPECIAL NAIL POLISH COLOR OR WEARING A DRESS THAT HE LIKES.MY LAST GIRLFRIEND WANTED ME TO SHAVE MY HEAD.I DID IT JUST CAUSE SHE WANTED IT.I GET THE FEELING YOUR PARTNER CANT ASK YOU SCWAT.',1
'Obama could suck it through with no-problem.',1
'Did the story not say, "Not surprisingly, the photo prompted an instant outcry, with commenters calling it "racist," "xenophobic,"  "highly offensive and immature," "insensitive," "sad and cruel" and "disrespectful … and not funny?"\r\n\r\nSounds like a "big ado" to me.',0
'i can clearly hear him saying "i aint" while it may be improper grammar and the use of a double negative, i can hear it clearly perhaps because i am so conditioned to hearing being say " i aint" in nearly a single syllable my whole life.',1
'I agree, the waitress may have been a single mom too!! But I think this is fake actually, if it were real, then shame on her for the hypocricy!!',1
'commitment; willingness to talk things over.\r\nmy parents were one of nine (dad) and four (mom)\r\nout of 21 couples only my one aunt (mom) got divorced.....\r\nall the rest made it past 50 yrs marriage....\r\nunfortunately all but the (divorced) aunt are gone now....',1
'I have a 2011 Hyundai Elantra, and the 40 mpg was one of the main reasons for buying it.  I have never gotten over 30 mpg on the highway, and I babied it for months trying to get better mileage.  I finally gave up.',1
'Gentlemen, may I suggest an across-the-aisle compromise? \r\nWhen did "global warming" become "climate change?" When the temperatures stopped going up after 1998. Since the globe wasn't warming, the term "global warming" rightly came to be ridiculed. By calling it "climate change," everyone played it safe since the climate is always changing, that being the very nature of climate. Maybe it's time to switch "climate change" to something new. Something we can all agree upon. And I think I have it: "Climate Wassup!"',1
'@ Ken Barnes. If you're bored with country music, listen to something else.',1
'I didn't know about the closing of the plant in 1996 southpark89. However, it was my understanding that Pabst was still owned by Pabst Brewing (in Los Angeles) -- but they did contract the use of six Miller breweries. But, it has been years since I went back to check and you could be right. I can respect the reason you no longer drink Pabst -- but, I still stand by my assessment that Pabst tastes better than today's Budweiser. If there is a chance they changed their flavor recipie and it's no longer truly Pabst -- that would be shame. I trust you are right on that account since you say you were a big Pabst drinker. I never understood why soda (Coke, for instance) & beer companies have to tweak their flavors when they started out with a winner to begin with. Thanks for the information in your reply southpark89.',1
'I agree with jkj468 some ..but it still doesn't make it right..no child should ever be forced to work.',1
'didn't anyone read the report about the consumer confidence number -- they were going to modify it by taking out those surveys done with people without jobs and money. \r\n  \r\nThe reason being those people were bringing the numbers down at a time when the super rich were starting to party again with their money. So to keep the consumer confidence numbers being more realistic they now only apply to people with jobs and money to spend.',1
'You and all the others claiming that would join him in jail. Really only you and the others will be in jail.',0
'@NAP \r\nYOU REALLY MISS JOE, DON'T YOU?',1
'What a class act. If I had the money I would pay for that kids tuition. A selfless act like that makes me have faith in humanity.',1
'yeah, that ONE good, religious, family oriented man doesn't have much to choose from.',1
'A BETTER AND SALIENT QUESTION: Who thinks up these questions?',1
'You can bet the **** unions in NJ did this. Crocked as Hell',1
'I am 52 years old, a law abiding citizen who has never been in prison, and raised to stand up for my rights and what I believe in... PERIOD .... I bow to no one and may God, as you understand him, have mercy on the soul of any person who harms any of my children because I assure you, and make no mistake, I will not... PERIOD...',1
'I absolutely love "Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die".  I wish it had won something.  Maybe next year!!!',1
'Yeah i saw a guy pull a gun after trying to cut in line for gas after hurricane sandy.....\r\n \r\nMSN should ditch the talking point question.',1
'My point exactly.  Sounds like you're selfish too.  That's always been my experience.  You seem crazier than a sh*t house rat...good luck.  It looks like you're going to need every bit of it.',1
'I found out first hand what an awful mess the American healthcare system is in when I suffered an industrial accident which landed me in a burn ward for three months, crippled my right foot and took me out of the work force. Healthcare is pretty nice when your company qualifies for group rates, handles all the paperwork, and sees that you cannot be excluded for pre-existing conditions; but it is a living nightmare out there should you ever lose your job through sickness, injury, or other reasons and must scrounge for coverage in the private market. ',0
'I agree, I was looking forward to Faith's performance. Then when it happened, I was not impressed. I was expecting her performance at least to be good, maybe it was nerves, been awhile since she's performed at an award's show. Little big town was great though, enjoyable performance.',1
'Bigpictureguy1-\r\n \r\nWhat exactly is it a big picture of? Yourt empty head? Just stop now and no one will mock you anymore. Your making yourself look very bad.',1
'iWey',1
'@ Lulabell, probably smart to switch avatars. Sadly, if you're attractive and put your picture up...you automatically become target. :(',1
'Reading some of the posts, people imply that those pushing Global Warming are educated. So are many of those stating it's Bunk.\r\n\r\nHere's a statistic for you. If you provided an education to every human on earth to the Level of PhD., The Average I.Q. would increase by only 1 point.\r\n\r\nEducation & Intelligence are not inclusive. We only hope it makes them good at what they were Educated for. Evidence of which sadly  is not  Very Conclusive.',1
'LOL',1
'I vote for the hamsters.....the only trick my dogs do is a dachshund who sits on his butt an waves his front paws when he needs to go outside while looking very worried.',1
'Yes, Honey, Romney did tell 47%  of the nation that he doesn't care poop about them......No I don't think they are smoking crack....but with the GOP anything is possible.',1
'I live in Gilbert.Az and I looked at the vehicles in question and bought a Chevy Cruze. I bought the Cruze because of what I read and heard from owners of the Cruze. My current driving habits put 8 to 10 miles a day light to light, no highway driving . My current gas mileage  is 28.8.The sticker said 26 city.  I will be driving to Tuscon next week so I will see what my highway mileage will be. I shopped for a car based on mileage ,and with that said,I couldn't be happier , especially since I truly love everything else about the car.',1
'In a snow storm driving from NY to DC, we were stuck in a 2 mile line.',1
'I'm fine with people making a free choice to live where they want.  I just don't want to subsidize their choice.  If the costs of their choice are covered completely by them or insurance bought by them on the open market (not subsidized by the government) then more power to them.',1
'Life is so lonely .I am an interracial  and single woman at present .I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on~~~ mixedcenter.c⊙m ~~~under the name of Angle345 … a best place for interracial and friends to get to know each other, establish relationship and talk about their interests, or to help each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for.',0
'TWIT said;  "Endeavor,  The Romney Retirement Program for Poor Seniors is the     "Soylent Green Program" "\r\n  I wrote:\r\n  TWIT's program.......... Welfare, Retirement at Birth.........======  ​ ​==========   EmptyHead wrote;  Moron I didn't realize This is what I think was running for office. What other programs does he plan on offering?  \r\n  LMAO!  HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU BUFFOONS BROUGHT UP BUSH, WHO "I DIDN'T REALIZE WAS RUNNING"????????????  ​ ====================  ​ =========     Are you drunk???????????????  ​ ????',1
'pinche racista',1
'considering i told him i was thinking the same thing, whats the difference',1
'Alexander the Great...regarding your comment: "Obummer’s administration needs to stand-up and take the Union’s on.." really? O-duds admin and himself have total union support backing. He and his Pelosi democraps love union contributions. they would never bite the hand the literally feeds them. Yes unions were needed long ago, though you can thanks lawyers for looking out for them. From OSHA to BBB to ACLU, all workers enjoy safety, fair pay and the right to work. Unions are only in place to keep union bosses (the mafia) in place. Total shamm and unions are long over due to be dissolved.',1
'If this cop tasered my daughter(s),   I'd sue his butt off, and the city,too.  And the school,and the people who set up the demonstration!  Get the damned city to clean his car, our kids are not his servants, and this goes above and beyond the respect anyone needs to show a police officer.  And HE shouldn't have even have asked that! What a loser!  FIRE him summarily, and tase HIS butt!!!',1
'great band, great songs! Well deserved! motorboatin!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'Thanks lula. Good to hear, but you'll find if not already there are a few individuals on here that have many, many characters and they use those characters to engage and phish personal info. One will be over the top and then one will swoop in trying to comfort.\r\n\r\nLike...That person is a jerk. I wish we could just talk privately. RED FLAG!\r\n\r\nThis site can be fun if people just stuck to making punny comments to the brain-numbing articles rather than using this as a social network. Be mindful of those giving to much info about their personal lives - odds are they are the phishers.\r\n\r\nMag has found that out the hard way.\r\n---\r\nJust looking out for you Nap - I like how you handle yourself!',1
'poor fuzzy, poor and rejected',0
'WHAT DO YOU MEAN...  THAT WHOLE FAMILY IS A WASTE!!!!.......OOOO  ​ H YOU MEAN   "WAIST -UP"  MY BAD !!!',1
'Got the whole thing photo shot.....and will be reporting the death threats as well...he is total scum of the earth......quite a piece of pure $hit he is.......',1
'What's the problem?  At least the parents didn't have to deal with peanut allergy!',1
'the wait staff has nothing to do with "how good the food is" so you should not tip based on the quality of food - unless the wait staff got the order wrong (that's different).',1
'Cee Lo is awful.  His NFL song?  Worse than rape.',0
'Colt - Are that big a fool, idiot???? Let me explain in simply so you can understand. "20 BILLION DOLLARS TO REPAIR, AND REBUILD"!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !! If you can not understand this then you are not old enough to be on  the computer!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!',0
'Better to err on the side of caution.',1
'anyone on Bill O'Reilly is pandering to the right and if i remember right Bill O'Reilly is a panderer because he was sued for trying to sexually molest female interns on his show and the suits were all settled out of court. Nice try.',1
'I think only rich people should vote. Since they are successful it proves they know what's best for the country.',1
'Once upon a time Sandy came, i survived, the end.',1
'Yes I have several pairs of Ugg, but they are very pricey for the average person.  They are comfortable and warm during the harsh winter months.  However, with this economy Uggs are the least on people's mind.  Reducing price will definitely entice customers but then again there is ebay for cheaper ones.',1
'Didn’t this happen in a movie?',1
'Willard Sh!t Romney is nothing but a phony "CORPORATE FOOL"...er..."TOOL."  ​ ​​',1
'He's thinking: \r\nThe election is fixed.  I'll really screw them in the next 4 years.',1
'Don't get it. her voice is average at best and all her music sounds the same. If you gave me a cd of hers I would trash it.',0
'Cougars in bikinis',1
'Tips are not a right.  You should have spoken to your employer if you believed you were underpayed.  I normally tip, but I wouldn't have tipped you just for your sense of entitlement.',1
'Actually Australia is very conservative. look stuff up in the future to avoid looking like a typical uniformed conservative douche.',1
'You would have to fire the 85% left wingers and 10% right wingers pretending to report the news and practicing selective amnesia.',1
'Okay Rhonda are you going to start wearing a Bhurka becuase another nation wants you to? This people live in soveriegn nations. We cannot force them to do anything. We can try to convince them to pass labor laws, but you can't do it by being self righteous.\r\n \r\nCocoa only grows in certain areas of the world. Unfortunately the people who settled those parts of the world are not as "enlightened" as we are. They live hard lives. They have insititutions of slavery older than the Julian calendar. What is unfortunate is that many of theose slaves actually live better lives than the free children. You want to change their contry and mores go there, but don't bitch when people buy their legally (for there) produced products.',1
'hey girl',1
'Uh, you don't understand COBRA.\r\n\r\nIt is simply the EXACT cost that the company has been paying for you, plus only an allowable extra 2% to cover the COBRA company Administrative costs.\r\n\r\nNOW you understand why employers are complaining about high health insurance costs.\r\n\r\nThus, the cost of COBRA is ONLY 2% by law higher than what your employer pays each month per employee.',1
'Hit home AY?',1
'I LOVE MY UGGS!!!!',1
'That would be the only shirt with the word "vote" on it that you could wear and not be kicked out of the polling station for wearing it. The poll regulators wouldn't want to be accused of "profiling".  :-P',1
'The original Ugg boots are still great for their original use - keep your feet warm at the beach when the sun sets. Of course, that formula won't create wealthly stockholders, so instead of downsizing the product line back to logical levels, the Ugg company will probably die. Worse, it could be sold off to one of the many "global" vendors who have copied it for the past 15 years.',1
'Can't Believe Jason Aldine, The Only Country music, Country Singer didn't get  Awarded?? I can see why Garth, Tobey, and Hank Jr. Snub the CMA's What a Joke.',1
'I like how this is the ONLY propaganda article MSN is allowing comment on. They have shut down comment on all their other articles promoting their candidate. pathetic and so telling of the chidlishness that is the hallmark of this media outlet and their candidate, Obama.',1
'We always said, take away the guns and ,,, "the bad guys will  still have them"!',1
'NO BECAUSE IT'S SECURITY IS TOTALLY IN MY CUSTODY.',1
'You do relaize that the child labor is nothing new. Milton himself would have had to buy cocoa from farms that used child labor becuase that is what those cultures do.\r\n \r\nHell in those countries farming, even cocoa farming is a family affair. Chidlren are taught their life skills by working along side the adults.',1
'Jamey Johnston is great!!!  I also like Casey James, used to work with him and he is a true artist.  Neither of them get any play because they will not sell out and play anything pop'ish.  A lot of great artists get passed up, because they wont do crap like "shake it for the birds, shake it for the bees" - all sell outs. I keep my radio on 80's 90's country - it was still good then!!',1
'Pareces mexicano wey',1
'you sure have a craw dad',1
'Dead turtles are smarter than you think.',1
'SCREW YOU..........quote from fifth element',0
'Obama To Seize Control Of The Internet?\r\nA Commentary by J. D. Longstreet\r\n******************\r\nOur own domestic tin-pot dictator, Obama, is about to make a move on the Internet. \r\n\r\nThere have been consistent reports for months now that a Presidential Executive Order is being prepared for signing by the President -- after Obama is reelected -- that would grant the President and the government powers over the Internet. (Notice the deliberate distant I placed between "the President" and "the Government." Obama has clearly set himself apart and ABOVE the government of the United States.)\r\n\r\nOnce again, he will be going against the will of the people of the US. But what the hey, the man seems to think he has the divine right of kings granted by, well ... Allah, perhaps?\r\n\r\nIt is no secret that the Congress has been desperately trying to get a grasp on the Internet and each time they have made a move their constituents raise such hell that they have been forced to back off. \r\n\r\nConsider this: "When Congress attempted to pass laws earlier in the year — the Stop Online Privacy Act (SOPA), the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA), and Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act (PROTECT IP) — to gain more government control over the Internet, public outcry quashed the initiatives. More talk from the Department of Defense about Internet security means that the President may soon pass a similar measure with no way for the public to stop it." SOURCE: \r\n\r\nPlease pay particular attention to the last phrase of the last sentence in the insert above: " ... with no way for the public to stop it." I submit -- there IS a way to stop it. That is to vote Obama out of office on November 6th! \r\n\r\nIt is very clear that after the huge role the conservative side of the Internet, the conservative blogosphere especially, has played in this presidential campaign, punitive action is planned and will be enforced by Obama and his Praetorian Guard. Do not for one moment think those of us who raised so much Cain and revealed so much truth about the lies and distortions of the Obama campaign will escape Scot free. \r\n\r\nAin't gonna happen.',0
'Obviously they were slow to get to the finish line, \r\nbut they did win the race....',1
'Highly_Recommend\r\nSenior matchmaking',0
'Of course we are surrounded by liberals... They are like roaches',0
'Fry this b*tch',1
'Probably not well...',1
'I thought he was announcing he was gay.',1
'Did they ask before  jumping around on those cars? Makes  a difference when you still own the car and it has plates. If the photos are as good as the MSN photo it is a waste of their time.',1
'@ SuperBeast ,  you must be unable to articulate your words without using profanity. President Obama has gone a lot for this country and this country is a lot better off. In 2008, Bush addressed the nation telling us about the economy collapsing.',1
'Essentials? Yes an iPad? No',1
'Are we all going to ignore the fact that the rate went up? Are we going to ignore the fact that almost 50% of businesses surveyed are warning about layoffs next year? If you are stupid enough to vote for Obo, then... enough said.',1
'So, Not Boring, how is one to be compensated for the loss of a dear family member, if not for being allow to sue the pants off someone?  I don't like frivolous law suits anymore than the next guy but this is happening with more and more frequency (or at least it's reported on more frequently) so how else are we to protect our pets that may end up in a shelter?  My pooch is in a fenced in yard, but my HVAC guy left the gate open, now if she wasn't so lazy and she had decided to go outside, she may have wondered outside the fence.  It wouldn't have been my fault if she had wondered out and been nabbed by animal control, but by golly if they euthanized her before I had a chance to spring her, you're saying that a free cremation of my dearly beloved and a free dog are sufficient?  (and by-the-by; vets prices are already becoming more and more outrageous.  When I worked as a vet tech, the only service we charged an office visit for was for the yearly exam/vaccines.  Now if I want to take my dog in for a nail trim I gotta pay the $10 bucks plus $38 for an office visit when a tech can just wisk her back and trim her nails in under 2 min.  So I say sue'em if they make egregiousness mistakes such as euthanizing pets "accidentally".)',1
'Hahahahahahahahahahh  ​ a.. Loser FREAK!!!!!',0
'Im not trying to argue with you Kunt.... I don't even know who the phuck you are.... Who cares if I disgust you.... I am far better and far advanced.... My social standing is up`ity while yours still plagues on your own survival....Chip, Chip, Cheerio',0
'For the writer to assume that the youth of the world will eventually snort cocaine, or that some parents would keep the coke, is as pathetic as the person that handed out the drug in the first place.',0
'"Whateva...I do what I want"!  (like Cartman)',1
'I hate to say it, but I agree.  I do wish that the mainstream republicans (and dems) could control their party.  The fringes (on both sides) are causing so many problems.',1
'Less than 11% of ALL adult workers are unionized.  So, you actually think that 11% of the working people in this country are screwing it up for everybody?\r\n \r\nPISS OFF A REPUBLICAN - THINK FOR YOURSELF (OR READ)',1
'Hi folks. The lights are back on! Nothing wrong with my computer. Wrote four reviews longhand in the interim. Be back soon.',1
'Neither dogs nor cats belong in cages in stores waiting to be sold. \r\nI think it's a GOOD thing that the animals will have to come from shelters or \r\nrescue groups instead of "puppy mills."  I'm sick of people who are uncaring \r\nabout the way ALL animals are treated, and only out for their own selfish \r\ngreed!!  I guess this topic is for those who do NOT want puppy mills banned, but \r\nI had to say my piece!  Some of the BEST PETS come from shelters and \r\nrescues!!  How about we wait until there is NO NEED or at least very little \r\nneed, for shelters and rescue groups before we start BUYING cats and dogs \r\nin stores for hundreds of dollars!!  Makes sense to me!',1
'I'll buy that for a dollar!!',1
'I'm kinda curious.....With your head so far up your **** do you have to open your mouth to take a ****?  It certainly sounds so................',1
'I would think the people of Staten Island, where substantial damage and death has occurred and which has been cut off from the rest of the world, would vehemently disagree with your statement about what level of response they've seen.  FEMA just "decided" to go 'visit' there today...',1
'I, too was an honor student who found myself pregnant. My parents, who are well to do financially, were not supportive and I found myself on my own at 16, raising a child by myself with no family support what so ever. I raised the child by myself in the ghetto,360 miles away from where I was born and raised and totally alone and still managed to get my G.E.D., enroll in college, maintain a full time job and be a good mom, because I was mature enough and smart enough to know there was no other choice but to succeed. I purchased my first home at 22..and never had a dime given ton me from my parents at all. Maybe because I had to do it in the real world with no help at all, I am aware that I, and you, are NOT the norm. I did not come from a poor, undereducated, alcoholic/drug addicted or abusive home, I did not come from harsh conditions with no resources and no options, so when I ended up in a harsh circumstance with no resources, no options and no help from anyone, I was able to pull it together enough to get through. My background is also not the norm. To compare yourself to anyone else is irresponsible, and it all comes back to the basic understanding that I am me, you are you, and therefore how you handled a situation or your expierience really is only relevant to and applies to you, period. I do not judge any other mother at all, regardless of thier circumstance, because thier thoughts , feelings and history are not mine to relate to. You are not an example of the rule, or you are the exception, Every teen age mom should go to counseling, being a parent is so incredibly pschologically and emotionally taxing it isn't even funny. The show was meant to show the REAL side of teen parenting..that it isn't glamourous and fun and easy and babies aren't just cute, cuddly little dolls. Not sure how that is lost on people??',1
'I understand the intended analogy, but the comparisons are nowhere similar in scale.',1
'Yes....As an American...I feel that we ALL have hit the proverbial "jackpot" by having Obama as our president.',1
'Metalhead: He is supposed to be 'everything to everybody'. A bit gay, a bit black, and  he'll steal our freedom 'bit by bit'. \r\n  \r\nHe was made to order.',1
'EVERYONE is going to suffer after a hurricane that does this much damage. No one is going to think that anything is being done fast enough or good enough. That being said, Bush, the governor of Louisiana, and the Mayor of New Orleans did not move fast enough for the people in the dome.',1
'HazyBaby's moniker says a lot about an immature adolescent not understanding how the world works. One thousand miles of the east coast devastated, and they don't have power on Staten Island. The worst gets treated first end of story.',1
'Hey hey hey, dont be dissin' big boobs now!',1
'haha white men are still the preferred mating partner in the United States...ask any Americanized Asian girl',1
'TASTELESS',1
'I think we witnessed the death and final memorial service of "Country Music". Folks, it ain't country!\r\nAs they say, you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a PIG!\r\nIt's rock, it's pop music. It ain't 'country'.\r\n \r\nCountry Music, RIP',0
'The republicans new line of thinking, if it doesn't fit your agenda then it is liberal bias.  Polls don't favor Mitt, just say they are skewed.  Unemployment numbers too positive this close to the election, it is just the government fudging numbers.  95% of the scientific community in agreement that man is creating/speeding along climate change, nah they are bought and paid for by libs.  Akin spewing noise about legitimate rape that you don't like, nope it is just that devil lefty news slant making much ado about nothing.  It is really comical.',1
'A community college student who was overheard by a teacher saying he wanted to leave class to go shoot Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney during a visit to the state has been arrested and charged with inducing panic, police said.',0
'"Many people confuse education with intelligence, but truly intelligent people don't make that mistake"',1
'I'm agnostic and there is no good reason to ban a person from wearing a cross or other religious symbol at their place of work.\r\n \r\nI hope they win their court case.',1
'But if Mainstream Republicans's don't come to their senses...........whe  ​ n will libtards see the reality of their regressive policies on full display in europe? WHEN? carter to reagan, big diff. Bush to nobama NO big diff. I guess liberal policies are bad no matter who tries them. France, spain, greece, hows that working out? Drilling in north dakota, hows that effecting the economy there? How is it libtards are so ignorant, oh thats right emotion based thinking, not historical, not results first, not scientifically proven, just hate the rich and big business. Check Frances political history douchebag, see how that war is panning out and now they want to step on the gas. Now thats forward thiking on full display.',0
'Sheet and rope sales declined last month..\r\n \r\nTranslation: Your boy Mittens is toast.',0
'First that chick in the picture? She aint ever getting a ticket! If you are a good lookin gal -you will have a 95% chance nothing happens other than some chit chat and a chance for the cop to look over your "goods". For guys? Forget it unless you are a senior citizen- you are toast! I have been polite and respectful and look decent and still got tickets that I have heard my daughters and their friends get off on.',1
'Being divorced is the best success. No bull crap to put up with!',1
'And yet look at all the people who are talking about her. She's now famous. She'll probably get a reality show now...',1
'Smart Americans buy the car that they want!!!! You must own a VOLT!!! DUMMMYYYY',1
'Some of these are totally awesome. My dogs would be into it. They love wearing clothes.',1
'Who? Never heard of them. I dont see the fashion in it. to me looks like a pair of tights and a sweater.',1
'My wife of over 20 years has a Masters in Education and Business. I am the VP of the company I work for. I am glad to say that I married up and very happy with the fact that my wife makes more money than I do, I wish she made 10x more than I do. With 50% of our friends now without jobs, I feel lucky. There are alot of people in this country needing jobs right now and a President/Administra  ​ tion who is killing jobs. I can only pray that changes next week.',1
'absolutely!  I've worked the polls in California for 20 years, and I would have made her cover up the shirt too!  Without an apology, I might add.  You cannot try to foist your views on others in a polling place.  It is that simple.',1
'Your picture shows how extremely stupid you are. How can President Obama be both a nazi AND a socialist? Nazi was far right wing (like you FU*KHEADS) and they hated and killed socialists. Nice try, you pretend patriot twat. LOL',1
'I spent $5 on a state lottery ticket.  I got 3 numbers right on the 3rd line and won $3.  Still out $2.  I've won 2 $50 scratch offs.  Then, probably spent more than that trying to win again.  I did have 1 trip to Nevada where I made a couple hundred on slots.  And I won a packet of Buckaroo Banzai pics at a sf con from a blood drive contest.  I've NEVER won at bingo.   \r\n  \r\n"If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all".',1
'Wow, there's news...',1
'Is anyone going to answer no to this question?',1
'Wouldn't it be better to teach the children how to hug appropriately without causing injury?',1
'the only time i spend the money that compares to the prices those ugly @$$ things sell for is when i need a new pair of work boots,\r\na pair of Chippewa's',\r\nthe ones made in this country, not the imports.\r\ni never buy into fashion,\r\nmy wife on the other hand buys all that useless crap.',1
'Was it the professor or was it the subject that traumatized you?\r\nThe 'A' students eyes were no doubt drawn first to the pocket protector.',1
'Shishi-Maru, what a beautiful little creature,',1
'Stopped the U.S. Economy freefall into destruction (thanks GOP/ Bush & Evil Cheney);  Got American Killer Osama Bin Laden;  shoved through Health Care Reform to save Americans from greed ridden incompetent, soul-less 'doctors' Big Pharma, & renegade Insurance companies stripping Americans of their last pennies in 'U.S. Health care"';  saved the U.S. Auto Industry, re-instating FDA to regulate corporate crap food sold to unsuspecting Americans----yeah, that's just for starters!  Raise that right hand Barack!  Get ready for Inauguration Day, 2013 (Aretha, loved the hat!)',1
'When are Republicans and Democrats going to realize neither party is always right or always wrong? This type of thinking is allowing this country to continue it's decline. I have a question for both sides. How do we change 75% of the items in America to say made in the USA instead of made in (Insert Foreign Country Here)? If we are not able to find the solution to this problem soon, we will continue to see the decline regardless of who we elect.',1
'There was once a time when unions were needed, but that time has looong passed by. I'm sure that families and businesses in need of restored power don't care if the guy who gets the power back on is union or not !!',1
'26?  From my experience with peers I have worked or hung around with, you have to be at least 30 years old (or older) to show a bit of maturity.  I'm often finding a lot of people between 18 and 30 who are extremely immature.  When I was 12 or 10, I was far mature than they are at 28 years old...',1
'Lol, I didn't do it, he did!',1
'The Kraken.',1
'The longest line I've ever been stuck in line was waiting for assistance after hurricane Katrina. My heart goes out to all in the northeast. It's going to be a long road to recovery. God Bless y'all.',0
'Fact Check Jack! AnBusch SOLD off their interest in the Cardinals years ago.',1
'Going once, going twice- I'm up to 99 friends on FB and may embargo until at least tomorrow if I get a really cool 100th.  Come play in the land where people sign their real names.  Alternatively, play with a nick, but please tell me who u are and refrain from dirty words or spitting on my walls. \r\n  TIA. \r\n Steve Mayer',1
'When you're a horses' a_ss as Mourdock clearly is, and Robme is for supporting him, as well, there nothing other than some inane methane-laced verbal flatulence to utter.  His handlers will advise him to say nothing.',1
'musiclover.......I don't mean to make light of it...but I'm not sure that your one aunt who got divorced being the only one still alive actually supports the idea that a long marriage is a good thing.',1
'It's not thin skin.  The scientists were trying for a long time to get politicians to take this seriously.  The few politicians in the US who have sided with the actual scientists have been savaged and harassed.  The denialist media makes a point of confusing people on the subject by misrepresenting the science.',1
'Hey Big Sleep, wake up cause Pontoon is the best song thats came out of country in a long long time. But thats just my opinion and I'm entitled to that, I believe.',1
'I would like to see more coverage of Gary Johnson. Lets end the two party system!',1
'I think this is the media making a bigger deal of what she said.   I struggled with a couple of miscarriages around the same time and I can totally empathize with what she was saying.   At the time I hated all pregnant women, regardless of age, their struggles, etc.  Now I have a healthy 4 month old.   It is human nature to have envy and jealousy.   I know most women in her situation would have had similar feelings.   Just like most teenage mothers grow up and are fabulous mothers.   It is easy for any of us to judge when we haven't walked in the others shoes.',1
'Well we all know what they say....  If you lay down with dogs eventually you will end up with fleas.  Maybe this is what almost happened to Cee Lo.  He most likely didn't lay down with her but the fleas are sure attempting to bite.  I don't believe he did it and she is after money.  Cee Lo let this be a lesson and consider it educational, and please stay away from those that think they can use you.  For the gentleman that mentioned that Cee Lo is ugly, please know that there is someone for everyone so be careful calling others ugly.  Cee Lo, Lot's of blessings in  your adventure and be very careful speaking to others about this.  The walls also have ears.  There may be others attempting and waiting to get on board.  They didn't bother you until you got kinda big did they?   Lot's of music to write about with this one.  Isn't it just CRAZY!!!!!!!!',1
'She's just after money, he did no such thing, and x-t-c doesn't knock you unconscious, if it dead then rave parties would be a bunch of people sleeping on the dance floor.',1
'Absolutely true. But I think it's fair to say the market is extremely volatile at times, and stock prices don't exactly match what the price should be.  \r\n For example, when the market tanked in 2008-2009, it certainly dropped below where it should have. And at the end of Clinton's two terms, it was riding irrationally high. \r\n Also, presidents have little control over the stock market, or the economy. But they like to tell us they do, because it makes us think they are more important than they really are.',1
'Only in this country could the lyin Mexican Mormon Moron have such high poll numbers, although still losing. Only the braindead repuke dopes here can't see the light. \r\nHONG KONG — If the rest of the world got to vote, President Obama apparently would be re-elected in a landslide. \r\nA new survey of global opinions for the BBC World Service shows 20 of 21 countries favoring Mr. Obama. France, Australia, Canada, Nigeria and Britain went most heavily for Obama. \r\nThe only country surveyed with a Mitt Romney yard sign on its lawn was Pakistan, which favored the Republican challenger by 14 percent to 11 percent. (Three-fourths of Pakistani respondents had no preference.) \r\nElsewhere in Asia, Chinese respondents preferred Mr. Obama, 28 percent to 9 percent, as did South Koreans (58 to 9); Japanese (33 to 9); Indians (36 to 12); and Malaysians (28 to 13).',1
'Guess what honey? I just filled my diaper!',1
'i've had my ugg's for three years now and i bought them for the warmth, i even wear them without socks because my feet get sooooo hot in them. lol but i like them the thing that bothers me is when you see these grown women who have had there uggs for soooooooooo long that they're leaning to the side and they're still trying to be cute in them.',1
'So they think a beloved pet can be replaced as easily as changing your socks???   How in the world could they make such a mistake?   Very stupid and uncaring people working in that "shelter". A shelter is supposed to be a haven of safety; not a place to be murdered.   Free cremation and free adoption??? Ridiculous and heartless.',1
'why should the white guys learn more than they already do just to be able to live half the lifestyle the minorities do at the rest of societies expense?\r\n \r\ni have forgotten more than most people will ever know,\r\n \r\nwhat more should i learn?\r\n \r\nmaybe brain surgery, so i could find out whether those of you who criticize the likes of me have a brain or it's just an ameba's natural reaction.\r\n \r\ni know i'm just tired of being told i get so much from life, when actually i get far less than those who do the least.',1
'...does she walk...?  all the time laying...',1
'"Their children"?\r\n \r\nDid they make them all by themselves?',1
'ok, 1st off, Unions are needed now more than ever. corporate greed and the fantasy world to many live in that they are going to be the rich CEO some day have destroyed the middle class which was predominatly UNION workers, yes some unions are over paid, look at pro atheletes. but the majority that actually need unions have been so brain washed that unions are bad they are in decline. should all the professions currently covered by Unions be so, even i dont argee with that. but unions force employers to pay fair labor costs, provide benifits and pensions. not stick ever penny they get from twisting politicians arms to give them more breaks, raid pensions and such forth. very good example, walmart employees are paid so little in this country they collect 1.56 BILLION  dollars in benifits from the goverment, but walmart made 200 Billion in profit. but if walmart even hears of unionization efforts here they wipe the crew out and start fresh with " pro- right to work" idiots',1
'Guitar control is obviously needed!  Let's make owning a guitar illegal!!  OMG!  Call the press!',1
'I agree.  After 20 years of marriage, continually employed for all of those years, raising a family without any government aid - my wife berates me for being "boring, tired all the time" and "bitter".  All the while she adores her friends' husbands who are unemployed, hooked on drugs and/or otherwise scamming the system.  These "men" , according to her, are "spontaneous, fun-loving, carefree" people...',1
'Humph, sounds like were we're heading here.',1
'Democrats have been politically exploiting children forever.  The children are no better off.',1
'Somebody has an Android, LOL.',1
'Stop feeding the troll.',1
'That is the definitiion of a true friend.',1
'Cut the price, people may not have the extra money to spend.  There are 5 in my house.  My grocery bill is as much as my house payment.  Everything goes up but pay, it seems like now a days.  I love my uggs so do my kids.  5 people in the house @ $150 a pair.  We all wear them and love them but can't afford to buy everyone a new pair every year.',1
'Cocaine',1
'ROYAL....Don't know that Bernanke or the FEDS and Administrations(both  ​ ) had any other choices they had ran out of bullets...QE1-2-3 may have been one of the few answers to thwart off chaos...\r\n \r\nThe alternative was going to be terrible...We are all biting the bullet except the super wealthy and the elite....But even some of them lost substancial value...BUT THE MAJORITY OF THEM HAVE BOUNCED BACK...And are further ahead today because of it....Doing quiet well.\r\n \r\nI don't handle the CDs or Savings Dept...Miss Lilly does and she is not happy....And I have beat her every year except one in the Investment Dept...That was 2008.\r\nThere are much better, but sometimes higher risk as you know plans or instruments, guess I would strive to that end if I was unhappy about my wealth growth.\r\nThe main reason for QE3 now is to stave off severe inflation as I see it...Maybe not ??',1
'I reside in SOCA....why the bloody hell would I wear a pair of FUGLYUGGY boots?  \r\n \r\nActually, they are rather comfortable but hideous looking  and a\r\npair of classic ugg are ridiculously priced. However,  Deckers has a wide range of gorgeous\r\ncomforttable sandals each year. Worth the price.  They even have an Italian line at the\r\nconcept stores.   \r\n \r\nLet hollywood sport the damn look.',1
'You got to love Republican debate.  Jokebama,  Blowbama, Owebama....YO MAMA~! \r\nSo clever....',1
'Speedoes! My goodness, why would any man want to wear them?! I say we leave the speedoes to the women beachgoers! haha',1
'No Rhonda, if you read my response, it doesn't say I agree with exploiting children in any way. It has to do with the manner in which this board went about suing an Iconic American publicly traded company. If that is the way they go about recieving money for their retirees, then we as a country are in trouble, in that these boards will go to any means, as to sue. I don't know if you eat chocolate, but if these countries produce 70% of the cocoa world wide, then if no companies buy from them, they would be no chocolate.',1
'you too hun',1
'The UE rate went up, but 175,000 jobs were created? BS, MSN  must require an Obama button to be worn by all employees, or they will lose their jobs? Just as always, MSN accentuates anything that remotely might help Obama. while ignoring any downside for Obama. Obama says he created five million jobs, and MSN leaves out the fact that 4.5 million jobs were lost in the same time frame. MSN can't seem to wait until Obama makes this country a communist country.',1
'Look I'm no fan of todays banks or CC outfits but IMHO it's no reason to ban credit cards. I don't give a hoot if they charge 1000%. People need to step up, grow up and take charge of their own affairs. Not willing to play the credit card game then like you did is pay them off cut them up and toss them. Make the CC company's come begging to you to use their product at a decent rate or you won't carry one. I really believe 90% of this countrys problems today are Americans playing the poor victim role and wanting government to step in and save them from themselves. Drowning oneself in debt on most occasions is their own fault. \r\n  \r\nBTW one incentive to saving and savers would be for the FED to get out of our lives and let interest rates find their own level. Both on loans and interest paid to those of us who do save and pay cash for the things we purchase or pay cash to zero out our CC purchases each month. I'm an old fart, old fashon and truly believe Americans have turned into a group of cry babies. Like many I've been broke before but learned my lesson.',1
'Gov. Romney showed his tax returns, gimp.\r\n--------------------  ​ ---------\r\nliar...',1
'Good, glad someone else feels the same.  I come from a long line of family members loving country music, going to see live performances since the late 1950's and I agree with this comment 100+%.  I have asked this question from Swifts first song.  She is NOT country, CAN NOT sing and has NO TALENT. Make the CMA's worlds better; just don't have her there again....',1
'hey these idiots voted for me,',1
'well let new york an nj  sit in the dark an when the next storm comes  let it be washed away . an there will be more storms  , an so nounion truck drivers  of gas  dont deliver your fuel at any stations  same goes for food anm medical help  let them walk an eat there princeables  i hate to say this but its america  so if any one from nj ny  needs help  than  show your union card first otherwise  leave them be . so dont cry when no gas  or food show up you are on your own now   i feel or can only speak for my self but i dont want to here from ny or nj ever again stock markt or tv  or newspaper  nothing  let them sit in the dark  to high horse for the rest of the country  sorry thats the way i feel',1
'Well, I was flooded out by Katrina, and you are full of sh*t. Flooding in New Orleans didn't occur until after Katrina was over. That is when the levies failed, compared to Sandy, that was yesterday, and the day before. Bush did nothing for a week.',1
'I, Barack Obama, am totally clueless about everything, and I approve this message .....',1
'How can you be down on cartoons when you have Obummer/Joke Biteme in the White House?',1
'All credit card companies LIE on the applications.  There is always something HIDDEN in the paperwork.  Best thing get one card only and pay it off each month.  They really hate you when you do this.  The are nothing but blood suckers.',1
'This reminds me of the words of a great philosopher\r\n \r\nHERES YOUR SIGN  !!!!',1
'There is a slight difference between kids here or there helping on the family farm and children forced to work at gunpoint.   \r\nAll of the companies that use these supplies can make a difference in these practices.  It won't change overnight, but it can change.',1
'She is just sooo adorable, flawless, talented, she IS an American Idol! I cant wait to see her when she comes to San Antonio Next year for her extended Blown Away Tour. WooHoo!! Carrie Underwood you are such an inspiration to a lot of us. Thank You!',1
'"Babe, you gotta stop being a cry baby.  My military daddy don't play that.  Just yesterday, he taught me how to crawl under barbed wire."',1
'Liberals and Unions go together real well. Both are corrupt, arrogant self righteous and can't see the whole picture. Some people can't get off their high horse long enough to even just accept help and put difference behind them. Not even for a disaster.',1
'I can't stand Jason Brock. He's like a big fat old lame version of Adam Lambert. And I'm not alone. Here are some things I collected from the Web:\r\n  \r\n "the unofficial love child of Elton John and Adam Lambert" \r\n "is Adam Lambert – if Adam Lambert ate a small child" \r\n "looked like a poor-man's Adam Lambert" \r\n "the low-rent Adam Lambert wannabe" \r\n "like a plus-sized Adam Lambert" \r\n "a combination of adam lambert and damien from mean girls" \r\n "like Adam Lambert meets Jack Black" \r\n "looked like Adam Lambert on helium-filled, cream doughnuts" \r\n "Somebody ate Adam Lambert"',1
'Well if she is going to slam 16 and pregnant (which by the way, I think does a great job of illustrating how the lives of these young girls changed instantly when that baby came into the world, and their childhood and teenage years were forever removed), then I'd like to slam her for her constant use of the "safe zone" phrase in her show, talking about being past 12-weeks and therefore the pregnancy is "safe." Given her own baby struggles, you think she of all people would know there is no "safe zone" in pregnancy, and many of us have lost a baby well beyond the "safe zone," if not right before or during delivery. Every time she said "safe zone," those of us who have been unlucky enough to experience a late-term "miscarriage," stillborn or worse, were kicked in the gut. I love Guliana, but she should know better given her experience in this arena. Guilana - now that you have a baby, you are not a pregnancy/parent expert...just like everyone other parent, you are learning every day, just like those young girls.',1
'I heard this story three times last week. It's been reported',1
'Yeah BigDaddy...We have some success stories in our family, when it comes to College Grads..\r\nThey have to be ambitious and diligent....And not just educated.\r\n \r\nBut in many ways some kids are coming out with Educations in the Low demand fields...\r\nThey are being sold a bill of goods by some of the educators.',1
'Fiskers catch fire WITHOUT salt water. I have not heard of ONE Tesla catching on fire. Fisker has recalled most of its fleet for various reasons. No Tesla recalls.',1
'Boy have you missed the point.  Uggs aren't a fashion statement.  They hit the big time because they were practical, warm and reasonably priced.  Now the product has diminished in quality and the  price makes no sense.  That's a simple price/value problem.  Add that to the current economy and the greedy parent company is getting it's just desserts.',1
'Did they put this article in a blender?  Does MSN have editors?  There are many repeated sentences.  WTH?',1
'I'm on my 2nd Corolla now and both exceed their MPG ratings no problem....briganomi  ​ cs, you must must have a heavy foot because I know Camry's will easily exceed their EPA rating as well...',1
'No, because I'm not STUPID enough to take naked pictures of myself or anyone else.',1
'Understanding that a marriage is not a 50%-50% proposition. The buck must stop with the Alpha partner of the marriage. It is impossible to have both making the final decision.',1
'It looks like someone who has had little sleep that is smiling for a camera.  I don't understand the big deal.',1
'@smalley50\r\nShut up, fraggle. How did you even compose that post while lathering Rush Limbaugh's and Bill O'Reilly's nuts? You are a consummate multi-tasker, sir.',1
'I am a union employee. All they try to do is get benefits for people such as medical and a pension. Without unions we all make less. Your boss will pay you the least amount they can. Dont fool yourself. Unions are the last thing standing between rich and poor. Guess what side you will be on. What would you do if someone took your job for less............',1
'shocker its the 1 woman Obama fan club.  Youre an idiot Laurel',1
'My husband got a 18 mph over the limit ticket and so we went to the court and asked the Judge for traffic school and the judge said yes even though he was not eligible. I think it helped also that we were not the first to see him and he had to listen to the ridiculous excuses the people were telling him it was comical what they were coming up with. All my husband said was "Guilty with a request" and the judge said "Ok you get 1 request" and my husband said "Traffic school" the judge thought that odd until he looked at how fast he was going.',0
'If you name a beneficiary on your IRA then the money goes to them and does not go through probate (it trumps a will). So if you update the will and not your bene the will would have no effect on the IRA and vice versa. \r\nThe money inherited from an IRA is not taxed until it is withdrawn and then I believe it is just taxed as regular income. I inherited an IRA in 2010 from my Grandma. I did the stretch option so I annual payments from the account. If it went to her estate, then it is up to whatever the will says and for the courts to interpret it. I believe it gets taxed differently too (worse tax consequences to have it go through probate). Wills also get contested all the time and probate follows a heirarchy when something is left to question. Naming a beneficiary on the account takes care of all of those things.\r\n \r\nI work in the financial industry. I find it a best practice to name a beneficiary on all accounts that you can do so. All of my retirement accounts have a beneficiary named (IRA, 401k, etc) as does my regular brokerage account (TOD-Transfer on Death designation). No I am not rich and I am also young but as someone who lost their mom to cancer early (she was 36) I started my planning early. I just had a friend create a will and trust for me (trust needed since my son is only 12 and I'm a single mom). It doesn't matter how much or how little you have; planning is very important. If I didn't do anything it would still probably all go to my son but then his father would have custody and his father (who I do get along with) does not know how to manage his money (major issue for our divorce). It would all get spent and proably irresponsibly and not on what I want. So I am taking care to make sure that doesn't happen just in case.\r\nNaming a bene on an IRA also has the perk of not having to deal with the courts and the time it takes. All you do is send a deth certificate in and they will send the docs to move the account into your name. It really isn't as bad as this article makes it sound. A spouse bene has it made and the easiest options since they get the account as if it were their own. Non-spouse is a little trickier only because of the 5yr or the strethch option. I usually tell people to set up the stretch option and if you ever need more money you can take it but at the very least you are not being forced to take it all withing 5 years and being taxes on it all up front. If you spread it out you also spread out the taxes.',1
'SuperBeast\r\n \r\nNo, but I eat your mothers Pu$$y withnit. and she moans to the high heavens.',1
'What's your point, loser. You are a hate-monger looking for ways to undermine. Get a REAL life. I was in Akron recently. Tough area for work right now. Republicans shipped your jobs and economy to China. Why not go ahead and vote in the next one, maybe this one just bulldozes your neighborhoods over and moves illegal immigrants in. We just had FOUR YEARS of all out war against one man. Don't you think that says an awful lot about why?',0
'alot in imagination goes into that stuff',1
'serious, rain???? :-(',1
'wow i love how this has a 42-12 thumbs up. im guessing old conservatives on welfare with no jobs. get a life.',1
'you don't have many followers Mr. Gann Wannabe...',1
'Wonderful to hear this; He is a good soul and deserves all the good karma that is surely going to be coming his way....',1
'Main Stream Republicans......The  ​ ​ Election of 2012 is your chance to get the REAL Republican Party  back.....Voting for President Obama will send the message that Extremists are NOT ALLOWED...a Romney win would empower the Ultra Far Right Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Party Wacko's who call themselves REPUBLICANS....... \r\n SEND THE MESSAGE VOTE:   OBAMA/BIDEN 2012',1
'I would go ballistic if it was my dog.of course i would be in jail.',1
'Just one more reason I am homeschooling my child.',1
'Racist propaganda, not all Black people use Marijuana.  Believe it or not we are not borg like, we all have different ideas and live our lives in different ways.',1
'Isn't it just a big cycle. The fifties rock was a little country. Elvis Presley for one.  Then in the seventies pop moved closer to country .Elvis Presley, Glen Cambell, Conway Twitty, John Denver were all classified and pop, rock and country. The Stray Cats were Rockibilly, Then Hank Williams Jr. began to draw the pop crowd back to country. People got hooked and country became cool. Yes. I was country before it became cool. So don't git your panties in a bunch and watch it happen again.',1
'If Jersey workers turned help away in a state that has been declared to be in a state of emergency and a federal disaster area, should they not be charged with hindering or harming rescue operations?  Find those New Jersey workers and arrest them NOW!',1
'Where did you get married at?',1
'we're going on 41 years married, together 43 years (we were high school sweethearts, started dating at 15; no one gave us 6 months).  Best way to stay happy together....laugh often, take time for each other, and have pillow fights;  also tell each other "I love you" at least once a day, more is better. (texting  it often is great too)',1
'Sounds like a good deal to me!',1
'I got mine!',1
'clinton "fixed" the yearly shortfall which was our most recent start in decades toward turning this tide.   \r\n  \r\nand of course that change didn't last very long',0
'If media thinks they both suck. Then give each one a garden hose with a golf ball and see who sucks the golf ball through first.',1
'Google Turtle Maps wasn't invented!',1
'@Reichwing Cock Knocker: Sorry Brah, I don't speak pretend patriot douchebag.',1
'Liberals will believe anything Osama Obama says even though most of it is BS and defies logic:  Benghazi was caused by a mysterious vidio; America is in the midst of a great recovery; Moochi is a kind and gentel woman---',1
'This Show is Awesome!',1
'What is this?  What ethnicity is she trying to hide.  Her overdone mascara sais Asian, Her caked on foundation  sais black, but her bleach blonde dyed hair sais white.   See what advertising and the media is doing to our children, Its making them feel embarrased and not good enough just so they can make a dollar.  I feel bad for you ms. minaj',1
'Good one!',1
'This is a purely musical question.  I was listening to country music on the radio today and a song with "Mary" used repeatedly in it was ASTONISHING.  Anyone know the tune and singer?  It was probably someone I like but I haven't listened to a great deal. \r\n Cyclops 703',1
'Are you really that oblivously stupid? This is not a NEWS page it is a TRENDING page. What is TRENDING means what is HAPPENING, what are people READING the most. You humans are so stupid you make the stupid tree cry cause all of its sticks have been used and (massively) abused.',1
'Never bring a gun to a gas fight!',1
'If this was a story about how the machine kept changing the vote to, Romney it would be plastered on every major news station in america, instead of hidden on this back page. What gives, sounds pretty fishy to me, I guess Obama figures he can't win honestly. I see where both parties have already hired attorneys, just for such an event. Her we go again just like Bush and Gore. America is growing more and more corrupt each day, I bet our founding fathers are turning in their graves.',1
'Mother Earth is an ever evolving entity.  Man tries very hard to place items on the Earth as “permanent items” and Mother Earth reminds man who is really in charge.  I mean really, who builds permanent housing and buildings at sea level or just above sea level and expects it to last???  Water will go anywhere it damn well please and we all know that.  There is no common since in that approach.  The other side of the coin is YES!!! Man has been exponential viscous with how we have treated Mother Earth and her wrath will prove to us, we have done her wrong!!!!!!',0
'when it comes to men and education the trends over the last 20-25 years show a serious decline in the achievement of boys and young men.  it begins in elementary school and follows them throughout life.  the reason for this is many and varied.  but the truth is our culture in embracing girls (no problem with that, i have three daughters) has turned its back on the education as it relates to boys.  I have two boys also and am strongly involved in their education and life.  it is the only way i can battle a situation that their mother and i find troubling.',1
'A cop that shows up to court to face the alleged traffic violator is a happy jack with nothing better to do with his time. If I was a young attractive female when I was pulled over for speeding you can bet I would have only received a warning, Cops are not fair when it comes down to gender and many of them are more crooked than bankers!',1
'royaltoiletflush said:\r\n"A punk- is a person who has a bone to pick with the profit driven world"\r\n \r\nYa got that right...i means to do anything possible to sink the corporate thieves (Madoff, Hedge Funds, Broker houses, Bush, Paulsen etc.) and slimeballs who pilfered this once great country.',1
'"I am saddened by what is implied by the title of this Column."\r\n\r\nI hadn't read it that way, but now that you've nudged me that direction Cam, I too have a knot in my stomach.',1
'A total disappointment for me.  Guess the real country is dead and resurrected with this new stuff --don't even know what to call it.  The guys don't even wear cowboy boots--just some lace-up motorcycle lookin things.  I turned it off and went to bed with my cat : (',1
'No.  There was  a net growth of jobs.  You don't understand how the numbers are calculated; however, the unemployment rate can go up if more people indicate that they are looking for jobs.  I do agree the numbers are anemic.',1
'Its also a trash city.... Albuquerque is riddled with massive amounts of Methamphetamine....E  ​ very white and hispanic there isn't nothing but trash derived with bad teeth from the speed epidemic cast upon your nappy society of addicts... Even the injuns there are cast members of the dope occult..... Hahahahahaha.. You're white trash living in a trash city.....Open up your next dinner can..... You can find nine lives and alpo in your mothers basement..... MMMMM Alpo meatloaf straight from the can... enjoy the jelly that goes with it drug addict',0
'Anyone with a conscience.  Kudos for LA for passing this law.  Unfortunately once you mix money and animals, it never has a good outcome.',1
'Fake spider in the soup..',0
'So I can't wear my T-Shirt that says  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nWashington D.C. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man B.O.OB 2012 R & R',0
'This happens way too often. Why do they not come up with an identification collar similar to the bracelets used in hospitals. Then the id and number have to be checked when a pet is taken out of the cage for any reason. Seems like a fairly lower cost simple way to prevent this kind of tragedy.',1
'I went to christian private school and they had strict rules on PDA, but they didn't care if people of the same or opposite sex hugged as long as it didn't last too long (you know, the "friend hug" vs the "i like you and want to hold you" hug).',1
'If it were not for those "urges" women would not have any control over men.  That would make their lives a nightmare.',1
'Gee, your name says it all- and so does your response. Get a life.',1
'I really don't mind the bird. I enjoy this picture and just ignore what was typed. Here pretty bird - click click click - here pretty birdy.',1
'@timodo\r\nOh, a memory you brought back. As kids we lived on a street that went uphill, and at the top, we always rushed to get to this one lady's house. She dressed as a witch, and had a large kettle in the front yard with a fire under it, and she had a large ladel that she stirred this chocolate milk in. We couldn't wait to get a cup of that hot chocolate. She had all the bells and whistles. Dressed as a witch, with a wart on her nose, a broom against the house, gobblins all over. It was great. Thank you for banging an old memory out of my draining brain.',1
'im agreed with steve im always thinking about ours AMERICAN BOMBS going down into neigborhood full of inocent people and no one in this country of freedon say nothing not even one pray for those inocents.',1
'It's true.  They call them Blue Dog Democrats.',1
'I saw a great "your tax dollars at work" type of story today.  A kid at ASU just won about $4 million bux  and a bracelet in the WSOP (World Series of Poker).  Good to see how the kids are spending their time in school while they're not torrnenting and studying. \r\n Steve Mayer',1
'Aughhh! Maggie, you caught me on here after I was sure I was leaving for a while! If you delete the account I send notes to you on, be sure to let me know. :)  Have a good day!!',1
'And the future mother of the year award goes to....',1
'tax payer, Im sure you mean Bush Lied and americans died, right? How is that search for weapons of mass deception going? Dumb azz!',1
'your claims of the Spanish settling here on this continent first and how they "DUKED" it out with the Mayans,\r\nyeah sure they duked it out with the Mayans,\r\nthey slaughtered them as they have done every civilization all over the planet,\r\nwhich is why the Spanish language is so prevalent on every continent except Africa,',1
'Didn't realize the taser was loaded my @ss.  Police carry the damned things charged and ready to go, just like their sidearms.  You're not going to confront someone and then ask that they put their violent rampage on hold until you lock and load.\r\n \r\nI foresee a huge lawsuit.',1
'OH ! SUE THE SHELTER BIG TIME SHUT THEM DOWN,HOW DARE THEM ACT LIKE IT OK JUST A DOG HERE PICK ANOTHER ONE.WHEN YOU HAVE A DOG FRO A LONG TIME YOU BOND WITH THEM AND THEY BECOME PART OF THE FAMILY FOR LIFE.\r\n  TAKE THE FREE CRAMATION DON'T SIGN ANYTHING GO TO A LAWYER WHO LOVE ANIMAL AND SUE THE THEIR **** FOR EVERYTHING THEY HAVE !!!!',1
'Yes.. it is too bad that the projects were neutered or the ball dropped by state legistlatures. \r\n  \r\nA lot of roads were repaired though, and a lot of work was done.  We're a lot further along in the recovery than countries that bought into austerity, and their debts didn't get better. \r\n  \r\nI wonder who could have predicted that.. OH YEAH!!  Traditional macro theory that's been in place since the 30s.',1
'that is sooooooooooooooo bad............you should be ashamed of yourself............  ​ bad',1
'Does anyone know how much "green house " gas is emitted by 16 burning "green "cars ???',1
'No, if it were true then my son in law would be a genius!!! LOL!',1
'Rules that violate the First amendment should be banned.',1
'" I can't believe , you folks believe that whatever comes out of my mouth is true."',0
'I posted that after I saw you had switched pictures. So I didn't mean that to sound snide. It was a compliment on making a smart decision. :)  I am totally hot, so I can't post my picture! hahahahahaha Joking. ;)  Have a great day Lulabell!',1
'I think that theory goes out the window if there is a large cleveage factor...',1
'Jojo, you are full of it. Romney is going to lose so quit spouting your ****.',1
'"For those that NEED a car that has personality (maybe because theirs is lacking??)"\r\n \r\nFrosty:   The irony in your statement is most people purchase vehicles the MIMIC their personality, not oppose it.  So what does that say about yours?\r\n \r\nMy personal experience is that (as a generalization) Toyota drivers are the worst, slowest drivers on the road with no concept of road manners or a "fast lane".  They go 5 miles under the speed limit (presumably for fuel economy?) in the left lane and then cant seem to figure out why you want around them?!  I loathe ending up behind a Toyota, especially on a road trip.   My wife and I actually make a game out of it on road trips counting the brands that drive us completely crazy, and I can tell you Toyota has NEVER lost that game!\r\n \r\nAnd Frosty, I too have "fun toys".  I have a Corvette, travel trailer, jet skiis and an ATV.  Bla bla bla.  So what.  And I would dispute your claim about Toyota having "class leading power".  Since when?!\r\n \r\nOK, rant over.',1
'HUH?????',1
'You think it's bad today with the name calling and baiting.  Just wait until Monday.  It's gonna get UGLY!',1
'Still a lot better MPG than most American cars can get.  Congress should have stayed out of it when American car makers said they could not get the MPG that federal law mandated.  Instead the dumb As$es kept giving them extensions.  They could have gotten better mileage years ago but for the inteference of congress.  Another reason to dump all incumbents.',1
'don't be playing with your gun dumbie',1
'Historically, the market has done much better with a Dem in the WH.With most of the \r\nmedia being right wing, you`ll never hear that from the press.It was up 228% with Clinton, down 37% \r\nwith Bush and up over 60% with Obama.Our right wing press never mentions that.',1
'jw-I am retired and I agree with what you said. No one appreciates that you are retired, except you and your family. Sadly, many people will never realize this dream. Everyone is trying to raise revenue from anyone who has any disposable income. I am not sure what the future holds for current retirees.',1
'Kudos to the hotel owner above, choosing to help people rather than take the easy route. People won't forget that, his business will thrive because of it. It will all come back to him and then some.',1
'The one mosquito that continues to haunt my tent, camping season after camping season.',1
'Where can I get i-f$#&d?',1
'Well thank you for keeping the park clean. I detest litter.',1
'I think women should shave whatever they want to.  BUT, any man wanting a woman that looks like a child......wants a child.\r\nJust my humble opinion.   You perverts.',1
'Am I the only one who thinks Mr. Burns looks and acts just like Dick Cheney ???????????',1
'Yeah and these same peeps beleave that global warming is man made!',1
'Mitt should look so sincere...never happen!',1
'just more Sandy news used to cover up the President's lack of prudence in fulfilling his duties, actually proving his derilection of duty,...............  ​ A G A I N !!!!!',1
'I believe there is something to that,  but it's very infrequent.  I have witnessed it a few times, and believe we all have that ability to a certain degree.  I wouldn't rely on it.',1
'Interesting...I signed on with a great company last Jan during Obama's presidency...so I call BS on this 'typical righty' ruse.',1
'Will they just put a twin-turbo 6 cylinder in it and give it to us already?!    This is far to beautiful a car to go down like this.  Get rid of the electric drivetrain crap and let me have it!',1
'I have an 05 camry and at 80 I still exceed 30 mpg at slower speeds I have gotten up to 38 mpg...take yours back something is wrong with it.  I have 260,000 on mine never touched anything but the brakes and plugs.  I will be pissed if they  have ruined the mpg.  because I am planning on a new one next year.',1
'Meatloaf is endorsing Romney too!',1
'sorry....but to win Entertainer of the Year....you need to entertain!  And who has done that more this past year then Kenny Chesney (nope, not a big fan) and Jason Aldean (BIG fan).  It could have gone to either one of them..been to their concerts...it's the ultimate in entertainment. Saw Blake at Country Thunder in Wisconsin this summer...the crowd NEVER warmed up to him..he don't play guitar too well (and even admits it). Some might say that due to Aldean's "indiscretion" he lost the award! REALLY...nothing to do with his performances. Sorry, but these awards and others like it are not longer based on a performer's real performance in the world of entertainment.  I feel sorry for both Kenny and Jason who were so much more deserving then Blake.  Maybe they both need to get their own reality shows (by the way, those are "fixed" as well).',1
'Shishi-Maru  is NOT cute maybe what he is possing for is cute but focus on his face he looks evil . You guys need  eye glasses to see better.',1
'Hey MSN, where is the pic of what Trump would look like with a shaved head? \r\n Was is too scary to post?',1
'That owner deserves the nobel Peace Prize.',1
'He's jealous because now he's not the only one who's penetrated her.',1
'It's already ended. Done. Dead. Even blue grass has gone uptown so much it's hardly recognizable as blue grass.',1
'Sorry Evil Chris, but beating ABS isn't much of a victory to speak of.  Considering the source...',1
'bananas are great ripened on the tree/plant',1
'my future ex wife.',1
'Beautiful women, ones they mingle with  a man of their choices  after a little wile with their ayes and mind they start to thinking that she made a poor choice and she could have done way better and that wen  the betrayal begin no matter how good looking her partner would be!......One note from me, live the beauty with the beauty and the simple man should looking for the simple and down to earth women the chance would that they will have along and a happy relation with out separation and better children. end of quote',0
'I will NEVER be NON UNION again.\r\nI am tired of being overlooked for my efforts and pushed aside so the managers "buddy" gets the raise or promotion.  If I am not in the clique my work is no good. BS..  Level playing field, no favoritism.\r\nBeing non union means being a company suck-A**..period\r\nAlso, as far as being lazy goes, any "good supervisor" can find a way to fire the employee for not doing his/her job.\r\nIts the management that needs higher standards for hiring employees anyway. \r\nMost union haters are jealous because they have something in their past that prohibits getting hired by union companies.\r\nMy company can and will not hold 'anything' against me for refusing to do work that is unsafe, or unethical, etc.',1
'Why shouldn't kids hug? What is a hug related injury? Is that even possible? Even when I feel the crappiest, a hug will pick me up in a heartbeat. SHEEEESH!!',1
'Didnt  Lotus go under?  Who will make the Tesla body now?',1
'He is a scary individual.  We need him out of the White House.  I can only hope the lemmings are outnumbered by people who care about this country.',1
'Blonde Betty Boop wrote: "It wasn`t near that amount for Solyndra.There`s plenty of waste in the military,\r\nlike trillions over a period of time, and no, I don`t hate the military.It`s just stupid for people to bring up Solynra." \r\nIf you read a little more carefully, you'll see that I wrote Solyndra etc. Actually, Solyndra alone would about cover the storm.\r\n \r\n Why is it stupid to bring up "Stupid" mistakes? You can't wait to bring up all the stuff that YOU don't agree with..',1
'I haven't heard of this bs. I am part of a nonunion line crew leaving in morning for NY that's just lies told by repuplicans.They are begging us to hurry up.',1
'Gun rights were expanded with the national parks mainly because it was an amendment to a bill Obama wanted.  He didn't seek out expanding gun rights...it was incidental to his actual goal.  He's stated a will to institute an assault weapons ban which, in real terms, means a ban on scary looking semi-autos.  Don't believe me, search what makes a weapon an assault weapon and machine gun isn't the answer.  He also said "cheap handguns" are part of the problem.  Once this man wouldn't face reelection, we'll see the real Barack Hussein Obama.  He took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution...that means the whole thing...now going after guns would violate his oath...he's an enemy of the state.',1
'Below me is a racist minority',0
'self like',1
'"My goodness, that thing was HUGE, and very tasty!" \r\n  \r\nThat's what she said! - Michael Scott',1
'Climate-gate was a hoax - not by the scientists, but by denialist media-moguls to contrive a conspiracy where none existed.  Your cartoon "understanding" of science and science history does not refute the actual science of global warming.',1
'Sharks!  Amazing beautiful animals but I have a very healthy respect for them!',1
'November surprise illegal.....start packing your bags....don't forget to stock up on Charmin....yuk yuk.',1
'Paying more for the product on the front end, you realize, will raise the price of candy on this side. Further, if we use this argument as a model, and call all food industries to the same standard, we may cause huge price increases in various foods here at home. I would tend to give Hershey the benefit of the doubt, after reading the post of AfricanGirly...',1
'Hoping Veterans weekend is clear ....:)',1
'They watched the news about Katrina and did like Americans in other parts of the USA do, they turned around and did something else, glad it was not them.  When it became their turn in the pot, they did like many Americans do, they thought, it won't happen to us!',1
'I am trying to figure out why you people are giving thumbs down when others have such cute comments to give. I love cats, birds, horses, mostly dolphins they all make good pets. Animals like lions, tigers, bears oh my they don't make good pets they want to be free so they can roar! I love cats all kinds even black onesi with the darkest green eyes that look at you for love and support. Anyone who abuses animals need jail time. I am a dream of owning my own horse ranch taking care of starving horses and other animals who are hurting are most welcome even a homeless bat can come inside. You guys might think I am a bit strange but animals they love people too just look at shows like "Lassie" "Flipper" iThere was a story about a cat who saved her kittens from a burning home. Would you keep going inside a burning home to savei people? the mother cat was burned herself but she got adopted by a loveing family and all her kittens too. I thought that is a sweet story to share. I like it when there is news about animals keep up the good work.',1
'All this was reported on.....about 4 years ago.....you're a little behind the times.',1
'geez, cut the red tape, I think you need to spell it out more for these folks...',1
'....Your call is important to us.... please hold for the next available agent....',1
'Some people are grossed out by different things. Hes not a bad man for this, just different. People are so quick to critisize someone they know nothing about.  On the other hand, my husband was trying to get some a week after I had my son lol.',1
'."With most of the media being right wing, you`ll never hear that from the press.." I see why you're a Natural Blonde.......',1
'No- but I did buy a pair of good quality boots at Squaw Valley ski shop- mink suede on the outside and lambs wool on the inside. In 1968 they were $75.00 and that was an astronomical price then. They were extremely comfortable and had shape- not like the UGG boots. Wore like iron. Wish I knew who the manufacturers were- never seen them since.',1
'Look, another camera whore',1
'nothing comes to anyone for free, one way or another you pay. There are no free lunches, no buy one get one free, no free without purchase, no try it for free, at no costs to you for a certain  amount of days and then pay only....',1
'O.O Where is that house?',1
'communicating - honestly',1
'O.K., then we can start charging for all of the deportations and incurred expenses going back that far. Sound's like a plan, doesn't it?',1
'Why don't you do a story on how in the hell the president is controlling the gas supply.. and if he was, why he lets it only sell at world oil market prices, and let it run out in these places in the first place.\r\n \r\nPoint being, if you think the president of this country is in control of the gas supply, you need to go retake your high school basic economics class.\r\n \r\nDERP',1
'Sign him up for pro boxing or MMA; he could beat up a shark...',1
'She can't  keep her legs shut.  That's what she is famous for. Those wide hips makes her good breeding stock.',1
'I feel like she takes care of me, she feels like I take care of her.  (It's called appreciating each other)    And we both Understand that if one of us 'wins' a fight, 'we' lose.\r\nOldest grand-daughter is 18.  I guess we have been together for a while.',1
'You've got to be kidding!  College applications at secular schools do not ask your religion.   \r\n  \r\nThe other presidents haven't released their records either.  How did Bush I or II do?  Regan was he a scholar?  We know that Clinton was based on this awards (Phi Beta Kappa) but not due to knowing his grades.',1
'Tips are an "earned" addition to the cost, not a "give me".\r\n \r\nIf your employer can't pay a decent wage, then you should work somewhere else.\r\n \r\nYou are NOT the CUSTOMER's waitstaff. You work for the business.\r\n \r\nI useuall leave from 25% to 30% tips, but, that is my choice, not the worker's.',1
'Honesty, teamwork, compromise and real love. (42 yrs)',1
'There's zero incentive for me to get any exercise either.  I do it because it's something I should do.  I can't expect someone else to economically incentivize me for doing something I'm doing anyway.',1
'did the incident happen following the statement...watch this ? You can't just bump a gun and have it go off. Someone was handling his weapon when he shouldn't have.',1
'lol,   I'm saying that to me (and we all have our opinion)  Nancy resemble's Yoko when she was younger.  The thick eyebrows, wide set dark eyes, dark skin and hair (even the part in the center).   She is very quiet also, as Yoko was.     \r\nI never blames Yoko for the break up either.     I think John wanted her by his side most of the time, if not all the time.',1
'I like weather!.......and turtles!',0
'Oh and obviously the first date (if not the first 5 to 10 dates) should be covered by the man to show he is romantically interested.  Soon after that if it's going well sharing should be introduced, like you mean it.  That's how I see it...',1
'I have President Obama wining the Electoral College   332 min ,    347 max  \r\n Poplar Vote    53 to 55%   President Obama....',1
'Just like the Romney folks to LIE about everything. Can't you Idiots read they said the story is not TRUE!!!',1
'Rape is a heinious form of murder that leaves the victim alive physically, but the person that was, will never be there again.\r\nThe only justifiable rape is the mental rape of forcing reality into the minds of idiots.  ANY other type of rape should carry the death penalty.',1
'Lie, lie, lie...it is unlikely to impact your plan unless you don't have insurance now.',1
'Hijacking every photo-op they can --- but that's what ANY politician does. The Democratic Party is an embarrassment.  I am ashamed I ever voted for them the more I learn of their plan to strip citizens of their liberty, all in the name of taking care of people. \r\n Worst part is that the 'Pubs vote that way too more and more lately in order to gain favor across the aisle.  We are being sold out by the two party system...',1
'Dont go by an article written by MSN. \r\nDo your research with other media outlets and see the truth.',1
'If the rules are not universally applied, please report it.',1
'She's an F***ing monster !  Hang her high 'til dead.',1
'I think it's this way everywhere.  Unfortunately the employees don't care about animals.  It's just a job.  Our Pound sucks too.  They want money-they don't care if an animal gets a good home.  The Pound employees should love animals.  I know it would be a heartbreaking job each and every day.  This just shows that Pounds don't care.  Sue!  This wouldn't be a frivolous lawsuit.  It might start a chain reaction for all the dishonorable things that happen to innocent animals all the time.  I would love to see a BIG change in the way all animals are treated.',1
'The voting machine tampering by whoever, will influence the local and senate vote more than the presidential race. The presidential race will be won by Romney by such a wide margin the shenanigans won't matter.\r\n \r\nI know the ballots are different every time I vote, We have the push pins, we have the ballots with circles, squares, lines you connect, touch screens, etc... They need to find the most cost effective, and accurate method, and stick with it.',1
'Well now we know why they call them Atlantic and Ocean city.',1
'Yes, that's my address. I'm sure that you and every other internet tough guy is too much of a coward to do anything about it. seeing as I gave you my address and you are going to do nothing but spam boards with it.....I think that shows everyone what you are made of. LOL',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',1
'hey Rush! don't hate Christie for loving me...eh!',1
'What an IDIOT you are. The Dow drops to position wealth holders for next Tuesday's elections. Monday will be a MAJOR sell-off.',1
'i agree with all of these except "HIMYM" and "Glee". i don't think they should go on forever, but i will still be sad when they air the series finale of both of these shows :(',1
'Typical union sob's.  Nothing else needed said.',1
'Bunch of cry babies if it were not for the Unions you MORONS would still be making a Buck sixty an hour with NO benefits. Just comes to show how ignorant most REPUBLICANS are.',1
'Yea, children are not mean, and are so in tune with other children's wishes. Not wanting to be hugged is a guarantee you will harassed by hugs.',1
'The Unions are killing America please put a stop to this madness!!!',1
'Yes , kind of sounds like the old American Family Farms, where everyone has to carry their own weight for survival. Nothing criminal in asking a family child to help pitch in for the sake of the family ! In fact it can be a very rewarding experience for them. i grew up participating in our family business ( an independent grocery store) I worked 70-80 hours a week during the summer months - right along side my father, who did this year around. Yes, I would gladely do it again.',1
'Sure hope that if you are undecided to vote for you have read this.  This man is an absolute **** and that is calling him  a nice name.  He likens a clean up of a football field to Hurricane Sandy.  This jerk is not in his right mind nor is his family.  I can't believe anyone would vote for this jerk after reading this article.  Anyone thinking of voting republican should not the following.  when George Bush got in the White House he had a lot of money to play with and got us into wars which his old man started and stupid Bush tried to finish.  When he left we had a deficit of lots of money because he just spent and spent.  Bush and his old man were 2 of the stupidest presidents that ever got into office.  Now the two are sitting in that stupid state of Texas with lots and lots and lots of money.  May they both rot in hell.',1
'Not in the slightest.   machines can be corrupted by people.... sure computers may be a hell of a lot easier... but casting votes the old-fashioned way is the only way to ensure that there is nothing funny going on',1
'I tip well, but the whole tipping system needs to be done away with.  Just pay these people a fair wage, and include the cost in the meals or other service.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Money will buy you anything. Shut up and keep buying babies and wanting to be what you can,t be.Who care what you think. Stay home ,and mother the baby your  husband wanted. Your just to sexy for yourself,not.',1
'Dude is a total badass MoFo!  I want to buy this guy a beer!',1
'Definitely tasteless, people are overwhelmed as to what has happened.  Bad enough everything looks like something from a movie.  THIS IS REAL STUFF PEOPLE.  My heart goes out to all that have lost loved ones and their homes.  I know what it's like, I've been through it.',1
'The cop was an idiot and should be fired, face assault charges and sued by the parents. Why do you think the Police Department should be sued? Money hungry people like you are the reason why Police Departments are short on funds to be able to fight more crime.',0
'It's called totallization. You get credit for the total time you worked here and the time you worked there and then you collect from social security. As long as the total worked in both countries is enough to qualify you for social security it's yours.',1
'GET OFF MY CAR BITCH, NOW1',1
'Thanks and god bless you.',1
'Bumbling idiots.  The shelter director needs to be fired and sued. The rest of the idiots need to be replaced by people who have brain cells. This is absolutely unacceptable! For some, these are people's children. This should not be treated lightly or swept under the table. This is not an "awful error on misfiled paperwork" This is outright gross negligence.',1
'WOW, research-first definitely chose that name properly but his methods lack facts which suggest laziness on his part. I made it pretty clear that Sheryl Crow grew up in a trailer park south of St. Louis, Missouri on the way to Memphis because I heard her on the radio talking about it as I was driving by it. I pulled in and it was a HELL HOLE. Burned out, rusted out trailers with pot-holed streets and most street lights barely working. I got detoured there due to road work and was scared i wouldn't make it out alive just like Sheryl was. Everything else is factual. If I offended research-first enough to make him move then my work is done. There are many Jewish doctors working in Barnes-Jewish. \r\nI couldn't care less about the zoo. The town is a lost cause and full of zombies. That's where the Congressman who believes in legitimate rape comes from so believe me I have seen my share of religious fanatics up there. Scary.',1
'Hilarious.',1
'hi presley, you havnt been on for a couple days. wsa starting to wonder if everything was ok!!! good to see ya',1
'solidsh*t head,your just mad because that worthless retard baby bush had two terms and could not even find! Osama Bin Laden! and President Obama found him, and got rid of him! and you just cant stand it! can you? you pathetic whiney loser!',1
'Why do I have the feeling that you're doing that anyway?????.....PS..  ​ .Country Music is NOT real music.',1
'hard to do for a liberal.',1
'does anyone notice that the hand writing is different. if you compare the "sorry single mom" to the "thank you it was great" the writting looks completely different... at least to me it does.',1
'well, just to present an alternate POV, there have been studies done that have indicated that consumption of small amounts of alcohol, as in 1 single beer or glass of wine, did not present any danger at all to the unborn child.  that aside however, if she had enough to drink that made her pass out behind the wheel while driving, i'm pretty sure that kid is going to have some issues in life, that is, if it ever manages to be born with a heartbeat.',1
'Amen J Bee!',1
'Hunter Hayes.  Awesome musician, so-so vocalist.  It's quite obvious he, Taylor Swift and Gary LaVox, lead singer of Rascal Flatts, all have the same vocal coach in Brett Manning.  They have no bottom to their voice and sing with a very nasally tone, with the same phrasing.  They sing in a style taught by Manning and one I hate. LaVox may be the worst live performer I've ever heard.  Unfortunately, if you closed your eyes you couldn't tell if it is Hunter or LaVox singing.  Hunter, I'm from Lafayette, know your parents and remember you as a five year old playing accordion and singing at Mulate's.  Get a different coach!  I know you can sound better.  Don't settle for mediocre.',1
'rche7556; "Bull-crap!!"  This isn't the 30's, 40's or 50's anymore',1
'I have met a couple 10 y/o's I would not mind tasering.... but this cop made a costly mistake.  On the other hand this kid and his family probably got advised by a long line of lawyers on what to do to get the most money for his discomfort.... "C'mon kid tell them about your night terrors so we can get the biggest check ever the taxpayers can afford it"',0
'Possibly the director of these Unions in ALA. should be dismissed for fraudulent practices! He failed!',1
'When Ugg boots first came out, my wife wanted a pair for Christmas.   Naturally, all of the stores were sold out.  So I turned to  Ebay.  At the time, my wife thought that Ebay only sold used merchandise, and she made it clear that she didn't want any "used" boots.\r\n \r\nBut, I couldn't help teasing her a bit and saying stuff like...."but hey, this pair here says three fourths of the tread is left and the only thing wrong with them is a little grease spot on the left toe."\r\n \r\nShe wasn't amused.  \r\n \r\nAnd since I didn't want to sleep in the garage for the rest of the winter, I made sure she got her boots.  Brand new from an authorized merchant, mind you, and they arrived in plenty of time for Christmas.  My wife was happy, and that means I was happy ;-)',1
'Shut that sh-t down then ...WTF is Zynga?',0
'Better a flipfloper (not) than an imoral, arrogant, America-hating liar like Obummer!',1
'The lie.  Is that the jeep factory here.  Will lose 17,000 jobs.  Due to, the factory in China.  The one, in the USA, will be expanded.  Those are the facts.  I did check them.',1
'No suprise in MY house. And no, it did not translate into more equality - just more  appeasing of the fragile male ego. Ladies, it is fine to marry down - just make sure he is not a misogynist. And secure in his own choices.',1
'Hopefully his supporters do and a giant hovercraft comes and takes them to the perfect world with no gays, hurricanes, tornadoes, wars. Oh wait, that place is somewhere under all those chins.',1
'Thank god the parents checked the candy bags before the kiddies dug in for the Halloween eating spree! The outcome could have been so much worse! I hope that there were only the two bags!',0
'Not electronic machines.',1
'Hi there! We're doing well. Nothing too exciting. Winter/fall has definitely hit! Some areas pretty close by are getting snow already. \r\nHow have you been? Did you have a good weekend?',0
'I have bought 5 pairs, one pair a year for my daughter.  I wear one hers every year at our state championship football game since t is very cold at that time of the year.  It is the warmest pair of boots I have ever worn, and they last forever. Her first pair I bought six years ago and still she have it and looks new.  It worth for the price you pay. I won't wear it at any other time but once a year but for the younger kids it is a blessing in winter.',1
'People who are trying to be artistic are stupid,and people who are artistic have some sort of mental illness. Why are we even talking about this, these photos look like a elementary school project.',1
'Brad was one of the last "newcomers" that I was able to have a stomach for and he is even beginning to slide back down the slippery slope. Country has been country for several years now and I'm glad that I have a sizeable collection to listen to. Yeah, it's safe to assume there has been a changing of the guard!',1
'@hahdaysboy  The point of the matter is about warning others to ditch credit cards.  Hasn't anyone made a suggestion of banning or outlawing credit cards in this country?.  If that were to happen, the practice of debt collection companies and the credit score will be illegal and extinct.  There is no better incentive than saving money up, even if federal taxes, property taxes or utility bills do take a chunk out of one's income.  Just one cent in the piggy bank from time to time can mean the difference between having a new sparkly car to being stuck with nothing new to have.',1
'keep it up larry, murdock was probably **** of the month',1
'racist no, I know you are...',1
'that looks like the most exercise he's ever done',0
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',0
'Then your just as bad as this women! The wait service is only paid half of minimum wage because majority of customers do tip. so when you budget but leave out that nice tip.. chances are you are stiffing a single mother or a starving college kid!',1
'i love a woman witha hairy ssa. my son is a woman.',1
'I think ugg's are cute on kids...but that's it.  Also, Ugg's are too expensive, you can buy Airwalks for way cheaper.',1
'number 19 says "who me, i didnt do it"..lolol cats are so much fun...',0
'WOW!...you mean they have REPUBLICANS in China also...I though we were the only people in the world infected with these self absorbed narcissistic Douche-bags',1
'for some reason the link didnt copy. here.',1
'A man pulls a gun in NYC.....shocker.',1
'Then we'll give them more tax money to bail them out so they can do it all over again.',1
'So people with Obama/Biden bumper stickers should have to park two lots over right? How eager these people are to say the rules are universally applied, but when put in to practice, they are not. I think this was an innocent mistake, not an attempt to influence others at the polling place.  \r\n  \r\nDo I think she deserves an apology though? No, the rules are the rules are the rules. Had they not offered her a jacket or sweater to cover up and just gave her the boot, maybe then, but it seemed like the election officials were trying to help her out.',1
'mmmmmm.....No.',1
'The story is missing the ? at the end (as shown in the side post).  Apparently, the proofreader is non-union.\r\n \r\nGotcha.',1
'Let`s not forget that most of the economy is doing great, like where we`re living.If you`re \r\nliving in a depressed are you need to go to a booming area.The economy is booming \r\nbig time in N. Dakota.That`s where these sour posses should go.',1
'Sales might be down but they will still be "popular" with the "image people." I have known some image people who wanted so bad to look 'rich" they drove new cars and lived in big homes with nothing in the refrigerator but the light.  Some would have you think their spouse is the top executive with a large corporation but when you finally find out the truth, they are little more than the bottom rung of the ladder.  Even in government, how many elected to Congress have financial woes even with their 174000 plus 82000 benefits? VOTE ALL INCUMBENTS OUT. put them in unemployement lines.',1
'Don't think any user would give his coke away intently.',1
'I really dont think I made a bad choice at all Logicalgirl.If I would have made a bad choice we would probably be divorced by now.Almost twenty years now and part of the love fades and some of the love gets stronger as well.Marriage is like everything else, it is not a sure thing.If you noticed in my original post I used the term"when my marriage ends" I say that to keep my self strong and positive to help realize how good I have it! I came from a divorced family and it was no fun and I will fight to keep my marriage intact. \r\nI hope the only thing that ends my marriage is the death of one of us in old age!! But like I said if and when it ends I will not do it again!',1
'I HEARD FOX SAY UNEMPLOYMENT WAS AT 6.1%',0
'Shouldn't you guys be on the Fox News website reading "fudged" voting stats???  Anyone with a brain (so I guess I'll excuse you losers) could see that people are driven to aid the victims because of OBAMA....I can't stress that enough to you rubes.',1
'Couldn't they just make a rule against unwelcome hugs?  This would presumably rule out hugs that cause injuries.',1
'You're right major storms hit every century.  The thing is these storms are no longer hitting every century but every five years.  Please read the article since it explains how the conclusion was reached and, in this case, the climate pattern change that helped create this major storm.  Unfortunately the science for climate change is very strong and we as a society have been ignoring it.',1
'Very obviously a paid product review!!  no mention of real differentiating factors and bogus throwoff comparsion on screen resolution within apple products only - does not mention that competitors 7" tablets have much higher PPI on their screens at ~50% less cost.  How about you actually mention competting products like the Kindle HD and the Nexus 7, or how about the Nexus 10 which has a 10" screen for just about the same price??',1
'The Mitt Romney CANDIDACY, REPRESENTS the ATTEMPTED TAKEOVER of the FEDERAL GOVERNMENT by CORPORATE AMERICA....',1
'They're out of style! Goodbye, Uggly's! Finally!!',1
'I CAN'T EVEN IMAGINE WHAT HE IS GOING THROUGH.  I KNOW SOME PEOPLE THINK THAT PETS ARE NOTHING, BUT WHEN YOU ARE A PET LOVER, THEY MEAN THE WORLD TO YOU.  THEY LOVE YOU NO MATTER WHAT.  THEY ARE SO LOVING AND I DON'T CARE WHAT OTHERS SAY, THEY ARE COMFORT.\r\n \r\nZION YOU ARE IN HEAVEN NOW.',1
'I guess some people just enjoy embarrassing themselves.',1
'Chunky ???',1
'Gay date time, Obma break.',1
'What a complete joke dude! Anyone who plays with heroin and dies essentially kills themselves. I'm not going to feel bad for a loser like that. You can be a bleeding heart for the weak and stupid it sounds like that suits you well. Feel compassion for those who have had cancer and have prevailed. You have no clue about what goes on behind the scenes in professional sports, Olympic or otherwise. You really think that your last brit hero is clean, how naive is that. Just wait till his title gets stripped it will be perfect vindication. Oh and by the way, EVERYONE is doping in cycling. Wake up!',1
'OK...And what does this article have to do with your political agenda? You're an idiot and need to stop watching the O'Reilly Factor. I think your late for your Klan meeting there Grand Wizard...G.W wiped his **** with the Constitution more than any president before or after. Bigot...',1
'The governor's ad is targeted to Bible believing and practicing Christians, who have every right to participate in politics - just as the agnostics and the atheists. It is mild compared to ads that are aimed at people who believe that abortion is a sacred right; or ads to make young people think of voting as having sex for the first time; or ads to seniors scaring them into thinking that a political candidate, if elected, will throw them off a cliff.',1
'I haven't tried doing finances that way. I probably should though. I am not very good at keeping on top of the check book, I've never bounced a check, so I must be doing something right. ;) \r\nWe're doing alright. Rain, rain and more rain. I love it! :)',1
'Elwood....Ask yourself what is Mitt Romney doing for these poor people...Collecting cans...Are you kidding me?!!?!?!?...And he's probably collecting from people who just want to clean their shelves...There are probably "goodies" like waxed beans, turkey in a can, spam, lima beans....I'm getting grossed out just thinking about it.  He needs to give up some of the millions in his campaign fund to help these people...Hell..He's losing anyway...Why not go out on a good note....',1
'Even though I am a HUGE supporter of unions...In cases as dire as this one where beggars can't be choosers, I think that they should have ALL hands on deck...YOU DOUCHE!',1
'yes, they are warm for hockey games',1
'tasteless.. ugly... Lowclass',1
'Take out the snark--I obviously like Emblem 3 much more than he does, but one can't disagree much with Barnes this time.  I confess though I am eternally embarrassed by some of the spoken words that come out of these youngsters' mouths.  Usually, something along the lines of 'how much it means to them' (and uh, not the others?), and 'this is all, I have no fall-back position, I have nothing else.'  Reminds of that climatic scene in 'The Jerk' doesn't it?  Po would be rich singer!  They have nothing!  Well, except grandma is okay.  Ok, music and grandma.  ...maybe, the cat.  ok, music, grandma, and their pet cat, but that's it.  oh, and mom and dad.  uh, Christmas around the tree--well, that's a little higher than unbearable.  so, music and grandma, the pet cat, mom and dad, and Christmas around the tree.   and the U.S.  it's uh, a little better place than growing up in Somalia or Libya, so if I am forced to admit it, I got lucky there.  So, music and grandma, my pet cat, mom and dad, Christmas, and the the U.S....',1
'"Just wait until I'm making your medical decisions in 2014"',1
'Lost in the 60's- Your name explains it all...No it's not the same country most of the time but it's also not the same music in pop or rock, I mean rock doesn't even exist at all really anymore not rock like the 70's. Times change, people change, music tastes change but there is still something for everyone in country today I think. Brad, Jason, Justin Moore, and a few others to me sing real country music. I think Rascal Flatts, Carrie, Taylor Swift, and some of those do not but they still sell records and have fans. One group I miss is Sawyer Brown, wonder what ever happened to them?',1
'DOn't mistake I am not a fan of his but if I had to pick one of them over the other he has shown somewhat of a heart from time to time...but he is at an all NEW LOW he is posting Super Beast's actual address HELP ME STOP HIM PLEASE',1
'She needs a sex tape like her older sis.  \r\n\r\nI would be honored to bust that cherry :)',0
'this show was doomed with the exit of Charlie Sheen. Kutcher doesn't cut it',1
'I think you are suffering from Romneyesia.',1
'Save me a place, Jeffy!!',1
'... Ignacious Beauregard Doff....',1
'Strangest thing? We had a lady who would hand out miniature crosses she made her kids carve along with those tiny bibles. Her kids were not allowed to celebrate Halloween and the only reason she opened the door was to preach at the kids who came to the door. I read in a paper several years later she tried drowning her kids because she thought they were possessed by Satan. Thankfully her neighbor heard the screaming and called police.',0
'hello??? it was not a lie.. it was confirmed by Chrysler.. lol.. you libs are hilarious.. any lie will do right?',1
'more humans should be eaten by sharks....it is only fair....we certainly eat enough of them!',1
'Stoned again !',1
'Then why did they  pair her with Mario Lopez? Both Khloe and Mario are rude and I changed the channel right after Mario corrected Simon on how to proceed with the groups elimination. They both suck and I'm done watching the show.',1
'MSN doing there best to keep the Obama election hopes alive. You guys made a nice try at it but Romney is going to win and there is nothing you or any other news agancy can do about it. Nice to see you guys sold out like everybody else.',1
'Hopefully they don't ignite and burn like the Karma Fiskers',1
'UHHHHH they were buried??',1
'Love them my daughter (the Marine) bought me a pair.  They are so comfortable.',1
'How the hell does someone vote thumbs down?',1
'This cleanup process may seem a little overwhelming now, but if everyone does just a little bit and  works as a unit, the job can and will be done.\r\n  That was the message. The man was merely making an analogy.\r\n  Hope you don't hurt yourselves bending over backwards trying to derail Romney, MSN...\r\n  The loony moonbats trying to make a mountain out of a little, tiny molehill are absolutely hilarious!!',0
'Repeating rumor is not "research."',1
'Keep hoping',1
'On the flip side, if you're willing to complain you have to be willing to compliment as well (not saying that you don't by the way). I've surprised more than one restaurant manager by speaking with them about the excellent service I received rather than complaining about something that went wrong.',1
'There is always one who tries to turn everything into politics! Ruining the few stories that people can read to get away from the election BS. Hey Dave, Job report: Trolls like you up 50% in the last week! (go climb back under the fox news rock you scooted out from under, moron).',1
'Android Operating System. \r\n  \r\nLOL.',1
'they did by an accident',1
'I wouldn't be caught in these Fuggly Boots!   \r\nI live in Texas, I wear cowboy boots, which, by the \r\nway have been aroud for a long, long, time!',1
'Hehe, there Romney goes again, changing his views AND agreeing with me.......WUSS!',1
'forgiveness',1
'I guess we should just let black people die of starvation and disease.  What kind of human being are you?',1
'I personly never heard or saw the stuff you guys are posting and I was in the IAM for 32 years ... and now collecting my pension. But I worked in avaition ...',1
'This goes to show anyone will do anything to be noticed.  Chances are she is really not a model, but is hoping this gets her noticed, and stardom to fame!  She looks like she is pretty, but a tacky way to break into the business.',1
'True, if you're able to never make a mistake(or at least at the wrong time), in many years of driving, then you're probably okay.',1
'THIS IS NOT OBAMA !!!   This is photo shopped ... look at his ears.. I don't know why folks do this kind of stupid stuff ..',1
'That extension is busy, please wait.',1
'There's nothing wrong with a **** from a willing participant. That's not sex or cheating. Cheated is what happened to us when George Bush, Jr. nearly collapsed the global economy and blew up the Middle East because he didn't believe in BIG Government oversight. Right now, Dubya is sitting in a hi-rise in the Highland Park section of Dallas looking out a big floor-to-ceiling window with bullet-proof glass wondering what in the hell went wrong. Dubya, it took 32 MIT-trained czars to fix what your 6 retarded country boys screwed up. Still think Republican is the way to go?',1
'I have a 2005 corolla LE  I get on average 30 or better on the highway I get close to 35 \r\n  \r\nI like my toyota. \r\n  \r\nHope the new ones are not that bad on MPG, How do you drive the car that makes a difference too.',1
'To bigpictureguy1 and others: \r\n  \r\nYou should check the widely accepted and acknowledged facts and records before expressing  \r\nyour very narrow views and opinions of what changes the planet is going through. \r\n  \r\nSome facts which are irrefutable are as follows: [Source information in parentheses] \r\nThere WERE over 20 named Atlantic tropical storms this 2012 season, one category 3  \r\nand several category 1 hurricanes [NHC]  \r\n  \r\nThe global rise in the sea level increases approximately 1.7mm/year, which factors to about  \r\n7" in 100 years. [NOAA]  \r\n  \r\nThe polar ice caps ARE melting, the north pole has had open water,  \r\nthe Northern Sea Route, otherwise called the Northeast Passage, which opened up to  \r\nshipping in 2005 for the first time. Ice cores establish this has not occurred since before  \r\nthe last ice age. [The National Snow and Ice Data Center]  \r\n  \r\nThe Greenland Ice Sheet has melted more in the past 35 years than in any 35 year period  \r\nin recorded history. [If the entire ice cap in Greenland melted, the sea level rise would be  \r\nin FEET not inches!] The Earth has major ice sheets on Greenland and Antarctica.  \r\nThese ice sheets are currently losing ice volume by increased melting and calving of icebergs,  \r\ncontributing to sea-level rise. The Greenland Ice Sheet has also been experiencing record amounts  \r\nof surface melting, and a large increase in the rate of mass loss in the past decade. If the entire  \r\nGreenland Ice Sheet melted, it would raise sea level by about 20 feet.  \r\n[U.S. Global Change Research Program]  \r\n  \r\nObservations since 1961 show that the average temperature of the global ocean has increased  \r\nto depths of at least 3000 m and that the ocean has been absorbing more than 80% of the heat  \r\nadded to the climate system. Such warming causes seawater to expand, contributing to  \r\nsea level rise. [IPCC] \r\n  \r\nThe Atlantic Ocean temperature has risen 1.1 degrees in the past 135 years; North America has seen  \r\na 1.3 degree surface temperature increase in the past 100 years. Increases in CO2 levels increase the  \r\namount of heat contained by our atmosphere. Pre-industrial levels of carbon dioxide  \r\n(prior to the start of the Industrial Revolution) were about 280 parts per million by volume (ppmv),  \r\nand current levels are greater than 380 ppmv and increasing at a rate of 1.9 ppm yr-1 since 2000.  \r\nThe global concentration of CO2 in our atmosphere today far exceeds the natural range over the last  \r\n650,000 years of 180 to 300 ppmv. By the end of the 21stcentury, we could expect to see carbon dioxide concentrations of anywhere from 490 to 1260 ppm (75-350% above the pre-industrial concentration). \r\n [IPCC Special Report on Emission Scenario]',1
'someone who must have a personal investment in it...',1
'My Great Grandmother did too. I was probably five or six before I realized we were eating the cute little guys for dinner. Their pooh is awesome fertilizer too!',0
'What can I add to what's already been said. Next thing that they'll ban is hugging your wife or significent other.',1
'Very good point.  The genre does tend to fluctuate from pop to traditional every few years.',1
'Willie Nelson didn't look or sound like himself. Nashville had nothing to do with him or Haggard as they were considered outlaws. Be that what it may, their music is/was country and what real country music fans loved and wanted. I first watched/listened to Willlie when he had a tv show in Wash, DC and wore a suit. I switched to Bluegrass music as it has never changed nor will it as today's country music is a complete turn-off with the exceptions of such artists as Alison Krauss, George Strait and Alan Jackson to name but a few. Would much better hear a good 5-string banjo being played than Tyler Swift.',1
'Not accidentally, negligently.',1
'THE IGNORANT ONES HAVE KNOW CLUE THEY IN A LSD/MAGIC MUSHROOM DREAM...............  ​ ..................\r\n \r\n \r\n....................  ​ .................."W  ​ AKE" "THE" "****""UP"...............  ​ ........',0
'"That Breast Pump Caused a Trifecta of Boob Milk Pumping Power"',1
'Um Doug, Sandy was a Category 1 hurricane.  Not sure where you get your info from.',1
'hey..  why don't you grow a pair and demand that the school follow sane parent's policies and not their own as little dictators..  come on parents...',1
'Please.  That skank just made a money grab.  Kobe was only guilty of using his fame to get some pussy.',1
'Wow are you Wrong, Everyone has a pair, wants another and Loves Them, Have you checked out the Website! They not only have shoes, Purses, Childrens Shoes, Mens! They are Quality and last forever!',1
'This endorsement suites the candidate.  Mr. Burns has no heart, no compassion and he is a habitual liar just like ole boy Mitt.  It's a shame that nobody cares that Mitt says what he needs to say to the listeners just to get votes.  Unless you don't have a mother, sister, daughter, cousin, neice, grandmother, wife, girlfriend or a friend with benefits or just a woman that you care about, I agree maybe Mitt is the right choice.  Or if you are not part of the 47% that he really does not care about, then i suppose Mitt is right for you and if you like liars and manipulators to go to bat for you, then vote for Mitt.  I do not endorse this candidate at all.  I hope you have a great day!!!!',1
'Stacy!  Get rid of your free loading husband!!  I can't believe he makes you split the bill, what a cheap as s!  LMAO....',1
'Only if they're thirsty.',1
'I wish I lived by the beach is all..',1
'Whoa!!!!! We have a person here who's almost as shallow as Laurel..... Are these your only fine points of Obama....Bitch slapping? Laurel only votes for him because he's so cool or he's so handsome.... Please tell me your only reason for voting for him is because he bitch slaps people',0
'When I got married the minister kept asking me " are you sure"....I should have taken the hint!',1
'LOL Grey Ghost',1
'He is, definitely, listening to the chatter of Sasha.',1
'No, I don't trust them any further than I could throw one.',1
'Meet the new boss. Same as the old boss.  If your non union then get set to see 19th century style formans and owners again. You , their slave, will do whatever they say at whatever wage they deem low enough that the "new" boss can afford his mercedes while you can't afford to buy your child food, clothing, or shoes.  Think it's funny? Look to china you idiot. It is already a reality and it's coming here. Austerity ala Italy. You non-union nits must have never seen a history book.',1
'Chunky monkey model shoot in the middle of a catastrophe?  Pretty damn tasteless and if they make any money, they can pay for the tree removal.',0
'So let me get this right because the current country music doesn't have twang, or banjos, fiddles, steel guitars and the likes... it's not country. I guess I just don't get why people don't understand that music changes with the times but the genre is still the same. They are still singing about country living, growing up, reflecting on the difference in country living and city living etc. Just as Johnny Cash rocked the country world as well as Willie, Merle, and Hank.... so does todays version of country music. If you want "old school country" then listen to it, but don't expect to tune in todays country music awards and hear it because it has evolved and changed with todays times. It's a simple principle, if you don't like it don't watch it or listen to it. I'm a lover of all music - I grew up on Willie, Merle and Johnny with my dad. We danced to Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain as a little girl.I'm continuing that pattern with my little boys as we dance around to the likes of Jason Aldean, Little Big Town and Eric Church in our family room. And my guess is in 30 years they will do the same and the music will continue to grow and evolve and sound different then it does today.',1
'cant come up with a caption.. he just looks smug and arrogant',1
'What do you mean there were people killed in Benghazi? Like thats really an issue lets all just get stoned and say WTF. After all the Liberal media will tell the sheeple what to think and believe',1
'It's a grave situation. Let me go out on a limb...the situation is beyond be-leaf. Seems like the root of the problem was smallpox. The smallpox victims were embarrased...people had the dirt on them.\r\nThat person lost a lot of weight. I'm sure many people were stumped until the historian explained it.',1
'WS, Only if you wear a wedding ring.',1
'As the mother of the sweetest, most gentle autistic child I find comments using the word "retarded" as an insult very disturbing.  I've already cast my vote for Romney/Ryan; does that make me "retarded?"',1
'MSN has no class or they wouldn't give this kind of story any press.',1
'they are not waiting for the government to start the clean up, most of the people I have seen are itiching to get home and see the damamge for themselves or are already cleaining their own or neighbors homes.',1
'Who watches this?',1
'Wrong! People are BROKE B!TCH ! And $150 a pair aren't cutting it!',0
'who cares?',1
'Oh, the machines that are owned by the Romney family?  That's pretty bad if he can't even get his son to vote for him!',1
'Please just go away!',1
'How many more good shows that need time to develop are the networks going to cancel? Think Big Bang and other huge shows that were slow to start. Animal Practice was almost Northern Exposure (another slow starter) in it's originality and quirkiness. Why are the shows that aren't dumb right out of the gate cut and the total garbage shows still on the air? My husband and I were so glad finally to have a show we could look forward to mid-week- it was the only show we watched on Wednesdays. And to cut off the last episode to air (in our area) a rerun of 30 Rock? REALLY? I tried to watch the rerun. Turned it off after 5 minutes. Not nearly as funny as Animal Practice. Could have been a big show if they'd just given it some room. Too bad.',1
'Hey Croc:  It is a bunch of croc!  They thought like so many other Americans have duped themselves into thinking that the Big O would not let anything bad like that happen to them!  However, when their Savior showed up, he kissed them, hugged them, and said:  "Don't worry. We're behind you!"   Then, he got his big limo and rode back to the Helicopter, which fly him back to that very big Air Force One, which dumped him out at the Big White House!  They are still looking forward to the change he promised them.',1
'Really????\r\nHmmmmmmmm...\r\n\r\nAryan comments supersede all else. End of story for me. He loves to go off about the Bible and hate speak under the "And They Say Your Ignorance Is Intolerable" name. He is so ignorant he can't see the contradiction, but most thumpers are that way though. I see he has now resurfaced.\r\n\r\nRTP is MP - Case closed. You will not catch me saying his name.',1
'Because it was the LAST place they looked!  Isn't EVERYTHING  you find, located in the last place you look?',1
'democratic lawyer,republican lawyer,whats the difference?They are all scumbags.....',1
'Glad to see he took time out of his campaigning to give that encouragement to the disaster survivors.....oh, I forgot, he's not there, he's in Ohio campaigning. He's telling that to people in Ohio, which haven't been touched by the storm. Well at least he's using his vast resources and connections to help out.....what? Oh, sorry, he didn't do that either. Well at least he's campaigning.........  ​',1
'How sad.  I hope Mr. Sadler punched out Ms. Walsh.  Misfiled paperwork....my behind.  That's what you get when your dog ends up in a kill facility.  When are we going to wake up and stop putting down over a million dogs/cats a year?  Spay and neuter and stop breeders from over breeding.  There are petitions out there to stop kill facilities.  Sign one.',1
'Piece-of-sheet.',1
'Damn such ignorance from people...',1
'This has never been an issue in the past 5000 years...It suddenly started becoming an issue when women make a couple of dollars more...ridiculous...  ​ women are bringing this up not men...Men could've said.."Guess what...since I'm making all the money or a little bit more than women...I'm entitled to be with as many women as I want..."...women are cheaper than men...',1
'I never understand why servers think it is the customers duty to pay them for doing their job. They applied to work as a server so the business should pay them to serve the public. I do not like it that I as a customer have to pay a certain percentage to get food that I am also paying for. Next thing the customer will have to also pay the chef! \r\nI understand its a job but I did not hire them and should not be expected to pay a certain percent. I pay what I want to pay depending on how much money I have to "give".',1
'Happy Belated 29th Viper.....hope it was a good one (if you can remember any of it LOL)',1
'New country - no thanks.  I'm listening to Ron Williams these days.',1
'No offense, Kim, but I think the best you can do if you've never been in that environment is to be sympathetic and compassionate. When something is so far out of your scope of reality, you simply cannot walk in their shoes because you have no idea what it's like. It's also dependent on the personality of the victim. Some people can rise above it and never look back, others need help. After a particularly difficult time in my life, I remember someone suggesting counseling and my grandmother scoffed, telling me it was an event, deal with it and get over it. I was able to do that. Yet friends with similar experiences needed the extra help of therapy to straighten things out. There's nothing wrong with that and no shame in it, and in cases of domestic violence it should always be available - even if people don't go to a shelter.',1
'My wife and I grew even closer when we had our kids, I think it's a miracle, and a gift. It was hard to see my wife go through the pain of childbirth, that part was difficult for me emotionally, but the birthing part was a natural thing. I was so excited, and humbled, to see my children meet the world. I'll always think my children are absolutely amazing.',1
'Hava a Nice Day : )',1
'Exactly.. because again, if we look at traditional macro, austerity is self-defeating outside of expansion.  Attempt to cut spending and automatic stabilizers and tax revenue cuts make the deficits worse. \r\n  \r\n"NIESR said with the exception of Ireland, debt ratios will be higher in 2013 rather than lower in every EU country due to austerity measures. " \r\n  \r\n  \r\nAgain, traditional macro.  There's a lot of data supporting it, and what we're facing now is nothing that doesn't fit in the same models.  We like to think it's different, but it's really not.  So, as a result we're having the same arguements that we've had in the past.  Fortunately, the CBO has learned from them and labelled it as a fiscal cliff.',1
'Good for her!! :) Wow, what a wonderful story!',1
'anyone that can afford $140 for a meal could afford at least another $10. One word for the person....cheap.',1
'The way we calculate pollution is incorrect as well, In the United States pollution is calculated by particle weight per gallon instead of per mile. \r\nSo if I have a car that produces 9kg of CO2 per gallon but only gets 40 miles per gallon per our EPA rules that car is acceptable where a car that produces 10kg of CO2 but gets 80 miles per gallon is not acceptable. That is why you will never see cars like the VW Polo BlueMotion in the U.S.',1
'Do you mean "climate change", Al? Yes, we can see the climate is changing, just as it has since the beginning of time.',1
'UFone',1
'You're disillusioned if you think unions are really there to help people.  They take advantage of the people they claim to protect. \r\n  \r\nUnions are just another money-making big business that will tell you it's raining while they're pissing down your back.',1
'My husband always pays the bill and always will. He refuses to let his kids pay when we go out to eat. It wasn't the $10. It was the stealing that bothered me. I will give you money if you need it, just don't steal from me.',1
'CK....I could've sworn I've seen you trolling on a couple articles, so I'm not sure if I should be taking you seriously.....wait this is the internet I don't take anyone seriously never mind.',1
'That's really it LOM.  the fastest way to interest rates comig off dead 0 is expansion.  And the fastest way to expansion is fiscal policy.  Not necessary throw money at anything that moves, but hey.. how about rebuilding the infrastructure Sandy leveled? \r\n  \r\nI caught someone interviewed who was talking about how we hate to spend money on infrastructure outside of an emergency.  Meanwhile, with appropriate investment the emergency could be averted.  So let's make a dent in the dilapaded bridge list, or modernizing and expanding the power grid to support a nationwide energy effort.  This puts people to work, pushes private companies to invest in capital goods, all while solving real problems that we face now or will in the future.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'You got it right south park. The other guy was a democrat in election heat :)',1
'Eric',1
'And what if the server was a single mom, too?',1
'USA. . .Racist AND sexist.  Not bad for only ten words.  And anybody who thinks the First Lady is cowlike. . .well. . .I really think they should let you guys get married.',1
'Hell yeah. Nice to see the bad guys getting f*cked for a change.',0
'"Dude... where's my veggie burrito?"',1
'love my uggs-5 pairs to be exact',1
'Blown away is an awful song that is not even a little bit country. Pontoon is just plain Terrible! Hunter Hayes sounds like a little girl trying to do an Rascal Flatts imitation. Oh, and I dont even know where to begin with Taylor Swift. It seems like the only reason that she dates is to write bitter songs about the men (or should I say boys after her latest escapade?) after she cans them.',0
'A stiff server',1
'Blah Blah Blah Romney Blah Blah Blah Romney If i hear one more Romney support I am going to need another shot glass.',1
'Eventually the northern US will be subtropical like it has been several times in the past.. During this time massive plant growth will form coal and oil deposits.. Places like Texas will be once again under water.. But not in anyone alive now's lifetime.. \r\nYep, we are not good stewards of the planet and all the people making trillions off of energy today will kill anyone in their way to keep the money and power in hand.. Sure we have technology that would put them right out of business but it is locked away nice and tight by them.. You seriously have no clue that they control everything including those puppets in Washington.. They could crash the worlds economy and have us all starving and living a substance life in a month with a snap of their fingers.. Yes we would be at each others throats and it would be a global war like no other as we would want to hang on to this wasteful lifestyle at any cost..',1
'It's all a plot Aqua Man.....the world is out to get you and your party.....better run and hide!\r\n \r\nEveryone has supported the liberal candidates since time began!! There has never been a Republican in the White House!!! Obama is an Alien!!! Romney is the 2nd coming of Christ!! \r\n \r\nget a new tinfoil hat....I think yours is broken.',1
'No I have never worn them. But I did check and they are made in China. The company is not even allowed to use the trademark in Australia at this point. So I would not buy them either.',1
'Union money is cleaner, members forced to join and pay dues have no say in where their money goes.',1
'The poster known as Mirage Guy is one, big walking political announcement. \r\nHis scotch is 'earned' off of the back of his workers,\r\nhis cigars are borrowed from Clinton.  His jokes are as stale as Milton Berle.\r\n\r\nYes, lets count the people we discounted before...Ha ha ha....\r\nYes, the numbers are all geared to make one guy 'look good' over the other...Ha ha ha ha..\r\nYes, in 4 days we can re-hire the guy who got it done, \r\nDESPITE the Do Nothings in CONgress, and \r\nNOT being able to hire your own staff, and\r\nHAVING A RIGHT WING SCOTUS work against you, and\r\nBEING blamed for the economic fallout (largest since the Great Depression) which\r\nwas caused by the previous guy,  who could not even write his own name, had to use a letter.\r\nAND the "honorable" Sen McConnell promising to make him a 'one term' President.\r\n\r\nSorry, MG, but the public is onto the right wing scam and now on to you, phony Libertarian. \r\n\r\nStill in all, wishing you a fine day.  Maybe you can get some of your workers to do three jobs instead of two and improve your numbers....',1
'Dow jumps on jobs report from 7.8% to 7.9%. Wow whoop tee doo,  1/10 of 1 percent and  they forgot to mention how many were lost and how many fell off the unemployment rolls because they were no longer eligible.. Poor attempt and fail, totally. Desperation it's peak as the elections ramp up.\r\n \r\nBut wait isn't Obama the Controller in Chief of the Labor Dept................  ​ ....................  ​ ..ha, ha, ha.\r\nStill wating for his personal explanation of the Benghazi Failure and so are the families of the victims.',0
'You all dont live in Durant OK. by chance? No just joking. but I am with you I am a single  mom who is disabled homeschools her son (his choice) long on why he hate brick and moter school ( got hurt 3 years ago and we r still dealing with his knee and anke issuse).  I I do live in Durant OK  and between what I get and my son gets it just a fee dollars over 1000.00.  My rent is 600 and that IS NOT bills paid.  I pay water, gas, satilite, internet,and  1 cell phone.  My husband ( we do not live with each other) who is also disable and gets SSI pays for our washer and dryer, car insurcnce, OH and FOOD did I say FOOD yea I get a total of 167.00 to spend on healthy food.  But It says that one person could eat for 225.00 a month. So how did my son and I end up with 167.00.  Oh DSH says that the monies that my husband pays for the above is child support. I wanted soooo badly to say to them that I already knew that. We are trying to work it out.  So say a prayer.',1
'It will be less than half that size when you buy it.  America is the land of "Bait-and-Switch."',1
'This article was awfully written!  "but we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this" What kind of stupid comment is that?  learn how to write You moronic excuse for a reporter',0
'هوای بسیار لذت بخش نه گرم و نه سرد (امزوز 12 آبان 1391)',1
'The funniest line I ever heard from the late, great George Carlin: \r\n  \r\n"I have a message for the people of New Orleans.  If you want to live five feet below sea level, join the Navy." \r\n  \r\nAnd the old rule will hold true until the end of time:  "You can't fix stupid."',1
'OIffra...  not to be insulting but  you  sound like a moron..... I would never say that you were a Moron.... because morons around the world would be offended.. but you do sound like one....',1
'Fuzzy, your attitude is pathetic!',0
'I don't care what the media thinks; they're irrelevant.',1
'That is why you grow your own you hershey puddle...  or purchase it from a registered medical distributor.... not shady dealers....',1
'thanks tileitall!  good weekend to you too!',1
'That settles it, I'm moving to Tennessee and voting for Romney..',1
'When so many innocent people perished in this horrific storm, how can this tasteless stank is pose in the midst of other people's misery and loss? Why do good and decent people have to die in a storm like this and this $hitty cu&t gets to live?  I am not what you would call a violent person, and I am so glad I don't live up there because if I saw someone like her pull this in my neighborhood I can honestly say I would beat the living sh#t out of this POS.  When you act like a fool and are so thoughtless and inconsiderate to other people's suffering, you tend to reap what you sow.......ROT IN HELL YOU EVIL WITCH!',0
'It would be a lot less tasteless if she were a pole stripper,  which is probably what's next for this misdirected wannabe.',1
'Make sure you marry someone smart.  In other words somebody who didn't vote for Obama.',1
'smalley50, your intellect is very fertile. Some people can only concentrate on one subject at at a time. To understand you it will require of them to have a brain.',1
'Its always fun and games with Osama.... He thinks America is a joke and that is how he plays us',0
'Angela, how is refusing to clean the officer's car disrespect?  Shouldn't maintaining his vehicle, just like his weapons, be a part of his job?  The article doesn't say the child was disrespectful about it.  Just because the man is a police officer, does not mean you have to listen to everything they say for you to do.  Police officers are actually public servants, and as public servants, they are there to protect and serve the public...not take advantage of child labor.  Yeah he'll think about it next time, but next time he'll look at police officers in fear, not respect.  Those things are not synonymous.',1
'Crazy8s.. why is Christie a traitor?  Because he actually admitted that Obama was helping and doing things right?',1
'Thank God I live in a radio market large enough to have Classic Country stations.  That and Sirius/XM Radio are saving Country Music.  I tuned in last night only to have my worst fears confirmed.  Get this straight, record producers in Nashville -- I (and apparently many others) will not listen to Nashville Rock-Pop (crap).  We, quite fortunately, have 65 years, or so, of great Country Music available to us.  We will not be buying your trash.',1
'Fret not my friend, come January 20, 2013 the trash will be removed from our White House and from our lives.\r\n \r\nRomney/Ryan will win with 300+ electoral votes !',1
'Klaus  You must be talking about your mama being a $lut',1
'What a joke.  Whole-heartedly agree with jw collins.  I have reached 66 and I plan to continue working until they bury me.  I would go from doing well to being in the poor house.  $74k a year.  I never saw that, I have college degree. It's is just that I was a teacher.. you know the rest of the story.',1
'Was this a direct quote? It never ceases to amaze and frustrate me what the left will use to attack this good man. Women for Romney 2012!',1
'Four more years, thank God!',1
'It's a balancing act.  I try to obey the speed limit, but my car is always giving me grief that I'm holding it back.  Let me be free to explore it tells me.   Honestly, I just want to get from point A to point B without any drama or anybody getting hurt.',1
'This dude is a liar and a rapist and the pictures will show it.',1
'Here is what I have done: \r\n1) pull over right away and if at all possible directly in front of an obstacle (tells the officer that you trying to escape would be difficult if not impossible). If you pull over on shoulder or the on the street turn your wheels all the way to the right towards the curb (same as above). 2) turn on all interior lights 3) take your keys out of the ignition and hold them out of the window for the officer to see them then place them on your side view mirror (tells the officer that for you to try and leave you have to start the car) 4) make sure EVERYONE'S hands in the car are visible 5) DO NOT make any movements without telling the officer first and make your movements in a calm manner.  \r\nTraffic stops can be very dangerous and these steps are to help put the officer at ease and hopefully in a better mood. This info was given to me by a Grand Rapids Officer.',0
'Yes, it's easy to gloss this over (same old media play book)...however, when caught in the \r\n"vice" of neg. public opinion, what else would a Union Boss say....but "of course, not us!---we'll work along side non-union no problem!".  ...well, if you believe that one I have a bridge in Ariz. I'll sell you.   \r\n  \r\nI like your last statement....the  lesson is..don't believe everything you read.....and that goes for \r\nyour explanation, too.  Been there and seen that.... \r\nsigned: \r\na Texas construction company owner!   ---  and we're even a right to work state!  Thankfully!!!',1
'my cat sits like that too, it's so funny and cute.',1
'What an ****, if you can't figure it out!!',1
'Looks like the single mom is named Jason Anderson to me.  What a smart ****.',1
'I like all the pics, animals can always turn a semi-boring day around into something silly and fun.',1
'Been married four times, the smartest of the bunch, #3 didn have a degree at all.  One did, and was an RN.  The other two were bright but I married them for their looks not their brains.\r\nI work with a smart young woman who will never find a man as she has an arrogance about her and likes to put men in their "place".  She is too stupid to realize that the joke is on her.  She will always be a trophy for the men she dates, being a tiny tiny asian, she is just another notch on the gun of the men she beds.  She has this attraction to big strapping Marines and other male caucasians.  She doesn't realize she is just their opportuntiy at fulfillment of stories they've heard from others about the LBFMs in Southeast Asia. So a degree does not equate to intelligence in love.',1
'She should not hate or dislike someone because she can't have kids......, but then again she is your typical "WANNABE" celebrity who will have her kid raised by a nanny that makes total and complete sense. She should shut her mouth and practice what she preaches and stay home.',1
'can beer make you smart? IT MADE BUD-WISER',0
'Unfortunately for me my dick is so big that that's the first thing the shark would go after.  On the bright side, he'd choke on my donkey shaft.......',0
'"Republicans for the past four years focused on trying to prove that I was a terrorist, a traitor, born outside of this country and countless of other bigotry while I worked tirelessly at fixing the mess they left behind. What else do I need to say now?"',1
'Well thank you thank you all of you flamers in waiting.',1
'First, Hershey doesn't get it's cacao from "family farms."  They get it from very large plantations that are well organized and use slave labor of all kinds.  Second, it's not at all hard to find ethical cacao farms in Africa, or anywhere else.  There are groups that oversee fair trade practices that have lists of ethical farms.  Third, I don't want to hear anything about how prices will go up and we'll have to pay more for candy if Hershey is "forced" to not used cacao from farms where kids (and adults) are enslaved.  \r\n\r\nThe stockholders will lose a little profit and we'll pay a little more to feed our fat selves candy that at least we know didn't require enslaving children to produce.  Hershey already produces a line of candy that uses ethically sources cacao, so that means they have already found an ethical source.  It's not like they're stuck without one.  Every other American company that produces chocolate is already sourcing only from ethical sources.  Hershey's continued sourcing from slave plantations only encourages further slavery.  Screw all the good deeds they do elsewhere.  If you kill one child to amuse another, the good you do doesn't erase the original crime.',1
'You never know.\r\n \r\n Her 4th marriage\r\n \r\n A woman who had been married three times walked into a bridal shop one\r\n day and told the sales clerk that she was looking for a wedding gown\r\n for her fourth wedding.\r\n \r\n "Of course, madam," replied the sales clerk, "exactly what type and\r\n color dress are you looking for?"\r\n \r\n The bride to be said, "A long frilly white dress with a veil."\r\n \r\n The sales clerk hesitated a bit, then said, "Please don't take this the\r\n wrong way, but gowns of that nature are considered more appropriate for\r\n brides who are being married the first time - for those who are a bit\r\n more innocent, if you know what I mean? Perhaps ivory or sky blue would\r\n be nice?"\r\n \r\n "Well," replied the customer, a little peeved at the clerk's\r\n directness, "I can assure you that a white gown would be quite\r\n appropriate. Believe it or not, despite all my marriages, I remain as\r\n innocent as a first-time bride. You see, my first husband was so\r\n excited about our wedding; he died as we were checking into our honey\r\n moon hotel. My second husband and I got into such a terrible fight in\r\n the limo on our way to our honeymoon hotel that we had that wedding\r\n annulled immediately and never spoke to each other again."\r\n "What about your third husband?" asked the sales clerk?\r\n \r\n "That one was a Democrat," said the woman, "and every night for four\r\n years, he just sat on the edge of the bed and told me how good it was\r\n going to be, but nothing ever happened."',0
'" Ignorance is a sin."   I for one will not hold it against you.',1
'I got out of a speeding ticket once by pulling the pacifier out of my baby's mouth. By the time the cop made it to my car, my baby was wailing uncontrollably. Thanks son!',0
'After tuesday Romney can go home and spend time with his lazy wife and we won`t hear \r\nabout him until he dies.',1
'I would want to know the situation before jumping to conclusions...someth  ​ ing MSN editorials fail to do with every subject ever reported, but that’s just me.',1
'What? It's not like I have anything more important to do.',1
'Got pulled over for that as well.  Was respectful to the officer, admitted it and agreed it was a bad idea.  Still got the ticket, so it doesn't always work, but that's the way the mop flops.  We were both guilty, one pays, one doesn't.',1
'I have no problem with the test, but people in their twenties are working, paying taxes, serving in the military, raising children.',1
'that should be law acrossed the whole country',1
'They're both boring;  Khloe has an irritating voice and no personality.  I record the show, then zip right past them.',1
'Hum, right before the prez. election, that quick!  good thinking DEMS.',1
'That can't be true - guns are illegal in NYC (so much for strict gun control laws preventing crime).',1
'then you can work for the poverty level. welcome to china',1
'Right on VL...tell this shill to take his oil bath, and a drop of okra in it before boiling. \r\nHis days on 'posting earth' are numbered.',1
'Both of you sharing common interests. My husband and I both agreed that Christ is our Savior and we are both baptized and members of the same church. Next, Compromise, Compromise and standing on GOD's WORD of being angry but sin not, do not let the sun go down on your wrath. In other words, Don't go to be angry.',1
'I need to get one.',1
'What a flippin' idiot. Yet one more reason NOT to vote for him.',1
'I depends on the circumstances it doesn't say what all the tweets were.  But I would fire the person that reported this article.  Since when do professional reporters report to name calling in the headline calling this person a "jackass".  Headlines should state facts and draw the person to the article not state a reporter's personal opinion.  If he wants to draw his own conclusions that should be stated and mentioned in the body of the article.  But I still don't think in my opinion name calling is necessary or professional and is as bad as the false tweets.',1
'You will care when they start it here and they already are.  You are the type of person that if it's not happening to you then **** it.  But what you don't realize is that this all AFFECTS us as it sets precedent.  They work and operate in these countries because there are NO labor laws, No minimum wage, No epa to stop their toxic waste dumping and here we are with little jobs remaining for us, so the next step will be them saying that if we get rid of minimum wage and we stop being harsh on them for dumping then maybe we'll have more jobs.',1
'Seem's like we pick up a couple new whackos every week now; That we get closer to the Elections.\r\n \r\nWonder what it's gonna be like by Nov 4th. or 5th. ??',1
'Why don't you donate it to that brain of yours. You ****in moron!',1
'I stop at a stop sign one time and the police officer was setting a block away and a bush in front of his view and I saw him sitting there and I stopped.  He pulled out and followed me and said you know why I pulled you over? I said no,  He said you ran that stop sign .  I said no I didn't I stop.  I told him I saw him sitting there a block away and that I was stupid and would run a stop sign with you sitting there watching me,I told him he couldn't see my wheels if they stopped or not for there was a bush in the way.Well he argued and said I did and I said I didn't.He said well you can take it to court if you want.I said No it a money gimmit and greenfield is low on funds and I would lose and have to pay ticket plus court cost,so I told him WHATEVER,give me the ticket and be done with it.  He already had it made out or I wouldn't have gotten so mouthy,I knew he was going to give me a ticket so I argued with him. needless to say I lost,so I paid the fine $130.00 for a stupid stop sign  that I did not run.',1
'The source article mentions the Church's insurance co. is the problem so, yes, he should sue.  Unfortunately.',1
'Probably not the right time for this. They are plucking babies out of the water on Staten Island! Maybe she can get some great shots at the funeral? Really???',1
'what happend to freedom of speach. You should move to china where you belong',1
'why don't they just release a oprah porn tape so everybody that is overweight can puke their insides out. the national enquire said in last months magazine, said that most women that post on the internet are overweight. they just sit and eat cookies and cupcakes with jif peanut butter on them and they think if they drink a diet pepsi it helps them loose weight. i believe this because that magazine has never lied in the past.',1
'Happy Halloween! Beaver annnal gland secrection as a hardner \r\nThat hard tack candy your feeding your child has beaver annnal secretion for hardner and can be called all nature because it nature beaver annnal glad secretion that is massaged by annnal messagers on beaver annnal gland farms.\r\nTaste so good and natural',1
'I lived in a small mountain town that experienced several days of heavy rain followed by 5 straight days of heavy snow. (more than 10 ft) We had very limited power with many brown outs, no heat because the pipe had broken under a flooded river, two avalanches had taken out most of our water supply and no trucks could get in to resupply us with anything - food, water, gas, sleeping bags, etc. I had two little kids I was trying to keep safe when a knock on the door brought me a Presbyterian minister who knew I was alone (hubby out at sea) and invited me back to his church. They had a generator and hot water. That's what should be happening in New York. He didn't know me, I didn't go to his church, but he knew I was alone and had two small children. Neighbor taking care of neighbor. God Bless him.',1
'Move along GG/MP find someone else to stalk - They're coming to take you away haha - They're coming to take you away hoho!',1
'Do you have any naked pictures of your wife?\r\nNo \r\nDo you what to see some?',1
'Tell you what Theresa, I will call Al Gore and the Fat Guy, what's his name, you know the puke that just did the video of old people acting insane. Bet you a pinetree they are sucking up more fossil fuels in one day than you will use in a lifetime. \r\n  \r\nIf you want to pretend to save the planet... go to China, Russia, India and all the 3rd World Countries and tell them to cut it out because you have a better idea.....yuk yuk.',0
'WHY ANOTHER LEFT WING PROPAGANDA FILM? LET'S WATCH 'STIMULUS' AS THE MONEY\r\nFLEW OUT OF THE TAXPAYERS INTO OBAMA'S FRIENDS FAMILY AND BIG UNIONS HANDS!\r\nWHERE'S THE GREEN ENERGY?',1
'zzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZ  ​ ZZZZZZZZZZ....',1
'After the last 4 years I can't believe that anyone is still dumb enough to vote for my lying asss....',1
'But then where would Obummer go to take his stupid message to his people?',1
'Contrary to popular belief, tipping is NOT mandatory.  I tip well when I feel someone has done a good job.',1
'He has the look that......he's listening to the dreadful automated on hold music.',1
'I like the article, it does not hurt to get more information, we already use many of the tips, but there are some I did not know about. I do not understand the angry posts. Just pick what can you use and do not complain.',1
'so?',1
'*facepalm* i hope not..',1
'Man',1
'Kate Upton \r\n Wait. That's me.',1
'Someone calling to tell him he got caught with his hand in the cookie jar again.  Smile reflects "So what, I'm still in charge of the cookie jar"',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',0
'I BET HE SAW THE WHOLE THING....LOL',1
'I have a 2012 Lincoln MKX that is way smaller than the gas hog GMC Envoy that we had.  The Envoy never got better than 16mpg.  We sold it for the MKX which was rated at 16-23mpg.  I hoped to get 20mpg but have never got better than 16mpg again.  These numbers are a joke and the automakers know it!',1
'I agree with you Lucy, those poor mother dogs have to live in the most deplorable conditions and are bred again as soon as they wean their puppies, they never get to rest and when they raid puppy mills, many times the mother dogs are to sick and weak to survive. Unfortunately people don't know this when they buy that cute puppy in the window. It is so very sad.',1
'I don't snub nerds.  After much thinking about life, I simply decided I'm happier on my own.  I find that I'm just not into this "romance thing."  It just bores me, really.  But if I was so inclined, I'd marry a nerd.  There is nothing wrong with nerds and / or geeks.  I actually like them as friends.  They are lots of fun to listen to & hang out with. \r\n  \r\nGirls -- don't snub nerds.  They are fun and probably a lot less trouble than macho pains in the ****.',1
'it can happen here, china own america, we work for them. ever wonder where the money was coming from when we were in a recession. your government sold you out. \r\nhow do you think you got your social security check or your disability check. \r\namerica is broke since there nothing being produce to sell. \r\nisnt time for those in congress and the senate to go. before you have to speak mandarin and the slang spanish.',1
'you are not sponge worthy.\r\n\r\n4loveofanus on the other hand.......he gots a great mangina',1
'I'm not about to line your bitch's pockets. She can use what she might be good at to earn money. If you are smart enough to catch my meaning.',1
'Well aren't you friendly. I bet I would be welcome there regardless of how much you think you would hate me. Anyway don't confuse being liberal with being stupid fiscally (this in regards to Obama and the American democrats and not New Zealand). The Republicans are the party of Liberty and Freedom even though they like to use the term Liberal to mean something bad.\r\n \r\nI will keep politics out of the entertainment zone as soon as the entertainers keep out of the political zone!',1
'This is ridiculous. If you can afford to pig out on 140 bucks you can afford a damn tip. This is just a cheap ****. I always tip, and if it isn't a big bill I still leave 5 bucks. Wait staff can be treated pretty awful and they are just working like anyone else, they are not slaves. This does make single parents look bad. The only time I do not tip is if the person serving us is rude to us and has an attitude. I still tip when they make mistakes because people have off days and they don't mean to forget things. sometimes I tip more when I can see they are having a bad day. I also leave more when a certain relative is with us because she is always rude and demanding and treats staff awful. There is no excuse for this behavior esecially when the bill was fairly large.',1
'Just the way you like you women!',0
'That is how all animals are farmed nowadays:  cows, pigs, chickens, etc.... \r\nIt's just business and business has to stay profitable...',1
'It was God's will that his leg be cut off...sorta like getting pregnant after being raped.',0
'I'm not sure what happened to country music, but it sure didn't make it to the awards show last night. Carrie, honey, that gorgeous voice of yours won't last long at that rate. Hunter, are you sure you were even in the right  building? And Taylor, for the love of God, GO AWAY!  Faith, hmm...not sure what happened there. \r\n  \r\nI watched the entire show, you know, that "train wreck" syndrome. Oh, yeah, and 'Pontoon'! I love that song.',1
'This is so true & What HERSHEY was built on; family and morals. I hate what Hershey has become. AMERICAN business needs to STAY in America. Hershey should never be anywhere but in Pennsylvania where Milton founded it. What comes around goes around ...',1
'Apple already makes something like that. It's called the iPod Touch.',1
'what's the harm????',1
'Mr. Obama is saying "I got this!"',1
'Once again Dip$hit this is not a news area.  This is a what is trending on the internet area.  And seeing as how the internet is pretty much world wide...  Well you get the picture, yeah.',1
'I don't. Sh-t service gets minimum. good service gets enough to make my wife, who waitresses part-time, give me grief. The single mom is an ****.',1
'I hope they get what they deserve for "selling out". Where are the Clydesdale horses now??\r\nBull Sht. .....sorry, I  meant  Horse Sht.',1
'he repeats himself a lot. \r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ -------\r\nOXY addicts always repeat themselves',1
'In the ocean, jellyfish. In the river, germs. And Poseidon, with his pointy pitchfork thingy.',1
'"I <3 My Obama-Phone."',1
'If I were Trump or anyone else, I'd shave my head and donate the million to my favorite charity: Myself.',0
'You got to love that taxation without representation thing. What will senators think of next? A breathable  clean air tax?',1
'You do know that the Nick Fury Sam Jackson plays is actually based off of him right? Oh, no? Well now you do.',1
'hail3gh needs 2 look around or come out the closet ,there are little kids [mainly black,some white etc.] who live n dwellings all over doing whatever while crack,speed and weed are being manufactured,package  ​ d or grown right before their eyes! that article is so true',1
'Why does China and the Europeans not cry about global warming when they get hit by storms? After all we get hit worse in North america and yet we have more regulations than any other country but yet global warming only hits us here? Sounds fishy to me! I think it was god trying to wash away all those liberal cry babies that are going to vote for Obama in the east! God was try to clean house before the election!',1
'Tried the angry whopper.  Not really spicy hot to me.  Was really hoping for that kick and it just was not there.  Whoever created it does not know what spicy hot should taste like.  Need to go back to the drawing board for this one.',1
'Because I can get more votes than Rosanne Barr in the election this year...  next question please... oh wait I read your crap... your one of those political trolls...  damn you guys breed like rabbits, have a good night lol',1
'You just can't stand somebody else having more than you. Quit your pitty party.',1
'Osama already took GM and Chrysler into bankruptcy and sold Chrysler to the Italians who are building a plant in China to assemble up to 500,000 Jeep vehicles annually and 33,000 that are currently assembled in Ohio.',1
'@ SuperBeast!!!!! I have like all these flyer miles saved up from past business and vacation trips around the world..... I currently reside in Rockwall Tx but am willing to travel....How about we make a small meeting with each other...Un-publicized scheduled a$$ kicking appointment... No phones, no weapons, 1 friend for the opposite rival... They in turn also can not be carrying phones or weapons...If you lose, which I know you will just from looking at your avatar of you in the late 80's, you have to cut 1 finger off each of your hands... It is the finger's you use to shove up your a$$ and your nose... You can claim disability like every other scum bag in the world after the fact.....',0
'If you can't afford to tip properly then you can't afford to eat out. The person who waited on you may be a single parent too and depends on tip money. There is no excuse for a $140 tab and no tip. Most of us single parents looked for deals, coupons or places where they have kids eat free specials.',1
'That was my reaction, too, when I first read it.  Glad to see that it's the gift that keeps on giving.  Of course, it's been expropriated from another commenter from some place else.  Share and share, alike (and provide proper attribution, when possible)!',1
'Guess you never heard of, let alone know AnyThing about the EVIL George Soros do you  Eddie.',1
'I got stopped doing 53 in a 35 mph zone. I pulled over as soon as it  was safely possible , I had my proof of insurance, registration and driver's license in my hand when he got to the window. When he asked me if I knew I was going that fast, I told him I didn't realize  I was going that fast. I was polite and said I was terribly sorry. He went back, checked my information and gave me a warning.',1
'Notice, you thumb yourself up every time......well, I guess somebody has to do it.....',1
'You guys said the same thing last year too. Saying after December, Unemployment will go back up. Guess what? it did not. Continue to have job growth after holiday season. Also, You do realize holiday season is EVERY YEAR. last I checked, Unemployment started to rise significantly during the holiday season of 2007/2008. \r\n\r\nNice try',1
'What, me worry?',1
'are you blind?? she has an amazing body with a size 15 waist ... google the girl if you like ... shes from brazil and in great shape. the pics are horrible but dont hate on the model for fake reasons.',1
'I don't see or hear the libs going apesh!t about the Prez and how no one's helped Staten Island, or about how the NYC mayor declared NY was fine... FEMA only decided to go today to Staten Island...after the outcry from the people.  So, yeah.. Sandy is to Obama as Katrina was to Bush.  IDGAFF if you don't agree.',1
'People are forgetting that they were "victims" of this storm also.  So what if they take a few pictures. The article says they took their pictures in THEIR neighborhood.  I could see the uproar if someone flew in from some other state just to take the pictures, but come on it's where they live. People need to get off their high horse and relax.  I find the comments people making on this thread a hundred times more offensive than these pictures.',1
'Didn't they just find a shark on a golf course? That was news!',1
'Who said they were looking for them in the first place? Realy MSN!!',1
'Wrong president dumb azz. That was DUBYA on all those vacations.',1
'Wait...  He apologized AND mentioned ecstasy?   There goes another Obama voter.',1
'Maybe the pastor was molesting his 10 year old daughter?',1
'Can these creatures walk? I notice that they sit up in very strange ways, as if they have back problems. I am sure they are just as cute in stride; show us the cat-walk!',1
'He did it, put him in jail;...............  ​ . now what did he do?',1
'But the REALITY is that Obama didn't say is, your boy Romney did - deal with it, look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself if you are really dumb enough to support this guy.',1
'you need to get out more...',1
'For the people who gave thumbs down....I know your smart enough to translate the simple message or you can have MSN translate the message in saying mitt was being completely literal and truly thinks Hurricane Sandy was as devastating as the mess a high school football game created..',1
'"non-important" states??  Really?!',1
'I dont get tips when I work\r\nNowadays it's tough to leave good tips........\r\n \r\nVote Romney/Ryan if you want to see big tips again\r\nThat's all there is to it...\r\nor expect little or no tips',1
'I live on the Gulf Coast where we get our share of hurricanes and high school football games, and once again, Mr. Romney hasn't got a clue, nor a clue bag to put his clues in.',1
'Forests in the world are more plentiful today than they have been in at least the past 500 years.',1
'I find this one truthful. I wonder what Barry thinks about his pal Joey??????????????',1
'Change the headline if it is inaccurate... Otherwise you are just supporting the lies that Fox spews out.',1
'What about applying for student aid / loans as a FOREIGN exchange student, but later in life claiming that you were born in the UNITED STATES of AMERICA?  And, what about having a birth certificate(s) that is/are not authentic?',1
'He's busy trying to cleaning up the messes that Bush left us, ended the war in Iraq and got Osama.',0
'How terrible. The owner is an older teen who adopted the dog as a puppy. In the source article he says the dog was his best friend and saw him through his parents divorce. FWIW Walsh does seem genuinely upset over the mistake, not that it brings the dog back or helps any. Maybe at some point when the pain recedes, Matthew can take them up on their offer and find a new best friend. Right now the kid just wants to make sure this doesn't ever happen again there, and I think that's a more than reasonable request.',1
'Isay   **** EM, THEN, LET THEM STAY WITHOUT POWER, ****S.',1
'Wonderful! It is something to strive for!',1
'Come on  you say  that country Music is dead but in reality Country Music has come alive sure the music is louder and the lyrics are more powerful but it is still country music , just sit back and close your eyes and listen to the lyrics they still tell a story about someone  or something in your life or someone's life that you know. so sit back and enjoy the',1
'Quite tasteless!  And I read in another article that she tweeted that she went home and opened a bottle of wine...  The city and areas are devestated and the only thing she can think about is her portfolio!  What a troll!',1
'My child would have obeyed, so this would never have happened.  Country needs better, more consistent parenting.  Of course we won't get it, but that is what we need.',0
'It's on LIfetime.  Enough said.',1
'Last year, I tossed the pair I bought the first year they came out.  They were not very attractive but were comfy and incredibly warm. I haven't bought another pair because of the ridiculous price-too bad as I like the new styles.',1
'I stand by what I said in my first post, I merely elaborated on it in my last one.',1
'It use to be that a performer actually had to be able to SING to win an award aka: Martina McBride, Reba, ect ect.  Now you have Taylor Swift, who basically talk/sings, and she is hailed as this fantastic country singer. Very sad',1
'I would've done the same thing.  If more people were this willing to stand up to criminals, there would be less crime.\r\n\r\nWe don't read about this kind of story very often, but they happen more often than the media reports.',1
'Rules that Violate my rights given to me by the U.S. Constitution are to be ignored.',1
'and this makes me lean towards Romney because?',1
'Wow - this list stinks!   For the genre that seems to be defined, wonder why "Dead Man's Party" by Oingo Boingo wasn't included?  Alice Cooper and the Toadies could fill out the list to 100, but what about:  Electric Light Orch (aka ELO) and Evil Woman?  Eagles Witchy Woman or Hotel California?  What about Michael Oldfield's "Tubular Bells" (aka-theme to The Exocist)?   Frankenstein by Edgar Winter Group? "Bring me to Life" by Evanscence?   Too many to keep naming...',1
'Listen, if I was attacked by a shark and he took a chunk out of me, he had better be ok with a condiment of poo to go with it bc that water would be littered with my feces. At what point do we stop feeling bad for surfers who are bitten by great whites?',1
'" Hug related injuries"?!!!!!  \r\nWTF kind of hugs are those children giving? \r\n Maybe they should have the parents teach the children how to hug w/o injuring people.\r\nJEBUS!',1
'this time of year in New York I see at least 5 out of 6 girls walking into my daughters school with Ugg boots on.',1
'I got a can of corn...just corn.....traded it off to the house down the street for exta candy.',1
'Tips are NOT normally split with all employee.  Only the floor staff splits tips.',1
'Retarded conservatives, please read the article and try to use your tiny little brains to comprehend. The article states they were NOT turned away.',1
'It was a terrible analogy and an insult to people who have had to clean up after a natural disaster.',1
'The shadows beneath and sting rays,,poisonous jellyfish',1
'I found it quirky and original....but what do I know....Iliked "Unforgettable"  With all of the garbage on TV, why so anxious to cut something that could develop a following?',1
'I just think it is funny because Myth is such a clown himself.  The biggest difference is that Mr. Burns has better script writer's so he doesn't have to Flip Flop or agree with everything someone else says.',1
'I still like Ike',1
'Yeah, Stella is another one I enjoy.',1
'Annheiser Bush league Beer!!',1
'This is what bothers me about tipping.  A great server in a Denny's gets, let say, 25% tip on $10 for a one person meal, $2.50.  Then you go to a 'fancy' restaurant where the meal is $100 and that server gets $25 when he/she does no more or less than the Denny's server.  Doesn't seem fair to me AND then someone has bad service at a fancy place and still tips them and they are getting 5 times the server at Denny's even when they are providing a poor service???',1
'Who is that guy I don't think he's done anything in four year either I dont even know who he is?  Did someone elect him boy you people sure are stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'i do not believe  he has any idea of the  true nature and extent of the  disaster and what it will take to clean it up. This is the same man ythat wants to disband FEMA.   The man is an idiot.  He should not run a garage sale let alone a  country.',1
'I have a mastercard,I also have a low credit score. My card cost me nothing,nada,no set up fees,no monthly fees. It is the best card i know of for rebuilding your credit and i have my grandaughter's picture on it. It's only $300.00 but if you pay it off every month for 6 month's it doubles! $300.00 isn't much but it can come in really handy for unexpected thing's! I also have a marathon gas card,and a walmart card. They are all the same as my mastercard,cost nothing to get or setup! Just a thought to those that have had a bad run of luck,but you have to pay them off every month! Look at it like this just follow the U.S. congress's role and kick the can on down the road untill thing's get better,or robme is elected. If that unforseen run of bad luck through some form of stealing the election happens charge you bankruptcry on your card and kiss your $ss good buy,we're screwed!',0
'I personally dislike both of them for this reason: \r\n  \r\nObama wants to cut military funding (which I am a part of). \r\n  \r\nRomney was given a notice for the draft and fled to another country. \r\n  \r\nplease correct me if either of these statements are false. \r\n  \r\n(Also, has anyone noticed that on spell check the word "Obama" is listed as a mistake and the other options are "Osama" and "Bema"?)',1
'Looks like she did the damage with her thighs.',1
'You read one article that mentioned a sentence about the guy and suddenly know him personally. Nor has this single article proven where Hershey is getting their cocoa so to become this angry over such a thing would lead some to think you need psychiatric care, IF, like you, it only takes a few sentences to judge you.',0
'Due to the lack of the neon signage and/or  billboard indicating them being buried below',1
'This goes to show anyone will do anything to be noticed.  Chances are she really is not a model, but hoping this will bring her fame!',1
'I smell dead people posting, gus!  ha ha ha....\r\n\r\n¿Or maybe thats PAID PEOPLE, como no?',1
'I don't want this clown running my country',1
'i actually enjoyed the humor in the way the article was written unlike tightass hail3gh',1
'"Hey! Even the president needs to fart once and a while."',1
'HEY MSN..........there is PLENTY of wonderful foliage in the mountains of SOUTHERN RIGHT TO WORK STATES!',1
'Boom,Boom,Boom....ou  ​ t go the lights....(chuck berry)',1
'The best day of my life is when My Wife and I said I DO. 41 year, I wouldn't change for the World.',1
'Dave, you look like you enjoy warmer weather so what is the problem??',1
'Get over yourself',1
'What, me worry?',1
'Ridiculous, people are suffering all the same isn't now the time to show some compassion towards each other?',1
'Some of the shoops were quite lulzy.',1
'THEY MIGHT BE UGLY, BUT THEY ARE VERY WARM AND COMFY.......',1
'if Kim had as many sticking out of her as she has had in her , she would look like a\r\nporcupine. What a $lut she is.',1
'Team Romney Admits “Relief” Event Was Staged for Political Reasons \r\nI also found this part of the story fascinating. The Romney campaign admits that the intent behind the rally was swing state election visibility, not hurricane relief: \r\nBut Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "opportunity" to exploit.',1
'Win-Win situation.   Either continue in the White House or move into a luxury house on the beach in Hawaii with full presidential retirement.   Win-Win situation.  I'd choose Hawaii if I were him.\r\nLol...\r\nObama/Biden 2012',1
'Jersey sucks always has always will',1
'RON PAUL, BlTCHES!',1
'No',1
'Sorry but Carrie Underwood just ain't country. I liked the Connie Smith tidbit she sang. Wish she would do a CD of the older 60s songs by women. I agree this was not country other than the tributes.',1
'Brosb - those places you are referring to are down near Denver.  Where I live, Denver is not considered the "high country".  I live in Breckenridge.  I don't know any "tight assed yuppies" here that I know of, and if there are - I'm sure we don't hang in the same places so I wouldn't ever meet them.  I'm not on my "high horse" - this is just my life.  And if you don't like it - sorry about that.  Jack - if you are 35 years old, you're too young for me. But hang in there and you'll find a girl that meets your expectations.  I didn't meet my husband until I was 40 years old.',1
'And speaking of climate change, Donald Fagen's new album has a song called "Weather In My Head" which Jason accurately describes in his most recent Cerebral Decanting Listening Notes.\r\n\r\n \r\nAnd speaking of Donald Fagen, it currently occurs to me that Steely Dan was one of my earliest and firmest agreements with Bob Christgau’s writing and assessments back in the day. After being a huge fan of the first four and then less so of The Royal Scam, I was taken quite aback when all my friends did handsprings over Aja, which I thought merely indicated that they (my friends) were weak minded and fools for easy shows of sophistication. And then in some now forgotten chronological unfolding, I found this --\r\n\r\n \r\nAja [ABC, 1977] \r\nCarola suggests that by now they realize they'll never get out of El Lay, so they've elected to sing in their chains like the sea. After all, to a certain kind of reclusive aesthete, well-crafted West Coast studio jazz is as beautiful as anything else, right? Only I'm no recluse. I hated this record for quite a while before I realized that, unlike The Royal Scam, it was stretching me some; I still find the solo licks of Larry Carlton, Victor Feldman, et al. too ****ing tasty, but at least in this context they mean something. I'm also grateful to find Fagen and Becker's collegiate cynicism in decline; not only is "Deacon Blues" one of their strongest songs ever, it's also one of their warmest. Now if only they'd rhymed "I cried when I wrote this song" with "Sue me if I play it wrong," instead of "Sue me if I play too long." Preferring long to wrong could turn into their fatal flaw. B+\r\n\r\n \r\nThat people (not only my friends, but some guy who I just read today in fact) mooned over the title song but ignored the much superior “Deacon Blue” became a sort of litmus test of musical aptitude to me. So much so that by then as a died-in-the-wool Christgauvian, when Kamakiriad came around in 1993 and Bob didn’t A list it, I didn’t even bother with it. Nor did I with Morph the Cat. To find out later that they were the last two-thirds of a trilogy that began with the still excellent Nightfly was both a surprise and let down. Made me think that Fagen himself was weak minded and a fool for easy shows of sophistication.\r\n\r\n \r\nSo this week, after buying the new one, Sunken Condos, from Jason’s recommendation and then adding the five Fagen songs Bob did recommend from Kamakiriad and Morph the Cat, I can conclude that, if those were the five best songs from those two albums, this new one is much better.',1
'The Liberal Media at MSN has blocked anyone from writting on Candid Snap Of Obama if you are against him .... I can write anywhere else on MSN except that wall',0
'You poster are an idiot.',1
'Romney said what ?',1
'This is another reason I left the Catholic cult. Praying to statues that try and kill you. Jesus is LORD!',1
'Your article clearly represents a viewpoint from a liberal media source trying it's very best to sugar coat a very volatile issue.  Non-union workers are not welcome in union controlled areas.  If and when those non-union workers are hired in union controlled areas, a prevailing wage must be paid to those non-union workers forcing the cost of repairs in the area to skyrocket.  I worked for a major restoration company based out of New Jersey and Insurance Companies did pay for that adjusted wage increase but it was very common for the unions to harass non-union workers and try to use the traditional strong-arm mafia style tactics to try and force non-union worker to join or threaten access closures to the projects and cut off materials supplies to the jobs. \r\n Yes, this really still happens in the great USA.  Aren't unions a wonderful thing?  Your reporting on this issue needs to tell the whole truth and not just your one-sided view of what you think the truth should be.',1
'"Yes, Michelle, I'll bring home a gallon of milk on Air Force One."',1
'by two faced, you mean romney, right?',1
'Yea but I will make due with what I have  :(',1
'Hank Williams and Roy Acuff must be turning over in thier graves with all these new so called country singers. \r\n  \r\nBill',1
'NOT YET! but if the REPUBLICANS get their way MINIMUM wage will be the first thing to go.',1
'Just relax and go with the flow!',1
'Someone........witho  ​ ut a brain cell!',0
'Obama was over heard laughing, and talkinmg about giving New York government aid, Obama said,  "there lucky they're in a state that votes for me, if it was North Dakota they could all get screwed".',1
';p  only in China, but lol.  Poor baby!!',1
'Shelters WTF are they good for...They Euthanize only after 2 weeks...Shelters should find homes for the dogs not destroy them......I believe we should close Shelters and put stray dogs and cats in a paid well maintained kennal until adopted...have the city pay for it..use some of our tax money for once.... for a good deed. RIP Zion....',1
'They're probably actually looking at a trash pile where ancient people left inedible items after they ate. Turtle is still a popular food in China.',1
'VOTE TO PROMOTE OBAMA TO BE THE NEW LIBYAN AMBASSADOR',0
'I agree, what happened to good ole country music!!  All the new entertainers sound the same, yelling, prancing & no real good country melody!!',1
'it says at THE BOTTOM OF THE ARTICLE, that it was a lie,   jesus! you people are so dense',1
'Most of you people do not get it.  OBUMMER was put in to office to do just what he has been doing,  BANKRUPTING AMERICA.  If he can bankrupt America then it is ripe for the picking, the UN can come in and take over and we can really start to be ONE WORLD with the UN as our world government.  Why else would the UN be so interested in our elections and be monitoring them?  Answer, they want OBUMMER back in office to finish the job they, the Bilderberg Group, the Tri-Lateralist and other one world groups put him in office to do.  Their puppet Billy Boy Clinton could not get it done so they need this idiot to finish the job with his hope and change.  The only thing we can hope for is that we get a change in administration soon enough to get this country out of the grasp of the UN and others that would have us be one world.  Look it up Sheeple, the Wikipedia version is pretty well waterd down the real truth can be had by looking at the many other explanation of these one world groups.  If it does not scare the Hell out of you then you have no business voting for dog catcher much less POTUS.  Do Not trust ABC the ALL BARACK CHANNEL, CBS the CLEARLY BARACK SYSTEM or NBC the NOTABLY BARACK CHANNEL.  They are the biggest cover-up that has been seen in history for all things BARACK.  Think for yourselves please, VOTE BARRY OUT NOW.',0
'A non issue',1
'If you had your **** blow away in this storm, you wouldn't be prancing around with your fat **** in the camera!',1
'Lethal amounts of some sort of narcotics, if we're lucky.\r\n \r\nGeez..... If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a bunch of nosey, self righteous, bible thumping, religious zealots.',1
'Can't wait until summer!  I just hate this cold weather.',1
'Someone would be in a whole lot of trouble if this was my dog!  I have two dogs in my family that I sincerely love.  If anything happened to them it would crush me!  These idiots need to be sued!',1
'Yes',1
'anyone read the source?  the pregnancy is part of the costume.  She wasn't really pregnant.',1
'Under "irony" in the dictionary, it says, "See this."',1
'It is a sin to pray to a statue, however, poor Roman Catholics, have to know the hard way...If the Pope read a bible, he wouldnt be a Catholic...You must understand the word is Pro-testant...It means those who Protested the lies of the unholy, Hell Bound, Roman Catholic Church...I do think the Papacy is more instrumental in leading more people to hell, then even the false teaching of the false prophet Mohammed...Both have a reservation in an eternal lake of fire.',1
'Commitment, Openness and Relatives that live on another planet.',1
'Not!',1
'I'm no handwriting expert, but the signature, and the sentence scrawled on the bottom don't match up to the printed note left in the tip section. I call bs on this one. I never leave a tip on my credit card. I always tip with cash and usually draw a line through the tip area. Something tells me that this receipt was tampered with, possibly by the server looking for a meme.',1
'I am a mixed woman (White and black) and my husband is white. I have to agree that white men in our society seem to have it harder than other races. However, each man stands alone and it is his responsibility to make sure he gets what he deserves out of life. Other races use the fact that they are not white as a tool to get over on others. What a shame that our society is not and never will be equal.',1
'I live in Birmingham.....sadly  ​  I can say that she will not even be the scariest dressed/looking person in the jail. ALthough I am impressed that she managed not to get any blood on her jacket! Kudos.',1
'What are you all haters going to do when he get re elected next week, hate for another four years?  Why don't you go get a job or do something constructive with your lives.',1
'No.  The last three times I have eaten at Burger King, I had the sh*ts all day.',1
'Some people don't know what your talking about. \r\nLes Stroud "Survivor Man" showed an easy way how to make a homemade pair.',1
'Oh, sure. Cleaning up a football field is exactly like cleaning up one of the biggest natural disasters to hit the US. Once, I knocked over my dog's water bowl, and mopping it up was just like cleaning up the flooding after Katrina, so I can relate to Mitt.',1
'religion is like history class with out the facts.    looks like FOX news at it again.  "they inform and you obey"',1
'Tel.i.Phone',1
'you must be black',1
'look like he pop his pants, ops i did it again! or have an orgasm.',1
'search tomahub on youtube',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'hey if you want to be stupid at least be nekked  :) heheheheh',1
'YES.  English, please.',1
'he looks really,really gay...',1
'I've always heard you got seven years of good luck from making out with a unicorn.',1
'These are the same people who think Facebook freinds are real.I agree with antagonizer',1
'one can only hope.',1
'Someone who has received money/donations/supp  ​ ort from the owners of said puppy mills. (probably some of the people who write these articles on MSN Now)',1
'Mormonism was started by Joseph Smith, a con artist. He invoked polygamy, which is a very common cult behavior. Although mainstream Mormons no longer practice polygamy, they swear to believe the words of Joseph Smith. If they could get away with it, they would still practice it.',1
'Yup Time for a Fatty,..Clear his mind for once',1
'Wow!!!! I'm the second to comment.. Noone gives a sh!t guys!  Anyone can do what you're doing, in 100 shots.',1
''kids sustaining hug related injuries...'\r\nHuh?',1
'As you can see, Daytonian, there are forces (or in the case of ComNads...Farces) arrayed against our making any collective headway.  Maybe its subliminal racism or whatever, but these poor excuses for fellow citizens are hoping for a longer recession.  That is the difference.  If Romney were to 'win',  I think you would find Democrats coming together to support the new POTUS.  Republicans traditionally (at least since 1980) have Not!  Think about it.  Please....\r\n\r\nAgain, have a fine day.',1
'Too bad, seems to be her only "talent".',1
'If you don't want an abortion, don't have one. If you are a man, it is NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!!! Quit obsessing about controlling women! We don't want you. Go have sex with yourself or another man. That is what you love.',1
'I love the German Shepherd, he knew how to die with style...lol',1
'oh..ok.',1
'half of these researchers needs to be seen and researched as well',1
'Dont forget sex with teachers',1
'LOL i know some of you are mad at this article and how it was written.....but just face it this was still funny lmao',1
'Jessie Ventura.\r\n \r\n-J Ventura',1
'Well Well Well..The people Vote....its democracy, if you dont like it, try moving to Russia and test the communist approach of governance. \r\nIn any case, can someone tell me, which presidents' leadership led to banking more money for his/her family, perfect healthcare , perfect economy. \r\nPolitics is the biggest gamble, to believe in each ones speech and fault for failed promises is just plain being STUPID. \r\n"Ask Not What Your Country Can Do For You".',1
'I would be scared to death to swim in the ocean.  When I get to where the sand is wet I start to panic.  Only swimming I do is in a concrete bottom pool with lights.  Listening to the ocean is soothing, go figure...',1
'The white house may never be bought or sold in our lifetime.  However, there might be a possibility of it being taken over.  China may foreclose on it!!!!!!!!!!    To the American people who have faced foreclosure, I say "hold your head high!"  Goverenment has almost lost our country!',1
'I am not sure what that is....but it's Bush's fault!!!!',1
'Not since the early 1970's.  Then you had a good idea of what you were getting.  Plus there didn't seem to be as many a__holes looking to kill someone for a "thrill".',1
'Live, Laugh, Love and COMMUNICATION.  I married my high school sweetheart and we both give 100% (most of the time). Communicate, don't hold things in.  We laugh a lot.  39 years and going....',1
'I read everything you wrote and it occurred to me that this was the Romney Plan aftermath, not the Obama plan. Sorry Charlie but Obama is clearly going to win.',1
'opinions are like a## Holes, very body has one',1
'Hannity on WH benghazi audio tapes: "i've heard they are damning; includes audio of SEALs BEGGING FOR air support".........!!',0
'And even a woman who made a mistake and gotten pregnant.',1
'Seeing the last trailer how the opposing teams are running towards one another, does bring in action. Assuming the adrenaline wouldn't be flowing watching the camera skip from character to character, taking in their facial expressions. And like you I've moved on to appropriate age books too. Though reading these books did bring me back to my youth when love was thought to last forever. Well for some on us.',1
'Without Gary Gygax and D&D, MMOs like World of Warcraft, Diablo, Pokimon, and all the rest of them wouldn't even exist.  Awesome games',1
'MisterKyte   \r\nNo, we're going to be on here CHEERING that the WHITE HOUSE IS FINALLY FIXED!\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ \r\n \r\nJUST LIKE WHEN DUBYA WAS IN OFFICE!!',1
'" Did I tell you my $hit doesn't smell. "\r\n \r\n " You believed every other promise I made. "',1
'I live in southern california and uggs are part of our wardrobe. Year round water activities make the ugg perfect for warming up the feet and toes after surfing and swimming. They are expensive but will last a life time if you take care of them!! LONG LIFE THE UGG',1
'Just stupid. The article is just stupid.',1
'For Shame how can a thinking person endorse a liar?\r\n \r\nMaybe it's a joke - if the Simpson's originator endorses Willard - the right might get their knickers in a bunch',1
'Apple has turned from technology to bullying...FU Apple...',1
'That is just horrible.',1
'Ingenious costume. It was very creative and fantastic.  \r\n Saw some kids in my neighborhood dressed as some of the other Minecraft characters.',1
'Why d'ya think they call it Christmas tree bud?  It's not just for breakfast anymore.',1
'I couldn't agree more... My heart is broken by the lack of kindness. Sometimes I feel like an alien in a world where what makes us "human" is the exception rather than the rule.',1
'Wake and bake?',1
'Wow, how can you have so much hatred for a stranger. Feel sorry for you.',1
'With all the studies reporting how detrimental marriage appears to be to womens health, I wonder why women still want to get married...?',1
'Mr.Burns is a typical example of the people who want Twit romney to win.',1
'Window sticker on my Prius says 46/51 mpg and I average about 51 during the warm months, but it falls to 43 from Dec thru Feb here in WI.  Not sure why it drops so much in the cold?  Maybe the batteries are less efficient and/or the gas engine needs more fuel to operate in colder weather.',1
'@ Humble ~ Communist Leader Humble..... Communist Leader....Chavez is a communist',0
'Fuzzy, you can't teach math to simple minds. They'll never understand.',0
'Whore-el, you DUMBocrat freeloading a$$hole...the gravy train ends Tuesday, Libtard. GET A JOB, you SOB.',1
'Shine my new bike (ex)cop!',1
'Now,now.I don't think Natural Blonde believes the lie,I think she's just part of the elite that none of this has ever bothered in the first place.There are folks out there that have no idea what a dump hole our economy is in.',1
'Because Tyrannosaurus Easter Bunny hid them so well? Idiotic question!',1
'"...whatever'',1
'Hey! rosie! You and people like you are all hateful bigoted trash! you are the ones who want to take rights away from people,and force them to live the way you say,and that makes you EVIL!  and a bigot! gay people dont want to take the right to marry from straight people,nor do they want to force you to be gay,but you and trash like you want to force every one to do what you want them to do! it is you and trash like you that want to take away gay peoples right to marry,sickos like you even try to FORCE there gay children to be straight,are you abandon them if they are gay! also you can call your self what ever you want,but you and people like you are not christians,christ was all about love,acceptance and compassion.none of which you or your kind practice or belive in.  PHUCK! YOU! YOU PHUCKING BITCH!',1
'Perhaps that applies when they marry you.',1
'Not only are you dumb,but your a dumb,brainwashed sheeple to!',1
'Unions have made the democratic party it's tool only because the oil, realestate, utlity and financial industries have made the republican party their tool. I am unionized and do not agree 100% of the time with union tactics, but niether do I agree 100% of the time with those I help elect into office. You will never be able to please everyone all or most of the time. I am better off with a union than I ever would be without. Don't kid yourself, you have very little say in where your tax dollars go, just like we may have very little say in where our union dues go, but we do so in trusting those we elect to handle these types of things. Unions do need to adjust with the economic times and we do..it's makes no sense to make demands beyond our employers ability to pay and make a reasonable profit...being unionized with contract we can request financial statements from our employer, if they truly are in dire straights the union will adjust...we will take pay cuts, and we will take cuts in other areas. Unions are very intelligent in their ways, just like all those other NON UNION special interest out there. So go enjoy your freedom to make your purchase choice of a Porche knowing you paid some foreign company employees their union wages as well, you exercised your right, so let me excercise mine to make a decent wage with benefits and joining a union.',1
'My cousin's daughter, Natalie Hemby, helped write the song "Pontoon".  I am relly proud of her.  As a song writer and a person.  The band did a great job with it.',1
'I have attended several military funerals for our U.S. Navy warriors.   Even these rough and tough warriors hug.  I met a few over the past several years and when they see me standing in honor of their comrade, they come up to me, clasp my hand, throw an arm around my shoulder and pull me to their chest and.. GASP!..  we'd hug (they in their dress uniform and me in my biker 'uniform')   MAN TO MAN!   Retired military to U.S. military warrior!  And no one had any negative comments. \r\nAnd it's against rules for CHILDREN to hug?    \r\n  \r\n(USN retired)',1
'You spend 2 Billion dollars{that's is with a B} to win a 400k a yr job and have your character assailed along with massive public humiliation. No wonder this country is Broke.',1
'Hahaha! Suck it Apple! Kharma's a bitch :)',1
'Oh ya man dude that is so totally such a downer I mean like it's so much more important and mind downer than anyone else who died today who wasn;t as important than this dude that really nobody else EVER heard of. GET A GRIP!!!!!!!!',1
'You shall make no images in the likeness of God, nor bow down to them...Isnt it amazing how much hatred the Roman Catholic Church has had toward Jews, and yet all of the statues they bow down to are Jews....Actually in the Book of Galatians Paul had to rebuke Peter, as he really had no use for gentiles...Shucks, If they were going to make up an office called Pope...Maybe it should have been a Jewish Rabbi named Paul...as opposed to a Jewish Fisherman named Peter...Someone needs to tell the faithful ignorant, the Cardinals are birds, football and baseball players...No such thing in the New Testament....Now you know the whole story...',1
'nanapatrisia@hotmail  ​ .fr',0
'The mega corporations need to invest in the workers and the people and not the shareholders. That would stop poverty and child labor because of poverty...',1
'why is this news????\r\nit should be a nationwide law outlawing these mills',1
'Did you try a 'resume' it might help you get a job.',0
'Are you saying the Detroit Tigers are owned by the Dutch?   You've bumped your head.  You're wrong about AmBev also, which is in Belgium, not Holland.',1
'Surface...you mean like Kim the Whale .......to gain more fans.....one tape was more than sufficient....for the oinker......Kack!',1
'No. There are people on both sides that claim the Bible as their guide. No influence here.',1
'some of the music is to far from country(keith urban) as an example. But the show was great, full of honest feelings and comments, congrats to all the winners.',1
'Loser!!!!',1
'Idiots',1
'It is sad that a wr iter, in an attempt to paint everything a rosey shade of "nothing to see here, move along" doesn't EVEN GET THE STORY RIGHT!\r\n \r\nRead the story at the link provided here.\r\n"The general manager of Decatur Utilities, Ray Hardin, told Friday morning they were presented at a staging area in Virginia. The documents stated they had to affiliate with a union to work, which the crews would not agree to. Hardin said the crews were not turned away, but were made to believe that affiliating with the union was a requirement to work.  \r\n  \r\nHey, Jonathan  Berr, you should do some real research before you complain that the news is "blown up" to show "the arrogance of organized labor." \r\nI would say that if a crew comes to help a storm-stricken state and is MET AT THE STAGING AREA WITH DOCUMENTS THAT STATE THEY HAVE TO BE AFFILIATED WITH A UNION TO WORK THERE..... that says it all. \r\nArrogance of organized labor? How about GREED and malice?  The state of NJ is in a "state" of emergency and any help should be welcomed, no "conditions."  But not in NJ. \r\nJonathan Berr is a drone, LOST IN SPACE, and has not done his due-diligence.',1
'stfu Nancy',1
'Love the boots but can NOT afford the price they charge!  If they were in the $100 and under price range, more people would buy them!  The economy isn't totally recovered and if they think we can all run out and purchase $150 pair of boots, they have another think coming!',1
'he looked pretty relaxed doing it.  It would be fun to go that fast once.  But I would want to drive...',1
'He get's that same look after smoking a fat one.\r\n \r\n-hippie lettuce',1
'They did!!! They ran out of gas after a week of running generators, traveling to get food, ice, fresh water, medical needs, clothing, ect. You've never been through one of these storms or the aftermath have you. I think you need to volunteer to help them to see for yourself before you comment any more on this.',1
'When I was younger I thought nothing of going night swimming. Actually that was my favorite time to swim...the beaches were empty of people, the moon and stars were out, it was quiet and lovely.  Then along comes the movie "Jaws" and ruined the ocean for me. I went scuba diving in Hawaii and that's the last time I can say I have been swimming in the ocean.  I'll get to my knees in the water now and that's it. I asked my husband could I sue Peter Benchley for taking away my enjoyment of the water and he told me he didn't think so but with all the frivolous lawsuits going on now, I should have tried.  I'll just stick to my pool; the only thing I find in it is the occasional frog.',1
'While he was praying to the statue for his wife, she was praying that the statue would fall on him because he is a greedy religious nutjob. \r\n They both got what they wanted - call it a day.',0
'The White House increasing in real estate value only means it takes more money to buy and retain what one already owns. \r\n\r\nYour money is worth less and you just have to pay more for stuff and just be prepared to pay more in taxes.\r\n\r\nIn fact the real estate value of the White House should have decreased with the report of Pennsylvania Avenue making the most endangered landscapes list and a preservation group blames the problem on neglect and maintenance issues but to admit the truth about the neighborhood would not allow the steady and predictable increase in real estate taxes.',1
'OR live below your means ... Have everything PAID OFF before you retire so bills are low. I live well below what I used to make ... and having a blast .. And I don't have anyone's or Gov. support. Unions are Great !!!! 32years with one.',1
'I would be happy to read absolutely NOTHING about either one ever again.  Unfortunately, THAT isn't going to happen. \r\n  \r\nActually that's incorrect.  There is one "final" news piece for either one that I wouldn't object to reading.',1
'Tuesdays Gone - good to hear from you too, just got our power up late yesterday after Hurricane Sandy - we live in PA so we were without power for 4 1/2 days - take care & talk to you soon',1
'In my particular point of view I'am agree Of the That Princess Sofia it is Spanish or Latina From the original Royalty Caracterisitics of her nice face and blue or green eyes.',0
'There are two accurate ways to figure out unemployment.   Total up all those collecting checks.  That is a pretty good indicator. \r\n As for inflation, M2 is a good indicator.   It is the amount of money in circulation.  It has increased 58% since Obama took office, therefore we have 58% inflation.   We have 58% more dollars out there.  Eventually they will be spent.   This is  why gold is up so much and the stock market.   The stock market will move higher the moment a new QE is announced.   We are currently printing 40 Billion under QE III a month.  That is about $500/family every month.   It will eventually show uip in the price of everything, but stocks, specie and commodities will lead the way.',1
'A desperate f'd up attempt by the dems. As usual it has no factual basis or a hint of reality. The only person I want taking care of me, IS ME, not the government!',1
'Totally clueless ... about EVERYTHING really .....',1
'iPhone? We don't need no stinking iPhone!',1
'I'm so high........hahahaha  ​ hahhahahaha.........  ​',1
'Only if Mama says so and if she can get her 10% cut.',1
'Oh hell ya, was the style at the time, FOFLMAO!!!',1
'Well  I didn't see you around, so I'll have to adjust my percentile numbers, but you're so far to the right on the Bell Curve I could barely detect your presence. You still don't write in complete sentences. I see some  mild improvement though, for you've managed to squeeze out several words in your post. Still no one likes your two cents like always:(',1
'Selaine & Rose, ROCK ON GIRLS!!\r\n \r\n"(Lyrics from an old song, I don't know who wrote it, but words to live by.)"\r\n \r\nThat would be funny if the songwriter hadn't become the First Recipient of the Gershwin Prize from the Library of Congress. And the winner is (drum roll please):\r\n \r\nPaul Simon.\r\n \r\nYou're welcome!',1
'...one mom blogger the receipt might be "a very awful prank to make single moms look bad."\r\n\r\nyeah, whatever.  like I believe that's what this person set out to do, make single moms look bad.',1
'This sick creep shouldn't be leader of the line to the toilet!',1
'Saph, I was going to suggest taking some business classes but I think you are just too dumb to understand. Bain bought weak companies and either strengthened them or sold the assests depending on what was more profitable. As for creating jobs, how many did Obummer create with his stimulus? We are $6 trillion deeper in dept . He spent about a million bucks for every 5 jobs created. 13 million more on food stamps and the UE rate is at "7.9%"). The only reason its below 10% is due to the vast numbers of unemployed that ran out of benefits and no longer sign up.',1
'and kelly clarkson/vince gill don't rush it.  country NOT! although a catchy simple tune.',1
'" Oh well, I missed the deadline to set my fantasy football team roster this week."',1
'I fully expect a newly elected Obama to come after conservative commentators and bloggers -- with a vengeance -- soon after the election. Once elected -- whose to stop him?\r\n\r\nIt has become clear that they will declare a threat to the national security of the United States exists by way of the Internet -- and -- that in the name of national security, the Internet must be brought to heel under the auspices of the US government. A Presidential Executive Order will be signed, over and above the protests of the people of America, and THAT, dear reader, will be THAT! (Uncle Joe Stalin would be so very PROUD of Obama!) \r\n\r\nYou may have noticed the racheting-up recently of stories concerning all sorts of cyberattacks, including cyberspying, in the Mainstream Media. As the MsM has now proven itself an organ of the Democratic Party, one must view anything they report through the prism of leftist bias in favor of President Obama. \r\n\r\nWhat I am saying is simply -- we cannot know how much of what they are telling us about the silent cyberwar going on on the Internet is true -- or -- if they are simply following orders and laying the ground work for Obama's move to clamp down on the Internet and, ultimately, control it.\r\n\r\n Look. There was never any question about the government (or governments) coming after the Internet. As soon as they became aware of the latent power of the web and the immense power to influence others the Internet provided those not in the ranks of government, the unspeakable power the Internet placed in the hands of the great unwashed, the proletariat of the world, the dye was cast. \r\n\r\nThe Internet has become an adversary of government, and enemy to dictators, rogue governments, and over-reaching, power-hungry, democracies the world over.\r\nAfter the role the Internet played in the so-called "Arab Spring" uprisings, there was absolutely no doubt that the Internet would be muzzled by world governments including the government of the United States -- and the Rogue's Gallery at the United Nations. \r\n\r\nWe here in America can forestall it a while longer by insuring that Obama does not get a chance to sign that executive order after January 20th, 2013. We can vote him out of office November 6th. \r\n\r\nJ. D. Longstreet',0
'In season. We give permission for friends to bow hunt the turkeys during turkey season. That keeps the population down a bit. There's a neighbor up the hill that harbors them and they just go nuts. We just have to pay attention and "discourage" them. Hazing them  is against the law too. : {\r\nBtw, hi Roland. :)',0
'" im high as a muthaf**ka yo!"',1
'many people call me smiling face, the police has stopped me many, many times, once I was even under the influence and never got a ticket, my approach is: Big smile, hi officer how is your day going, it's my fault. This has work for me very well.',1
'Hahahahahahaha Ignorance is contagious... Try keeping stupid comments to yourself phuck wad..... Hitler was a socialistic scum bag.... He let his people live off of the slave works of the Jewish People... Nazi's were socialist's a$$ wipe... Try doing some freaking research first before responding with such an idiotic statement',0
'No, I haven't.  I've read the posts regarding this, and like these people, I don't have money for this.  I do all of my clothes shopping at Goodwill. I can get alot of things at Goodwill for the same price as UGG boots. I agree with Dirty Harry376-except for the part where he says b--ch.  :)',1
'My pastor stole all our collection money and went gambling....does that make me a bad person?\r\n \r\nObama wasn't the one that said it. Obama quit that church. What more do you want? Should Obama blow that pastors head off with a shotgun to make it right by you?\r\n \r\nWhat exactly do you want?',1
'Do you ever wonder what kind a person it is that gives a thumbs down to something positive?  Pretty sad',1
'If you want to make more money then you should get an education and get a better job. The tipping system is messed up. How come you don't tip your gas station clerk? or tip your checker at the grocery store? I tip when i go out to eat and its usually around 15-20% depending on how great the service is but i don't want to. I do it just because its expected. Nobody tips me for my job. I don't feel sorry for you.',1
'The math is out there and the edge is to Romney right now. I guess Obama can try to pull off his Chicago way to win..... Vote early and vote often.',1
'It's funny, most girls are always concerned about how guys view them - these boots are just flat out ugly. Now for the LOOK...put on some hiking boots with your jeans and you'll look hot!!',1
'Buz Zerka!',1
'Agreed, I may not always tip big but I dont go out to eat without the ABILITY to tip. Thats the difference I see between us and this person.',1
'Putten endorses obama',1
'I hope he was an Obama voter..',1
'Both Ho's, but Rosanne does have integrity.',1
'No, I don't like being part of a mindless herd all dressed alike. It's North Face fleece and Ugg boots for the herds around here. Even the adults are wearing that ensemble.',1
'Bacon.  And maybe some tomato juice but mostly the bacon.',1
'I think he got it right the first time. For once.',1
'I read the series.  In the last one it told of Bella's baby girl being born and growing really fast.  I have been wishing there would be another book about the baby.  Think there will be?',1
'@ Super:   Debunked?  are you effing serious?  i think you mean after a month and a half they finally got their lies straight.  Saving GE put us even further in debt and whos to say it doesnt fail again?  youre phucking morons who dont understand economics.  The bailout was pain killers to a broken arm.  Letting it fail would have been the cast to heal it.',1
'I'm really not that ugly though am ?',1
'we always tip based on service.....if service is bad, then we leave just a tiny tip (they're used to being stiffed!) so they get the message (hopefully) that service was not good......i don't fault the waitstaff for food issues unless they didn't turn the order in right.....dh is prone to not leave a tip of any kind if service or food is bad',1
'Where's the photo MSN? Or are you trying to discreetly cover-up for this soon to be bankrupt 500 million dollar Owebowmao green energy recipient. To my fellow internet users search Fiskers Hurricane Sandy and you will find the photos of 16 Fisker Karma luxury electric cars burnt beyond recognition. And just imagine getting in an accident where the car becomes partially submerged in water and you burning to a crisp with your ecologically sensitive wonder car!!!',1
'Let Me move one word in that statement. "Global warming, It's stupid ."',1
'W#hatever happened to the real country music?  Couldn't even understand the words the singers sang, too much loud band music behind the singers, special effects, and I really miss Alan Jackson, Willie and George Strait.  The days of listening to a western song and crying in your beer are gone.  These singers should not be calling themselves western singers, they are pop singers.',1
'meet your 50 plus rich man or mature woman by chance ,make a hot dαte.\r\nChoose ----- www.seniorencounter.  ​ com -----',0
'Wake up and go to work.. oh yeah you don't have to. You are a union parasite and are the reason real workers cannot get jobs.',1
'yea poor kid and yes sue the police and put the guy in jail ,,beat his **** if you can ,but truthfully kids these days have no respect for authority ,,I am sure  he will think before he tells a cop no he's not going to do what hes told to do again',0
'have never and would never wear these ugly boots!!',1
'It's fake. As an earlier comment said the writing does not match.',1
'"It's the one-way door for you Tramp"',1
'Nah, Maggie - you are actually one of my kinder adversaries (for lack of a better word) on these boards.  And i really did mean it when i wished you a good day.',1
'Michelle is on the other end telling him where she will be vacationing for the next 4 years on the taxpayers dime and that he dang well better make sure it happens!',1
'Cute idea, but he's probably a secure and reasonably trusting kid.  His Dad, I hope, did a bit more in the way of testing than relying on self-reported reactions to pictures. Not everyone looks at eyes first.  Making eye contact can be a trigger for agression, so some of us avoid that with strangers and watch body language and listen for tone of voice and word choice that might give us a clue.  I know there's a combination of software and hardware that can be used to determine where someone actually looks, and you might get different results with live people looking at live people.  That would give him some better data.  The age and sex of both subject and target might be other differentials.   (Also, did he check those with Autism?  Or did he just want to know about average individuals?)  When looking at pictures, I gather people do look for eyes the way young babies do as soon as their eyes are capable of focusing, but maybe not quite for the same reason.  For adults, knowing where the head is on a potential predator is probably a survival instinct.  Punching a shark in the eye is supposed to help, for example.  On the other hand looking an agressive dog in the eyes may convey a challenge, and again, it's better to watch body language and listen. Some of us have learned that, too.',1
'I don't F_cken think so.',1
'I don't think anyone really knows the answer to that question.',1
'IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT MEANS YOU SHOULD KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT NOWADAYS.PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS LOOKING TO GET YOU INTO SOME SEXUAL CONVERSATION AND THEN CRY WOLF.',1
'So she murdered two kids because of a dispute with her boss? Here's your medicine bitch... a lethal injection syringe.',1
'The epitome of trendy,{trailer park,} fa$hion and the shallow, superficial, insecure twits that buy into it. The producers could not have been more obvious or laughed harder going to the bank then when they named those abominations, "Ugg boots." But still the suckers lined up and bought into it.',1
'Honesty and compromise are the two keys to my marriage to my HS sweetheart for 26 years this past August.  And I apologize for any grammatical errors.  Hemodialysis makes my brain fuzzy by the end of the day.  TTFN',1
'Just a tip:  when you are making an absurd, extremist, whack-a-doodle statement about the President, you should at least try to use correct grammar.',1
'Don't use credit cards in the first place. Only bad things can happen from them. Debit cards ( where you actually HAVE the money ON HAND to pay for stuff) can be used everywhere a credit card can.... and no debt from it. People who use credit cards for a few extra bucks a year are assuming RISK. There is NO RISK with a debit card. What happens if you lose your job, or you get sick and can't pay it???? Oh, that's right, that'll NEVER happen in your case.... right ?? Not trying to start anything, I just have seen it WAY too many times.... Murphy's Law.',1
'It's no more stupid than MSNs attempts hourly to talk sh-t about Romney.',1
'Lol religious fanatic and lawsuit happy?  Must be a republican...',0
'Jeff, I know you cant help feeling full of SH-- due to some stresses in some armed conflict somewhere, but this prevarication and Yellow Journalism business should be beyond you.\r\nIt really does resound with desperation.',1
'I'm sure that if she was wearing a thong - hard hat - work boots and carrying a chain saw that covered her bare breasts in a tasteful fashion that would be OK.  Right????',1
'serves him right for engaging in such stupidity,Its a religion started by backward desert people,come on wake up!',0
'Go on youtube and watch Ma & Pa Kettle do math.  frikkin awesome!',1
'That was awesome, and really cool of Fern to do that. Way to go Fern, and the entire team for supporting the effort.',1
'Hey people that are thumbs downing this, please explain why without using the word "Romney"... Try sticking to positive things obama has done and talk about his awesome record of achievements please...LOL\r\n \r\nGood luck!',1
'Sometimes cops are sitting in the area where they know people easlity misread. i EXISTED FREEWAY ONCE AT NIGHT using exit unfamiliar to me, cop imediatly stopped me telling me i missed a red light. I asked him for forgiveness not even knowing which light did i miss...i just turned right exisiting the freeway (still dont know what light he was talking about. Cop told me that he was sitting here for a while waiting for someone to give ticket to. He knew that someone new to this exit will not notice it because it is 'easy-yo-miss'. And he gave me a ticket. The same happened on a street i live in. Thye put new stop sign and right away started to ticket people because people were not acostom to this new sign...so they had a 'feast' charging tickets. Also, i work in a place that is remote. When i work late and get on a freeway at like 10 pm, it is empty and you dont realy feel your speed because there are no cars around, Withing a minute of getting on a freeway, the cop may stop you with a speeding. Thye know that we are and 'easy' target at late hour on an emtry freeway. When ressession was at it's worst here in calfornia, the tickets where given twise as often because they needed money. It was to the point of abusing the drivers. No forgivness. This articel does not tell you what to do. If you agree with the acusation, you will be ticketed.',1
'bag of dicks',0
'The first time I saw a man's penis, I was almost traumatized for life.  "What IS that nasty thing??"',1
'M with a B',1
'I have found myself that this marrying up thing is ridiculous.  For years nice guys have been pushed to the side because we don't have a big enough bank account, or drive nice cars, or are able to take women to nice restaurants or for a good night on the town.  We are expected to pay for it all on a date, an outdated concept from the days when women did not work.  Most women, not all, are looking for a man with a good steady job but with the economy, all the layoffs and businesses going under how is this helping a guy?  In other words maybe if everyone went into marriage for the right reasons, love, instead of looking at bank accounts, or where they take each other for dates, basically ALL people need to quit looking at financial, economic, and MATERIAL things for marriage and start looking at the real reason for marriage, love, and marriage would be what it is supposed to be to begin with!!!',1
'Noo',1
'Obama adm.development of our US government into a vehicle for total submission of the people of America to a dictator;  \r\nObama, Pelosi and the jammed the most intrusive and un-Constitutional piece of legislation since the New Deal down the throats of the American taxpayer.\r\nThe climate bill's passage was facilitated by a wild orgy that some called "." \r\n300-page "Manager's Amendment to the 1,000-page Energy Tax bill" was at 3:00 in the morning. Not a single person had read when it was voted upon later that same evening.\r\n\r\nSo much for Obama's vaunted transparency and his promise of "five days" for Americans to review each bill \r\nThese tactics were necessary because if the American public had time to read and digest the bill, they would have marched on Washington with torches and pitchforks.',1
'Its their country...... Let them run it how they choose too....  This should be utter proof to ALL women that they have it really good here in the States.... Feminazi's? Heeheheheheeeheheheh  ​ eeeheheheee.. Its the perfect place for anyone willing to bitch about our own laws. Gays can move there, Women who hate men can move there, Democrats can move there, Athiests can move there.... Hell every liberal we have here in America can move there........... Remember folks!!! If you are feeling oppressed from any misdeed done to you in America by a group, organization, a person of a different race, or one of a different sex or the same sex for that matter..... Come see me and I will buy you a one way ticket to Saudi Arabia so you can live there for good and get the f-ck out of my America.....',0
'GOV Christie said that this isn't true live on TV. According to him there was a miscommunication  while they where in transit to NJ in VA. So for all you anti pro labor people and Fox Zombie's find some other BS story to hate on!',1
'remember this 2013 we will loose more jobs you need to bank on it when that 746 billion dollars cut in the mili. budget comes in affect 2013 in February watch it there will jobs lost but oh well another four years in the sewer with OBAMA',1
'I would have sued the $hit out of the cop, slapped him with child abuse charges, made sure he went to prison. Let the general population take care of him. Problem solved.\r\n \r\nTELLING HIM TO CLEAN HIS CAR?! What an arrogant, stupid @sshole. Yet another kid who will grow up hating the police.',0
'I have a '03 Bonne and it gets 33 hwy and 23 city. Avg 26. The best car ever. Hated to see Gm stop producing that brand. Wish I could buy another one.',1
'That goes to show some people have no mind.',1
'90s kid, i have never noticed any connection  between jokes and taffy. What is your brand?',1
'a lot of people have a lock on their phone in case the lose it.',1
'These kinds of laws came from the minds of Liberals...everywher  ​ e.',1
'She looks a bit like Greta van Susteren.',1
'When a catastrophe happens, life so changes.  When a city, a community is in such turmoil and pain, you need to heal and mend before you move forward.  Everyone needs to concentrate on regaining their life back, regaining their community back and regaining their city back.  It was very insensitive to think a stupid marathon needed to be hosted at this volatile time.',1
'Damm can u guys read the story ....they cant confirm it to be true !!!!! you anti-union people with your stories sound like extremists!!!! "its the end of the world if unions continue" fear mongers',1
'No, I have never worn them.  Always thought they were overpriced and, well, ugly.  (Though I never did tell that to my friends who spent a fortune on them.) \r\n  \r\nHowever, they were apparently very comfortable and that should take precedence, right?',1
'You're acting like this kid hacked into the turtle with a machete. What he did was harmless and has been done for hundreds of years. Think about it. When scientists tag an animal it's MUCH more invasive and does cause pain but that's ok...\r\n\r\nIt's armchair philanthropists such as yourself that are ruining this country...Moron...',1
'I loved the one at the 33 sec mark.. that was so cute.',1
'You could not buy or think up this kind of advertising to promote you business ? Great job an concern to Mr.Nicotra ...',0
'Yes.  They believe that their belief is as "right" as yours.',1
'Kind of look like George Bush',1
'Lol yup. Worked for "your" lazy asses for hundreds of years. GTFOH stupid bastard',0
'I worked in the shoe dept. at Galyans over 10 yrs ago... A store where we had to actually know about the shoes we sold. With that said, UGGS are NOT, I repeat NOT made for the winter. They do have winter UGGS, but the styles as you see pictured above are absolutely not!!! And your feet were never dry (Not with real snow)! All lies... Wet feet = cold feet. My friend ordered a leather pair and she walks in the snow (in Western NY) with bags around her feet. they were made for Australian weather. Sun, sand...they keep your feet cool in summer, warm in fall and meant to be worn w/o socks. I hate people that put stuff on just for fashion and have no idea what it is or what it does..., but you'll spend a fortune on cluelessness.',1
'"Been married four times, the smartest of the bunch, #3 didn have a degree at all."\r\n \r\nI'm dying here Mudrake! Thank you.\r\n \r\nROFLMAO!',1
'The lib media is now so worried about the election that they are searching for anything to sway the masses...sheep if you will.  I for one don't believe everything I read, and don't consider this pap to be journalism, but, alas, outlets like the New York Times, Wash. Post, and yes, NBC have shown me this is northeastern, liberal, biased reporting at its best these days.  Keep not covering Libya and the breakdown there, keep spinning the jobs report as a positive, keep finding these little kernels to sway the sheep....great job on "just giving people the facts".',1
'maybe his leg was the price he had to pay for his wife's life.  nothing in life is free',1
'American needs Main stream  Republican's to take control of their Party....... Mainstre​​am  Republican's  need to GROW A BACKBONE and  REMOVE the EXTREMIST that have infected their RANK AND FILE....FROM CONGRESS.....These Extremist  are doing the Republican Party a disservice, these Extremist are doing American's a disservice......The Wacko's need to be removed so we can MOVE THIS COUNTRY FORWARD !!!!!      \r\n We need at least a two party system.....But if Mainstream Republicans's don't come to their senses,  WE DON'T NEED THEM EITHER...this country will move FORWARD without them..... Wake up Republican'S that play between the 40 yd lines....DEMAND YOUR PARTY BACK !!!!!!!!!!!  Hey Mainstream Republicans  Chris Christie, Colin Powell, and Bloomberg GET IT and you CAN TOO!',1
'Just so we're clear: While starving New Yorkers dumpster-dive for food, while commuter delays rage, and while Staten Islanders beg for food, gas and clothing, Mayor Bloomberg has time to talk about "climate change." Noted.',1
'I have a bridge in broklyn to sell you newbe. Your an idiot admit it you nit. My guess is you dont' have a clue how come you had good health insurance, wages and working hours. It came on the back of hard working and dead men and women willing to fight for your right to these things. It's called collective bargaining, Unions. The government give you this stuff? Did God give you this stuff? Some "nice" formen?  Were do you think this stuff came from? Some really nice guy Boss? Man your a a sheep to the slaughter. Good riddance.',1
'Make it dod what it do 50 !!!!!!!!',1
'Walk like an Egyptian. out of news coverage.',1
'"50 plus" singles seeking Cupid',0
'Or move out of the country to somewhere exotic and cheap... I'm planning on doing that when I retire (as I just got out of college last year and can't currently find a job, it will be a while..)',1
'I've seen worse......whats the difference between her and a dame to cheer up the \r\nboys during the WAR?\r\n \r\nIt's fairly harmless if you ask me.......IS she naked?....give it up for the ILL NaNa!\r\n \r\nThe real culprit is the camera man\r\n \r\nThat damn camera man, why would he take a picture of a fully clothed woman\r\nThe nerve of that damn guy!',1
'self like',1
'what for I wrote three and no one responded',1
'reality show star - get a life.  who listens to ur BS?',1
'Oh shidt....Porn posting is back....Thanks Jeff.',0
'Romney you are a Dip-Dong...Please go back to your mansion and magic underwear come Nov. 7th.',1
'Loving your spouse...we are still on our honeymoon after 41 yrs',1
'@Mike...You're funny....****...Sorr  ​ y I meant JB...There is an influx of douches and rubes (no offense) on this site....So when answering my "fans", if you are one or the other, you will be referred to as such...DEAL WITH IT!   DOUCHE!!!',1
'I would have beat the snot out of the sorry excuse of a humabeing the shelter director  \r\n  \r\nIf this had happened to my pets',1
'Sorry, this is pretty bogus. \r\nGo to an insurance company to get auto buying advice? That's how they make their money: from kickbacks from auto dealers and manufacturers who glom onto suckers steered to them from insurance companies and other vendors like MSN offering 'Freebies' - not so free when you're paying a premium price for the product. \r\nSame goes for any free addon offered as a collateral to your hotel, airline, or any other purchase. It's not free at all! You've already paid for it up front in the premium price you paid for the initial product or service.',1
'worst disaster?  Um.......9/11?',1
'and they wonder why they are out of work',1
'NOT!',1
'lillyblues, you have a very p!sspoor memory.....fortunatl  ​ y the internet does not. In the summer of 2008, before Obama was elected, gas was over $4.00 a gallon. It hasn't seen those numbers since.',1
'Didn't Mark remember that Donald offered to shave his head if his wrestler lost in a hair vs. hair match at Wrestlemania 23 (2009)?  For those who care, his man won the match and it was Vince McMahon who had his head shaved.',1
'I think that if this was true then the restaurant wouldn't have shame with letting thier name instead of the customers visa card # be visible!!!!',1
'Crimson that was me that wrote those posts. After just signing on to this I was laughing at everyone going back & forth. I was new to this but after reading more of his posts & after what yall told me I understand now what they were talking about. \r\nAfter reading what Maggie said Im seriously thinking of never signing on this again...too scary if you ask me! \r\nAnyway...I could see where you would be skeptical, however I know nothing of anyone personally but starting to figure each individuals out.',1
'LOL, Obama has done nothing for wages and benefits moron, his health bill states that you either have insurance or the IRS will fine you. How is that improving health care? And already many employers are stating that if Obamacare goes into effect, they will no longer offer insurance, the employees will be responsible for it on their owen. I know your obviously a liberal, but maybe read a little and think about what you say before name calling and saying idiotic things.',1
'Tip well or don't go out and eat.  Unless, the service was terrible you should tip.  If the food is bad that is on the chef and owners.  They can comp you a meal but you should tip your waitstaff.  \r\n \r\nStay home if you are going to be cheap.',1
'50 years minimum.  They have no regard for life do unto them.',1
'XXOO..., no comment.',1
'Aspartame has been a problem for every member of my family, triggering migraines in many of us even seizures in one. My Dad is diabetic and his doc said avoid it from the start. Your body is not fooled by these chemicals. Anyone out there old enough to remember the cyclamates(sp) of the 70's?  Tasted great-but the lab mice & people were dying of cancer at a sharp rate. Go back to pure cane sugar, in moderation!',1
'I guess this proves again, that money does not turn low class people into classy people.',1
'Hugging under a bridge and blaming the president=the most stupid comment so far.',1
'If they are so hideous a bizillion people out there are too.  I LOVE my Ugg's and always will!',1
'Had to look at photo again to notice destruction at first glance just noticed a Fine B only complaint would have liked to see a back pic!',1
'What does the "Chicago Democratic Machine" have to do with a story about Alabama and New Jersey. Do ...  no CAN  you moron's even read? DO you just use every blog to spout out political crap that has nothing to do with the article?',1
'In my opinion, the girls on 16 and pregnant are nothing but whores and skanks.  Have they never heard of birth control and condums?  And don't tell me that their 'religion' prevents them from using them.  All they want to do is have unprotected sex and then dump these kids into the foster care and welfare system to be taken care of by the tax paying public.  Tired of people like this.  World would be a better place if they were never born.  Too bad that THEIR parents never used birth control.  Stupid A$$ networks should not put these programs on TV and glorify these ignorant girls.',1
'Being prepared is important. 3 weeks from anarchy at all times\r\nYou need 3 months worth of supplies for each person in your family min.  This article calls for 72 hrs is as you will see not enough. Many people are already running out of their 3 day supply\r\nMore things you should have other than what this article states (I am on the DHS domestic terrorist list because I am a prepper, so I know how to be sustainable w/o gov help) because these events may take weeks or months to fix. \r\nKnow wild eatable medicinal herbs and how to use, prepare and seasons. hunting and trapping skills and tools\r\nGrover Rocket Stove for cooking sterilizing water.\r\nKnow the egress from your location when roads are down. Generators need plenty of gas and electricity to pump the gas from the station\r\nWater purification systems and pills for when the bottle water runs out and FEMA can't get to you.\r\nSolar generators of all sizes to charge communication devices.\r\nstored dry beans barley wheat oats\r\nrechargable batteries\r\nguns and ammo for hunting and protection\r\nGuns/ ammo fishing equipment \r\nRopes, ways to cross rivers(toxic) \r\nDo not depend on FEMA to bring these 27 essential things have them',1
'Living in a fish bowl?  Is that like "Oh, there is that diver again!"  "Oh, there is that diver again!"  "Oh, there is that diver again!"  "Oh, there is that diver again!" ....',0
'My wife and I bought a 2012 Hyundai Sonata in July this year. I am averaging 41 MPG at 55 mph, 36 MPG at 65 mph. 90-95% of my miles are highway. I am VERY satisfied with my Hyundai MPG. I think the sticker stated 35 mpg, so I am achieving way above that. Maybe I am the exception?? Either way, it's great.',1
'You can't go around hating everyone that is supporting OUR president...Soon, you'll have no one left to talk to....',1
'Crimson, that is an understatement....Na  ​ p could easily take a bone off of a junk yard dog....trust me....LOL!!!  You could do Crimson, you are on top of your game!!!  I miss Down Goes Munster.....I wish he were still around, I wonder what happened to him?',1
'record number on welfare\r\nrecord number on disability\r\nrecord number on food stamps\r\n\r\n\r\nLet's move forward AmeriKa.',1
'Would I have been freaked out?  Let me get back to you on that. ;-0',1
'Whats up fat girl???? Eating another sandwich I suppose!!!',0
'I start them out at 15%  They can go up or down from there, it's up to them.',1
'No, they are too pricey. I like them but could not see paying over $100.00 for something that is just worn in the winter months.',1
'SANDY compared to football field cleanup  continue MItt lol',1
'Give your wife a big hug for me!!!!  I am sure she needs it!!!!!  She is a hero gal, if she is married to you!!!!!!',1
'Doesn't change the fact that the photos are just plain tacky.',1
'As a married man of 15 years I would tell all men never to get married! Women live for the moment and the situation! As soon as they stop getting thier way(supported) they decide to move on. 95% of the time the man loses his **** and everything else in the divorce because the women wants to "stay home with the kids"and never becomes self supportive. Marriage is not for the males best interest in america.The divorce rate is over 50% for a reason right! When my marriage ends I will never get married again...  \r\nThe real reason women are starting to make more than men is because the job field for men is steadily deteriorating and the one income that used to support a family can no longer do that.And to all you women that say you dont need a man to survive,I say more power to you!! I cant wait to see all of you try and build something or repair your own cars one day!',1
'Say what?  Ask a pertinent question or find someone in your midst who can.',1
'Retiring early so this will help get a decent price insurance. I don't minfd paying as long as It Ain't a COBRA. What a rip COBRA is. Govt. jackass thought up yhat program in.',1
'That's some fine trolling you are doing there.',1
'**** nigga is gotem all fooled',1
'How in the hell did he know her cell number?',1
'hahahahahahahahahaha  ​ hha, oooooooooh son i can't stop laughing. eat your sister son.',1
'Happy story.  Thx to her daugther and big brother.',1
'I don't know how anyone could defend the waitress in this instance.  She could have easily fixed the order rather than just saying she didn't care if he was missing food forcing the diner to have to speak with the manager.  It might have very well been the kitchens fault but by her taking care of it the diner wouldn't have spoken with the manager so if the meal was taking out of her wages it was her own fault for not trying to fix the issue and rather just not caring.  And despite poor service and missing food the diners still tipped her and rather than be grateful for getting paid for a job she did not do very well she decided to steal from the customer instead.  She has no place in a service industry and neither do you it seems.  Honestly if a waiter/waitress at least makes an attempt at doing a good job or caring I tip well.  I understand it might be busy and its not always their fault as long as they care to make the effort or show concern a simple apology sorry it took so long goes a long way.',1
'MR America, go troll your silly stupidity somewhere else.  God damn you ppl really need to just stop talking.  Right to free speech aside, just shut up already with our insane nonsense.\r\n \r\nYou do realize you're quoting a GD "Weekly World News" story, akin to the National Enquirer you inbred moron..?  Ya, your story is right next to the story about the ****ing zombie running for president.\r\n \r\n*in whiney pig voice* "I can not for the life of me account for where he got that money"  what, are you his GD accountant?  Whether your silly story is true or not, have you ever heard of investment income, residual income, not to mention ****ing bank loans?\r\n \r\nAnd for 40 million dollars, I would hope he but a GD entire island, lmao.  Or an entire 5 star hotel.\r\n \r\nAside from that, just on principle, you do understand ppl have jobs and incomes prior to becoming president, right?',0
'I got a ticket for 80 in a 60, I wasnt doing 80 more like 65,  I think because I was going around a curve in the hwy maybe it jacked with his radar gun. Or possibly the guy on the outside lane since he was passing me at the time. I had to show to court in OKC at 9 AM, then set there for over an hour till finally it was my time before the judge, He said enter a plea, I say not guilty. He said ok then bayliff set a court date. I asked if I have to come back , He says yes. I say I have allready lost allmost $100.00 in pay missing work, The ticket is $227.00 , By the time it is all said and done either way I`m screwed out of $200 bucks. So I pay the ticket once and done.You can not fight it unless you want to potentially loose twice the amount of the original ticket. It`s a legal scam and joe public has no choice but to pay the man. I just hope that cop get`s a big fat ticket someday, Or even better arrested for domestic violence against his spouse and has to jump leagal hurdles meant to do nothing but eat at his resources.',1
'Hmmm EVERYBODY you see this Chris is making DEATH THREATS at me.....my my my, thanks Chris, THis has been photo shopped and will be taken directly to the New York State Police......and guess what they carry guns too LOSER......and I'd be willing to bet they have a much better aim than your fried out a$$ does....and no thanks, going to Office Maxx to spend more than a half a penny on something to find you would be a half a penny way too much, you just aren't worth it little boy!!!',1
'" I have no clue what I'm doing here"',1
'That is seriously screwy. A child showing compassion gets disciplined because it wasn't performed in the exact manner that the school wanted it to be. \r\n \r\nAmerica doesn't want free thinkers anymore- just people who follow the regime.',1
'Imagine that! Something you believe and put your faith in crushes you the same time.',0
'Domestic violence is a horrible thing, and as bad as I feel for the women who are victims of it ..... I have to admit I do not understand it.  I had a friend once, who called me after her husband/boyfriend beat her up.,  being a friend, I went there to help her in any way possible.... My first clue should have been that she did not want me to call the police.... but  I helped her any way  we got her things out of there,   I gave her somewhere to stay, and money to get her an apartment and  helped her find a Job.... well after a few  weeks, THIS DUMB A$$, HAD LET HIM MOVE IN TO THE APARTMENT I HELPED HER GET, and they were back in love again!!!! I was SOOOOOOOOOOO mad at her!!!!  Well needless to say he kicked her a$$ again less than a month after he moved in, and she called me again.... when she called me that time, I did not go .  I told her to call the cops and a cab ... I refused to waste my time again.   The point being , you can provide all the help and support you can, but a lot of these women will wind up going back to their abuser, wasting the precious time and money of those that are helping them .... FRUSTRATING TO SAY THE LEAST!!!!',1
'I think that cat is a American short hair I had one that looked just likethat cat same markings...',1
'I remember those odd even days.  I had two cars.  One with odd plates and the other with even plates.  I bet you can guess what I did to get gas for the car that had the wrong plate number.  Yep, switched plates.  Thank goodness the gas station was near my house and I drove very carefully not to get stopped.',1
'Also depends on the state you are in.  PA is the worst.  Even if the officer makes a error, the **** judge favors the officer anyway.  PA PAYS their judges to favor the officer no matter what the charge is..  I was with someone who got a ticket for going 3 mph over the limit.  Obviously, he needed to make quota.  Some of these guys need to get a real job.',1
'I hope you don't go to the same place twice. Waiters remember who stiffed them and also spread the word to other waiters. You get snot in your food and a smile to your face. LOL I can't believe you like to eat snot! You're groooosss.',1
'a vote for the bible is a vote for slavery and polygamy! now personally i wouldn't mind having six or seven 22 year old russian wives, but THAT'S where i draw the line!',1
'Since I don't have a smartphone or text, there isn't much on my cheap phone for a criminal to get.',1
'LOVED the show, although I only saw the first hour. Brad & Carrie are wonderful, at ease, and hilarious. I love Miranda but I don't think she did a great job with fastest girl in town last night. Eric Church was awesome and I am so happy to see Blake winning finally after all the years he's been around. Tim Mcgraw looked great, not crazy about the song...but I thought Faith sounded horrible on her solo song. Looks amazing but sounded off alot.   Little Big Town is really going to take over as most powerful group with hits like Pontoon and now Tornado. Jason is lucky his latest TMZ news hasn't seemed to hurt his career too much. I didn't notice if his wife with at the awards with him? Did anyone else notice?',0
'I believe this is what the media calls, "deflecting".  If the masses are ticked about the jobless rate in America or the upcoming elections or the devastion caused by Sandy, give them somone else to be p1zzed off at.  Why not the Hershey company with their amassed billions of dollars for receiving their cocoa from a country that does not hold our morals and beliefs regarding child labor laws as the "be all and end all"?  Do I believe in their way of thinking?  HECK NO!  But the same people that say we shouldn't mess with another cultures beliefs and views on a certain issue, including using young family members to pick in the fields, shouldn't be suddenly turning their hate towards the middleman that buys goods from this very same culture.  That makes you a hypocrite.  Oh yeah, I'll still continue to buy Hersheys cocoa and chocolate products and if it ONLY takes 19 years to change Ghana's and the Ivory coast's ways of thinking about using child labor, I'd be totally surprised it happened so suddenly.  You can't force your views and opinions down the throats of another culture, or that same culture has every right to point out a few truths right back at you.  And believe me, western society has more than just a few faults when it comes to what is right and wrong for a child.',1
'I understand she's frustrated at her complications that don't allow her to have kids...but that's like me coveting and being angry at the person who has a fancy car and doesn't wash it or take care of it.  \r\n \r\nEveryone is handed their own deck of cards in life and it's up to each cardholder to do the best they can with it...hopefully speaking truth and light into others lives.',1
'Euthanize the whole entire human staff for incompentence, Canines should have the same power to euthenize humans that are too stupid to live.....IMO. God help the idiot who murders my dog.',1
'Lets get this meeting over with I just got a promise for Michelle.',1
'WONDER WHAT  A  CANDID PHOTO OF ALL OF YOU TALKING HEADS WOULD LOOK  LIKE ???',1
'AAA Does not raise rates for one ticket on your record.',1
'@ NOT A SON........if this racist community divider is refraudulated.........the nation as you know it doesn't stand a chance of being a united state of states..... \r\n  \r\nit's over, to come back from his ignorant policies will require a REVOLUTION....!\r\nI'll be blunt......by the time a president is elected with a pair of balls the terrorists will already have made home here with all the weaponry they require........as shown thru benghazi; he'll order all forces to stand down!',0
'what a pig....speaking of pigs....what about our pig allies...god forbid this happened in France...we would be pouring aid in there like crazy. has anyone seen or heard of any of our "friends" offering help of any kind.....next time one of them is up against it I say let them deal with it themselves....events  ​  like this really show you who your friends are.....',1
'luv them...agree price is steep but they last 4ever...have some over 6 yrs old ...you do the math.',1
'It is disappointing that the country songs are nothing like they were back when the original Grand Ol' Opry played the standards.  I miss it.',1
'"A Sound of Thunder" by Ray Bradbury explains it perfectly.',1
'President Romney ? hehehehehehehe wake up naptime is over ....... hehehehehehe',1
'Milo wrote: "Those who subscribe to the Great Art made by Genieuses theory of aesthetics" \r\n  aka The Great Man Theory of History (think Napoleon)  Supported by Nietzsche; refuted by Prince Tolstoy.  All roads lead to Rome. \r\n Steve Mayer',1
'I miss the east coast. I miss fall, sweaters, boots, and changing leaves. I want COOLER weather too!',1
'What do you mean?',1
'lamo liberal crap. Lets have another 4 years of movement towards socialism. I really should quite work and let  Nobama supply me with a free cell phone and the rest of my entitlements. Wake up folks. This is not the future leadership this country needs. Don't be brainwashed by your union leaders.',1
'I discarded 26 pieces of political ad flyers in todays mail, did not read a one, recycling bins at the post office overflowing and thank goodness for the mute button on the TV. I hope I live long enough to see (1) term limits (2) campaign spending limits and (3) length of time limits for campaigns. It should be about quality, not quantity. Seems none of them realize that when you sling mud you will always get some on yourself. Oh yea, dream on. When all is said and done it will be all said and nothing done, and frail old people will freeze this winter, too bad they could not channel all that hot air into heat for those who can't afford it.......',1
'They should teach us how to hug, and be compassionate and kind to each other.',1
'This article reminds me of my basic training days. I had the pleasure of being the first female to stand in line after the guys. The drill sergeant checked each of their chins asking "Did you shave private?" Then he got to me and did the same thing. I gave him this WTH smirk and ended up having to do 30 push ups. And my husband really doesn't care one way or the other but yes, shaving is ritual part of my hygiene. There is no way in hell that strangers are ripping hair off of me with hot wax!!!',0
'It is sad to see all the Republican posters here trying to justify child labor, with comments such as "its their culture for kids to work alongside the adults" and "it would be hard to find products from countries that don't use child labor".    You greedy corporate pigs need to grow some morals - you are no better than other people who exploit children, like Sandusky, Savile, etc. You rank as low as pedophiles, you really do.',1
'Hi_Comrads   NO GAS, NO HEAT, NO POWER, NO FOOD --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------------- NO POWELL, NO CHRISTIE, NO BLOOMBERG',1
'If someone is idiotic enough to put his address out there, don't try and tell people to be just as stupid as he was.... This isn't lemming wars',0
'completely different writing!!! I agree with you Movieaddict!',1
'And here I thought he only read USA Today.',1
'"Hello Mayflower Movers, I'll need a truck to pick up my furniture on November 7th at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave" \r\n  \r\nOR \r\n  \r\n"Hey Mitt, I'll trade you Ohio for Nevada, Colorado and Iowa"',1
'Have you ever metta world peace of s**t?',1
'good grief!  Get a life people,  There are much bigger things than this to get worked over other than this.  How about a president who says in the aftermath of a storm "We take care of our own, we dont leave anyone behind".  But wait!! he watched while 4 Americans were murdered and did nothing.  They knew 30 minutes after the first gun fired.  There was drone footage.  Emails showing they knew.  The Bengazi scandal should be an impeacheale offense.  As a former Vet I can say this but active soldiers cant.  No Vet should ever vote for this president.  ThIS SCANDAL should draw our disdain not whether a model is posing in the aftermath of a storm.',1
'Yes, that's my address. I'm sure that you and every other internet tough guy is too much of a coward to do anything about it. seeing as I gave you my address and you are going to do nothing but spam boards with it.....I think that shows everyone what you are made of. LOL',1
'The big question is why is Global Warming a political topic? It isn't political in any other country. Maybe it's because if the doubters admit it is a wise precaution to start cutting back on polution, then they would have to spend money on their factories to upgrade which just m,ight cut into their profits. So the rich, big companies lobby their political party of choice to fight the charge. After all, if they say it is a lie often enough, the party will believe it. I love how people that think they are smart like to argue that historically the weather has gone through hot and cold periods. True, but it has never changed this rapidly. We saw as much change in 100 years as previously happened in tens of thousands of years. I, for one, am not going to pretend I know more than the scientists! We need to eror on the side of caution.',1
'Hello, Willie? This **** is goooood!',1
'BMW diesels are grossly understated',1
'For real! i Want weed for crackmas',1
'A real actual birds foot !!!! 30 something years ago so they were crazy freaks back then tooo',1
'One of the best parties I ever went to  was a Halloween hacker party in the early days of the Internet (early to mid 80s ... before the invasion), replete with a few Sheldons, Leonards, one or two Pennys, Rajs, and a whole bunch of Howards!',1
'Hug related injuries...?......th  ​ em are the kind of injuries i want everyday..:)......Hu  ​ gs and smiles are free.....stop making rules against them ya bunch of douche bags........hug related injuries...lolololol  ​ ololololol.......ill  ​  have to remember that one.........another sign of schools overly protective rules....lolololol',1
'Petroleum is our best source of lubricants & plastics.  Burning it is short-sighted at best, idiotic at worst.  Burning ethanol is worse.  We could've made bourbon with it.',1
'A better headline would have been:  Women, marrying down!',1
'Because more often than not it is easier to cave than it is to fight. But of course that only holds true with the messed up US legal system. Demand tort reform!',1
'For those of you who have no idea how union labor works.....The utlility job was probably already contracted by a contractor that was a union shop.  This would not be any different if union guys tried to go work on a non-union contracted job site.  If a non union laboror wants to work on a union contracted site, all they have to do is go to the hall and sign the appropriate book or sign in sheet to go to work.  There is no blocking of work or jobs.  When there is this much work that needs to be done all the guys and gals get put to work.  There is no "liberal conspiracy"!  I am sure you who comment in that way are sitting in a safe job atmosphere, working your 8 hour day, have had your lunch and break and maybe have some benefits and some vacation time.  Guess who fought for those things?  Read you history and quit sucumbing to propagandic ****.....',1
'1)  Romney cannot relate to normal people very well.\r\n2)  That doesn't mean his heart isn't in the right place.\r\n\r\nI strongly disagree with his politics, but come on ... he's trying to rally the troops.',1
'The hell with it.....cachunk,cachu  ​ nk..shshshsh, mix,mix....Stirred not Shaken...ummmm.',1
'Cor Blimey! Was the sheila so strong she hurt the bloke? As long as it is not with an inappropiately older person, and was amenable to both parties, why shouldn't they be allowed a hug when they wabt or need one. Who knows; maybe a pet died, or something worse had occurred?  We all need comfort at times. Nothing I read said they were making out, so what is the problem? And why is everybody giving out the name of a 12 year old girl?',1
'Women do try to live off men. Child support laws need to be changed. Women should not be entitled to any form of child support unless she was married to the guy.',1
'Billi934,\r\nDues are paid now and received in retirement like a savings account. If it weren't for unions saving the money for workers later in life no one would get a retirement. The non union workers that don't have a retirement will end up being taken care of by the Government.. (The tax payers). I don't want to pay for any more welfare recipients. So there are some good things that come out of PRIVATE unions. Now when it comes to public unions (The tax payers).. well they need to be broken up. All unions are not the same.',1
'That's how you do it! Teach em at an early age you respect authority! You know that kid won't break any laws growing up.  Every Kid should have to go through this.\r\n*Side effects may include: Bed wetting, Cold sweats, anti social behavior, uncontrollable flatulence, and may need to seek professional help.*',0
'Duh, just don't be doing something that can get you a ticket to begin with. Otherwise commonsense would suggest just accept it when pulled over, don't be a dick, and be polite to the man. Yeah you might get one of those mighter than thou cops but good chances are if it wasn't to big of an infraction you can have a good chance of getting only a warning if your doing the things above and using common sense like I said. \r\nOne thing that bothers me though that was in the article, leave hands on steering wheel. I get it, I do, but sure does make it feel like you are being treated like a potential threat beyond the traffic violation, just something about reading and thinking about that, that doesn't completely sit well. Maybe more of that us and them feeling that we keep seeing or lose of rights like the BS we go thru at airports.\r\nI think its time',1
'Who cares where we are going to get the $$$ to pay for all of this, we have taxpayers and we can borrow abroad. Details?  What for, I just told you we can raise taxes and borrow.  The next generation will have to deal with it, it's only money, I'm dealing with the bigger picture and I have to sell the concept not the reality.',1
'Apple?',0
'OMG!!  This story is years old - what's the deal, MSN?  You just now catching up??',1
'how about the idiot bimbos who wear them with bikinis?  yes i live a block from the beach and see this crap every summer',1
'And just because YOU don't like him, that is reason for you to state that he's awful? Remember, anyone's opinion is just that: HIS/HER opinion. And just because YOU says its awful does not necessary make it awful.  That's why God gave every one the ability to form their OWN opinion.... so, that yours WON'T REALLY MATTER!!!',1
'Kinda like congress allowing the fed to run our monetary system without ever having to open up their books to show the public what is really going on.  Romney wants us to let him run the country without allowing us to see his books.    He seems to think that just saying he knows how to run a business is enough.  If he is elected, I see more job outsourcing on the horizon.  It's hard to change old habits.',1
'My guess is on his college records, he stated he is muslin.',1
'160 Million years from now they will find the last of the Middle Class and a picture of Obama on their tombstone',1
'You are so full of crap there is no way your Camry  only gets 20 miles per gallon so this tells me you probably are a hater of Toyota and don't own a Camry! And saying 20 mpg on a 4 cyl LIAR LIAR LIAR',1
'@Inbred hitler: "He's in partnership with The National Socialist of Skin Heads..... Or N.S.S.H ..... He's a left wing socialist retard..."\r\n \r\nWow, whats with the alt fantasy images you're projecting? I'm sorry man....I'm straight. It's cool if you putt from the rough, but maybe put an ad in the paper?',1
'The scientists do not blame global warming on only human factors.  They say that part of it is natural variation and part of it is human generated.',1
'<"Jeep “is thinking of moving all production to China," was indeed a lie"> \r\nhow do you know that its a lie for a fact? can you prove that they will never intend too?',1
'The hell with Sandy; The effects of Slavery is still felt, damn you white folks. Bomb Iraq around the clock 24/7 and never a word said about the people suffering under America's bombs, get real.',0
'People certainly are adding to their savings.  There isn't a need for banks to offer a carrot for people to line up with cash. \r\n  \r\nThe only way savings can get interest, and we're talking illiquid savings, is if there are borrowers who want it.  Without them, no interest to be paid to savers.  Higher interest rates, no borrowers.',1
'Are all American corporations to be held up to blackmail or threats of lawsuits by individuals and organizations who buy their stock with the only intention being litigation? This is absurd! Since when are police retirement funds worried about anything except their own self interest and greed.Trial lawyers and their like , are right behind teachers unions,Seiu and child molesters as the most hated members of society,in my book!',1
'She had breast cancer......so.....N  ​ OT ANOREXIC',1
'I was fishing on this pier about a month ago.  The boards looked like they were ready to fall into the ocean, so I don't think it would take much to take it out it a storm.  Saved AC the cost of demolition.',0
'the pic of this lady reminds me of that destructive progressive insurance guy',1
'Reimbursement for miles driven to date + 15% gets them off easy.  What about the next say, 200,000 miles as well as the loss in resale value?  Shouldn't buyers be compensated for the total miles the automakers claim the vehicle will last?  At anticipated future fuel prices?  That would seem more fair.',1
'My guess is maybe Rachel MadCow or Ed Schlutz wrote the copy for this since they are affiliated with MSNBC.  Based on their shows, it's obvious they don't know glamour either, yet they claim these pictures are glamour shots.  How embarrassing.',1
'@ mrh2112 ~ They could care less about whats happening in our world..... They're both shallow and only care for Obama.....',0
'Whenever any of their rating goes down, there is always a big OOPS when their wardrobe malfunctions. It's always a nipple exposure, or a going out on the balcony on a windy day with no underware on, or a dress you can see their crotch showing thru. \r\n \r\nAnything to get ratings. Its disgusting!',1
'When my husband and I were dating, we went out to a restaurant in FL. The appetizers they brought him had been deep fried, and when he lifted on to take a bite, hot grease streamed down his hand. So they had him spend dinner with his hand in a bucket of ice water (thankfully he worked outside alot and his skin was pretty tough so no real injury). As the waitress came around the corner with our meals, she slipped and they had to be remade. As we got up to leave, the light fixture was somehow cockeyed and my husband whacked his head on it. The manager was beside himself horrified. We still gave the waitress a decent tip - probably the most we'd laughed in ages!',1
'Bad service.  It only happens when I eat at restaurants with self-entitled, rude waitresses.  The Hispanic ones are the worst, and do not hesitate to treat people like tra**** a trait they've carried over from Mexico, where businesses routinely treat paying-customers like crap.  Don't expect a thank-you, please, you're welcome etc when dealing with one.  That is, unless you're white.\r\n\r\nI don't complain to management.  I simply withhold my generous tip and never return to that restaurant again.',1
'This IS Obama, smug, arrogant and just plain doesn't care.  The only reason he has done anything for the hurricane victims is because he has an election on Tuesday, otherwise I think if it hadn't been for the election we would have seen much more of what we saw with the big BP oil spill, vacationing and a lot of golfing!',1
'agerr',0
'Kim K. No more sex tapes please!! While that first one gained the family pain.. Opps  I mean fame it looks like Ray j was hurting her it just wasn't right dear. What an example for her younger siblings. They don't really have choice in what they do.. There next up for a scandal...',1
'No, they last because they are not made of cheap material. They are a very durable shoes that can face adversity...that's why they are 150.00 If you do not hav the 150.00 in the first place the appearantly you can't buy them, but if you can and want a shoe that last then more power to you..',1
'1000 YEARS FROM NOW THEY WILL DIG UP BIDEN AND HE'LL STILL BE TALKING!',0
'What a CROCK!  If you can't afford the tip, you don't rack up a $140 bill!  Being a single mom is NOT an excuse for not leaving a tup.  What if the server she gypped was a single mom?  As a single mother myself, I am disgusted by this.',1
'And yet they dislike willard!  I wonder why that is?',1
'No.',1
'Maybe 14,978?',1
'Sean Connery. Always has been, always will be.',0
'I hope he's learned not to carry a carton of eggs.',1
'Yes, hugging is good.  Bringing a gun to school and killing your class mates is bad.  An example of that wood be the high school in Colorado, Columbine.  This principal needs to be checked for sanity.  THE LITTLE GIRL SHOWED KINDNESS.',1
'I would prefer that people learn to wipe their faces if they're that sloppy.',1
'There are six billion people now.  When cooking weas done with wood there were fewer that one billion.',1
'Just celebrated 32 years  - before I married him I decided he was a man I could live with.',1
'If you want to hear some good country...go to garrettmiles.com \r\nMy son is 24.  He is a young with an old soul.  He is wanting/trying to bring the realy country music back.  He was born legally blind and music is his heart.  HIs new album is Country Classics.  Johnny Tillotsin "It Keeps Right on a Hurtin"  is singing a duet with Garrett.  Look him up....I hope you enjoy his originals also.',1
'im guessing this person was all cracked out and mistakenly smoked their candy and handed out their dope.',1
'Is this one of Obama's things to help the US economy . I mean like after all the other " Environmental " changes that have taken place, after or if another four more years. What will the US look like? I think we're lower than most second rate countries, at least we haven't gone third world yet, though, I don't know why as most of the third world countries are getting better than us, so much for the "roman empire"',1
'Just another out of control group of racist blacks.',1
'why diddnt he get up and hit him?',1
'I use mine all winter long.  I just spray them with water repellant and they work perfect.  I have had my three pairs for over five years and they are stillin great shape.',1
'Thanks for the review. Since the first time I flew to New York on business for DISH I have been watching documentaries about the Five Points area and Copper sounds like exactly what I would expect if we could see actual footage of what things were like back then. With Election Day just around the corner I think it will be fun watching a dramatized version of our past. I’ll probably watch it tonight!  I never have enough time to go pick out DVD’s in the store, but since I started renting from Blockbuster at Home through DISH the movies are already waiting in my mailbox when I get off work.',1
'Nothing.',1
'next time clean the car kid',0
'Funny Rhonda. I don't see anything about Republicans in the article. You keep being scared of the bad old Boogey Man. BTW aren't you late for your drum circle?',1
'"I was up all night making more under the table deals with Putin but if I smile they will still vote for me".',1
'Being honest and good communication. Going on 15 yrs.',1
'I can get free books at my public library?? No way!',1
'I would trust him, gaff's or not over lyin ryan.',1
'have plenty of flings',1
'Absolutely. She should apologize to all the people she has created problems for by wearing inappropriate clothing to vote. This was not an accident, she knew exactly what she was doing. This is a free country, with a secular government, and we need to keep it that way. All these morons that want prayer in school, actually mean they want their prayer said in school. Start saying Hail Mary's, or Buddhist prayers, or muslin prayers, etc., and their heads will explode.',1
'This story is true.',1
'If they threatened nuclear war.  Just not a big fan of that.',1
'Can someone say BITCH!?',1
'If she thinks the lion is the reason for her dating problems, then she obviously has never seen a mirror.',1
'These idiots would probably get the ashes mixed up................',1
'Who believes in JESUS and his teachings and wants to go to HEAVEN?  Definitely not Conservatives.!!!!!P  ​ roof is in the bible Acts10:34, Mark 8:36,Mark 12:29-31,Matt 22:36-40. Keep listening to Faux(fox)News the Conduit for "THE GREAT DECEIVER". If you read your bible the truth will be revealed.!!!!',1
'search tomahub on youtube',1
'Fox and MSNBC are biased. CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS try to be fair. Current is interesting, check it out.',1
'Can they say no one was hurt during the filming of these shots?  No',1
'cRACK',0
'Really? So the millions of cars and factories spewing out carbon monoxide into the atmosphere has nothing to do with climate change? You're an idiot! Wake up and smell the fumes!!!',1
'actually, if your a smoker, the doctor will tell you not to quit smoking because it can cause stress on the fetus',1
'"MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - Wisconsin Democratic Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin could make history next week as the first openly gay member of the U.S. Senate, according to the final poll before the November 6 election released on Wednesday by the Marquette University Law School.\r\n The poll showed Baldwin had a 47 to 43 percent lead among likely voters over Republican former governor Tommy Thompson, with 10 percent undecided or offering no preference."\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ----\r\ntsk, tsk, tsk',1
'I would have done something completely different... I would have pulled the .357 sig lol',1
'"but we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this "trick" and simply take the spoils as part of the on candy.' ARE YOU SERIOUS?! Is that and England thing? Maybe the Author of this article has a little habit, were not talking pot here thats a pretty messed up thing to say.',1
'God saved his wife, but in return demanded his leg in payment for the "miracle".  On the other hand, do you think maybe his wife's cancer was cured by the expertise and medications administered by the cancer physicians and that this was just an unfortunate accident?  C'Mon people.  Get real here.  There is no God and nothing is contolling what happens to us except real world events and our own actions.',0
'Most MPG are overstameted anyway.  I would be infavoir or understamating and when customers get better gas millage, they would be like WOW I GOT GREAT GAS MILAGE.',1
'looks like obama just smoked a nice doobie lol. the one thing i hate about obama he smoked tons of weed in college and did coke but still upholds these insane laws that are putting people in jail for the same shi- he did. hes a hypocrite! what would have happened if he got busted in college and had to do jail time think he still be president shi- no but yet he is destroying peoples lives for smoking weed. i hope i live long enough to see weed legal but i doubt it. just keep wasting my taxpayer money u.s. goverment ! looking foward to seeing what happens in washington state and colorado on nov. 6th they are voting to legalize pot for recreational use but i bet even it it passes the feds will overide the state and start arresting more people. some democracy we live in huh!',1
'Maybe we'll find Matt Foley in that "van down by the river" !  Where ever  you go he'll go too !  How's that for motivation to save for retirement. \r\nAnyone that believes you can count on anyone but yourself to provide for retirement will have a great time with Matt.',1
'If we do not aloow any company to use this type of slave/ forced child labor in the United States why should we allow US companies in particular to use it in other countries? What is good for us should be good anywhere!',1
'yes, it really is the ONLY talent she has.',1
'You know the world is really messed up when "Dumi's Dummy" is the highest paid actor on TV !',1
'I believe Gandalf in the window',1
'I just farted.  If you were smart you'd bottle that $hit up and sell it on ebay!',1
'I just think more people are smoking the "Bud", rather than drinking it..........',1
'She's getting famous in a different way',1
'I agree with you except "your choice to be a single mom".  A lot of us don't choose this.  I did not.  Along with single moms who had spouses up and leave, consider widows.  But yes, if you can't afford to tip, don't go out to eat.',1
'Absolutely agree with you. How can this close minded man lead us to anything greater when his vision is limited to his own personal "struggles"?',1
'My utmost congratulations to his honor and courage in not displacing those whose lives have been so totally disrupted by Hurricane Sandy.  It warms my heart to know that there are some people in the world where "love thy neighbor" hasn't been lost.  Mr. Nicotra, you're my new hero.',1
'attention ladies.........no hair below the eye lashes......that is all.....',1
'I can see why you don't have a job....',0
'bubba says no.',1
'Jimenez...You have to stand in line with the parents of the multi-thousands of molested children, the unholy priests have abused....And by then "you may not have a leg to stand on;"',1
'Iron Mike, fact is I still blame Obama because the post above explains why.  The last budget from the senate ended in 2007.  Obama and his cronies were all part of this slide so when you hear him blame Bu**** because he won't take the blame for his failings in the Senate or presidency.  Yes, he was part of the left takeover so the buck does stop with him.  He helped set the spending trend!',1
'idiots',1
'These are Obamas' people.',1
'Cite the source!!  If there is one.',0
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! They met via Bing\r\n [ seek add riders] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.',0
'Married 2x living with a man now.  1st  (deceased) & 3rd man became disabled and  "house husbands". Let me tell, after 6 years as a house wife, then being steadily employed for 24 yrs  - I gladly work a 50 hr week rather then stay home. Housework is tough, thankless and never ending. The 2nd husband made 6 figure salary, blew it all and had women on the side. Has ruined my credit (6 foreclosures and 50K in cc debt - none of it mine) Sweet young things LOVE older wealthy men. Thankfully I kept my job when he wanted me to be a "housewife"   I'd take a guy that brings me coffee in bed over one that gives me diamonds ANY DAY.  (and I did!)  Oh and in each case, I had more education than any of them',1
'Only in NY.smh.',1
'Until now I had never heard of them. Condolences to his family on their loss.',1
'Minaj is absolutely gross. Idol used to be good but with non-talent like this judgin , I'm out. My guess is she would be more likely to tell someone wtih actual talent jsut due to he ego. Sorry Idol youve gone backwords wtih this one!',1
'Uh oh. I have facts\r\n \r\nBill Clinton takes office with $255.1 Billion Deficit (1993)\r\nLeft in 2001 with a $127.3 Billion SURPLUS!!!\r\n \r\nBush Jr's term lasts from 2001-2008 and leaves with\r\na $459 Billion Deficit later valued at $1413 Billion.\r\n \r\nObama has brought it down to $1100 and still dropping.\r\n \r\nRepublicans tend to spend us into a hole but sometimes those are investments that pay off in later terms so keep that in mind.',1
'Cartel de phony',1
'The author of this article must be a coke head to think it would be normal for the parents to just want to keep the cocaine for themselves.  The use of dangerous illegal drugs should be in the minority of people, not the expectation.  Especially, when you become a parent your responsibility shifts from selfish self gratification to the care of your children.  I am appalled for the writer of this article to think the parents care more about getting a dangerous high than protecting their kids.  Shame on you.  Typical MSN attitude.',1
'Jack - we don't go to 5 star restaurants.',1
'Oh well, It is New York',1
'Done it before. Mighty delicious.',1
'Comparison or Analogy?  I think he's trying to say that you have to to start somewhere and see the task through.',0
'Why is there so much anger and hostility in your message.... \r\n \r\nI mean your posting is not in any way addressing any of the articles in this advice segment... \r\n \r\nThe repuke dunce comment is somewhat of an oxymoron, it really makes your opening statement sound idiotic, you know what they say about first impressions...\r\n \r\nThe message, ..."whatever it is" gets kind of lost....\r\n \r\nYour closing hate spate seems to be a call for professional help... go talk to someone before you crack and start falling apart..\r\n \r\nIn short... What is your point!?!?!?!?',1
'The classic style now goes for $194.95.... $50 more than it was a few years ago.  I work in a department that sells Uggs we are still selling them like crazy and are definitely on track to sell out by Christmas....Uggs are not going anywhere anytime soon.',1
'Another overweight person...',0
'YA, IT HAPPENS EVERY FOUR YEARS !',1
'I would be stting in prison for being a cop killer.',1
'Kirsty, forget it...R1 is nothing more than a replicant , programmed to deliver his \r\ncutting edge' commentaries and then exit quickly for the next post.  They are cloning them faster than we can repudiate their trash talking, witless snarkasms.  \r\n\r\nGood luck though.',1
'Jellyfish. Definitely jellyfish.',1
'more yankee scumbags',1
'16-years is too little of life experience. That's what High School elections and Political Science classes are to teach. At least finish High School, at barest minimum.\r\n \r\nMy feeling is that 18-years is still too young. But then too, I do understand the idea that if one is old enough to join the Armed Services, then one should have voting rights in the general elections.',1
'1a',0
'Only Obama.',1
'As long as they have good liability insurance.',1
'After Katrina, we had workers from all over the mid-west and the northeast helping us. And God bless them. Because we would have suffered a heck of a lot longer if it wasn't for those guys. I wouldn't have given a rats fat hind parts where they were from OR if they were in a union. Hell, we fed them lunches and THANKED them daily for their help. \r\n  \r\nNow these NUMBNUTS are turning away help because they are NON-UNION. God forbid a good man turns on someones power up there hasn't paid the precious UNION DUES!! Morons!',1
'parrasite',0
'Right on Biguy. If I had a union where I worked, I wouldn't have taken 25% in pay cuts and OT to support management's bonuses and cover work that people who were laid off, used to do. \r\n  \r\nLike management gives a damn about your welfare. Anti-labor people couldn't manage a two seat diner. Ignore them.',1
'Looks like Alfred E. Newman to me.  "What, me worry?"',1
'Terrible!!!! Nothing glamorous about disasters and distruction :(',1
'Reckon money under the table will sway opinions every time.',1
'I was so happy I jumped over my couch when Taylor Swift did not win entertainer of the year....Shows you where she ends up with the serious people who vote instead of the text voting by her kiddy bopper following....Thanks god I DID NOT HAVE TO HEAR OR SEE HER EXCEPTANCE SPEACH.....',1
'Never been married, but I would think that keeping communication open and honest with each other is one of the most important keys to a successful marriage.  You have to both always be willing to understand each other and accept the bad and the good.  And patience is always a virtue.',1
'Trump is getting off easy by just being the butt of everyone's jokes.....most people would go to prison for trying to extort the sitting President of the United States.',1
'There are still people needing rescued.....Bloomber  ​ g..you are an idiot.\r\n \r\nPeople are going hungry, no power, still finding the people that died and you want to go ahead with the race....you jerk.\r\n \r\nHis comment that he is just following what they did after 9-11 is pure stupidity.\r\n \r\n9-11 was isolated to a small business area, that yes it killed 3,000 people but nobody was waiting for days later to be rescued, feed or to have power turned back on......Mayor you are a bonehead.',1
'Sushi',0
'She's insane taking on Mariah like that!  Mariah Carey is a legend...who the hell is Minaj?  She looks like Mr. Potato Head, hahaha!',1
'There is absolutely no proof of global warming. This is just a ploy to spend millions on research to line the pockets of these stupid tree hugging environmentalists. Wake up people. Things have been happening as long as the earth has existed. What are they going to do to stop a storm? We need to keep the air and water clean and stop all the pollution we can but when all is said and done with all the people we have there are very few things that can be done anyway. \r\n When the people of the world turn their back on God he will turn his back on them. Why should God do anything for people that do nothing but take his name and word off of every thing that they can. Prayer was taken out of our schools and look what has happened. Was there ever a shooting in a school before that? How can a teacher teach right from wrong when they cant teach the Bible. Thou sall not kill, steal and all the other things that are written help to build character in our kids. Most of the people in the United States are Christians regardless of what anyone says. Read the polls and you will see that this is true. Mother Earth is baloney Father God is in charge always has been and always will be.',1
'It is possible that the climate is warming but very unlikely that people have anything to do with this.  It's a natural cycle of nature and we should be thankful that we live on a warming plant and not a cooling one!  The dinosaurs thrived when earth was much warmer, nearly everything died in the last ice-age.',1
'Sorry but I can't completely agree about Garth Brooks, in his early days he was country but right before he left he was nothing but pop.',1
'VL, you dems are sure a needy bunch.',1
'I never could stand him, full of himself is putting it mildly.',1
'Yes, it's been made by Miller since 2001.........',1
'I will continue growing my mustache ... as I have for the last 30 years (with a brief 2 month horrible lapse in judgment a couple of years ago).',1
'I can not believe there are people  are foolish enough to believe that Romney will do anything other than sell the rest of America to the Chinese.',1
'a free ticket some time and maybe 8 or ten dollar on the lotto',1
'Is this any surprise?? They're ugly as $hit and noone has the money to shell out for the damn things. Not even Tom Brady can pull off a win for team Ugg.',1
'Global warming.... Give me a Break... They are just using the fact that N.J and N.Y got hit instead of Florida to spread their liberal crying! Storms happen, have happened for millions of years and will always continue to happen! That is the way the earth spreads it's moisture around.. Stupid babies trying to use it as an excuss! Gore is an idiot and so are all the other stupid cry babies! Remember, the volcanoes and storms are revving up the closer we get to December 21st, 2012 so.... I don't hear Gore or his followers saying anything aboutt that!',1
'I'm sure cleaning stadiums really is hard work and there's nothing wrong with hard,honest work..However,cleani  ​ ng a stadium isn't much in comparison to cleaning up a disaster of epic proportions..In no way do I mean to insult you or the work that you do but the analogy Mutt made is far from comparable and if he thinks it is then perhaps he should go to one of the areas and help them clean it up!!',1
'I haven't seen the show and don't want to. But what I have read in the news and happened right here in my own city was that a group of girls get together and purposley get pregnant. To me that is awful to bring a baby into the world out of consipiracy and competiion and then we apprently have a show that make it look cool and get these young girls famous for their adult behavior. \r\nI always say if your going to act like an adult and have sex then act like an adult and wear protection or if you do then take care of your baby. I'm so sad to hear of all these babies and children getting murdered by their young parents because they don't have pacience. Trust me this is not for all young mothers but this seems to be the trend here lately. We've sucked the morals right out of society so how can we expect our young mothers to be responsible adults when they have no role models to show them how.',1
'He looks SO Presidential!',1
'Looks like he's floating an air biscuit.',1
'Freudian slip?  Classic Joe.',1
'I would never rely on the old adage that going to court is almost a guarantee the officer won't show. A lot of officers hate going to court for piddly traffic tickets, but the fact they know people expect them not to show is one reason they do show. They also get paid to go, and if it's on their days off it could likely be overtime.',1
'any of you republicans out there who is bragging about romney-ryan plan care to state exactly what their plan is. this is what i heard from them.1) I am going to get americans working. ok thats a good one now can you give me details how? are you going to do it by letting the auto manufactures go bankrupt and layoff all their workers? are you going to get them  back to work like you did with bain capatial closing down factories pocketing millions laying off workers and sending the factories to china? Are you going to do it by cutting taxes for the rich and try the trickel down economic's your republicans have tried for many many years and failed. please do tell us americans  Mr Romney how you will get us back to work. 2) repeal healthcare hmmm good one romney so you want to take away a law that forces insurance companies to insure everone not just those who they chose. and you want the tax payers to continue to pay for all of those who dont get insurance because they dont have to and  hospitals cant refuse them. yep good plan. 3) cut the deficit wow thats huge for a republican as in all their year they have never cut the deficit but I will give you credit you say you have a plan Mr Romney, cut healthcare, cut medicade, cut education, cut planned parenting, cut teachers, and cut taxes for all americans even though we know the rich will gain the most. so when you cut all those programs Mr Romney how many millions of jobs yo figure will go with those cuts? so again Mr Romney I will ask you how are you going to get americans working again',1
'How come he didn't list any of the good stats....BIASED MUCH  \r\n Stock market up 6,500 points....78% Corporate profits up 1 trillion to 1.6 trillion Housing up Unemployment under 7.9% right Now POSITVE Private sector job growth for the last 36 months  850,000 auto jobs kept in the US Bin Laden number 1 terrorist in the US....GONE!!!!!! 5 million added jobs since bush left.....-850,000 jobs was the toal the republicans left after 8 years they were in power and they raised unemployment from 4.5% to 7.8% before he left..... \r\n Why did you leave these facts out?????????\r\n \r\n I find it funny to listen to republicans complain....you guys were in power for 8 year....can you even make a list of anything positive you did in 8 years......and somehow you think you should go more years in power...that makes a lot of sense....lol \r\n How are those facts for you navy chief....who was a job that is paid for by tax payers......OUCH',1
'You must have missed this part of the article: \r\n "WAFF news director Adam Henning told me before the utility's statement was issued the station stands by its story. Ray Hardin, the general manager of Decatur, told  on Friday that officials from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers presented workers with documents that "required our folks to affiliate with the union," which the company wouldn't agree to. It's unclear exactly what that means."',1
'Coco is not hot at all.  She is one ugly woman.  She dresses like a hoe and has too much hair dye in  her hair that has gone to her brain cells and looks plastic.  She really got hit with an ugly stick.',0
'yes it does',1
'What's hilarious to me is people put "science" as some sort of seperate entity. Science is the study of knowledge we get based on facts we learn from what is happening on, in and from this planet correct? Or is it something people think is going to rule the planet someday? I actually read one comment from someone calling out another person for their opinion and saying that "we are evolving just like the planet is and we are not going back to being apes"! The last time I checked apes are still here. Also the last time I checked the great thinkers, scientists, philosophers and astronomers of decades and centuries past have had most of their theories proven wrong! Granted we have come a long way but to think we have everything figured out and we can all call it a day is ridiculous!! All these people thinking there couldn't possibly be intelligent design and support science to explain everything miss the point of what science is all about. Science should always be unbias and thats not what happens at all. All it does is gives people a reason to be arrogant and rude. Everybody that points to one or two things as the reason this or that happened misses how complex the world actually is. Is there something happening? Yes! Could it be due to our presence and how we are treating this planet? sure. Could it be due to other things as well? sure! I think I have a little insight to this issue. Everybody has got everything figured out and everybody has got to be right and ready to point that "I told you so finger"! No one wants to remain teachable and think well there could be A LOT of things at play here and lets just keep on studying this planet and gather the data and keep learning. I could be right and then again maybe not is never thought of. Welcoming others ideas is not happening either. Everybodys calling everyone stupid and I am right and your wrong. This kind of reminds me of the debates. A bunch of 7 and 8 year olds talking over each other and pointing fingers. Truth is neither of these yahoos are fit to run this country as much as any of us are fit to say WE KNOW HOW THESE STORMS ARE HAPPENING 100%!',1
'So in about a year or so, we'll be seeing this damn CD in bargain bins or at yardsales...',0
'Yeah ghost!! Tell it like it is!!',1
'Right, because we want the candidate who will apologize to BP for us. NO thanks.',1
'Someone; the stick models are on the magazine because some French and Italian half-wit that can't design a decent pair of gloves (let alone an outfit) wanted to save on fabric for their ego feeding shows. Anorexia is not beautiful.......ever  ​ . And besides, that Honda needed totaled anyway, it's not worth the recycled soda cans it's 20% made out of. Cheap asian cars do not impress me. It was a hurricane and everyone was told to leave. I guess the morons that parked those cars didn't get the message.',1
'Does someone know something I don't? My presidential phone number has already been disconnected.',1
'I agree. Country music has become very poppy sounding. I don't mind a little pop but prefer more country side to the music. If you haven't before I suggest checking out Keith Urban's "The Ranch" cd. He is another artist who has become more pop than country. I wish he would get back to his more country side in his music.',1
'The parking sign was too funny.',1
'yes dear.',1
'This is a sad day for me.I do not drink .',1
'not worth mentioning',1
'Is that your wife portrayed as your avatar? Same smile.',1
'I love my ugg boots! so warm and comfy!!',1
'#69 - free bullsh1t.  Here.  Anything from here...\r\n\r\nstill waiting on the zombie apokolypse',1
'Below me is a racist minority',0
'Cool - sucks for Apple when someone makes outrageous legal demands - e.g. claiming to have invented rounded corners and then demanding 1 BILLION dollars from another cell phone company with rounded corners.\r\n \r\nPayback is a bitch Apple and you deserve a lot of payback.',1
'As for Ashton some people are born with a silver spoon in their A$$ and even though talentless still make it.  Frankly, I don't think any entertainers should be pulling in the $$$ they do and that includes the ones that can act and entertain.  The $$$ should go to the milatary, firefighters, police and others that put their lifes on the line for you.  The politicians should not only be receiving the $$ they are they should be thoroughly investigated and qualified prior to being allowed to run for any position.  How some of these people ever got to run is beyond me.  I also feel that if your not doing your job properly you should be evicted.  I don't care who or what position you hold.',1
'Now this is fact. The increase in woman looking to be overly educated and changing status is one of the big reasons why the country is in deficit and why choas looms. I'll explain. Because women are getting overly educated and earning more, they tend to see themselves as equal to men which leads to more break up marriages and fewer children. Now fewer children means the generational trend of the country would have a large Old people population which means an increase in healthcare paid for by a smaller Young people population, hence larger government spending on healthcare, hence a bigger deficit in the country's budget etc. You know the rest!',0
'Your construction company did not pay their bills. That is why they were turned away. THAT IS FACT',1
'because there turtles you idiots, they found the jurassic hare graveyard over a hundred years ago, the real question is, how many of you out there, and be honest now, would have ever guessed there was such a thing as prehistoric turtle reaserchers?',1
'I own a shop and it's non-union...and that's the way its going to stay.  Before I would let some slimy union thug boss force me to unionize, I would fire everyone and shut down my business.  Union thug leaders make me want to vomit.',1
'Please folks,  mileage depends entirely upon how you drive.  My spouse and I have the exact same cars.  My spouse averages 20% better mileage than me-because WE DRIVE VERY DIFFERENTLY.  Apparently "reality" has escaped some folk's level of common sense/logic.',1
'dope!',0
'I was nice to the cop who stopped me back this Summer and the motherfather still wrote me a ticket saying I was speeding 50 on a 35 yeah whatever.  I told him I was not speeding my radar/cruise control  is on and it is always on that is what keeps me from ever speeding and I was tired (saying the truth got me nowhere w/ this cop).  I had been moving all day and I just wanted to get home w/ my son (my son w/ in the passengers seat by the way)  and have something to eat and rest after a long hot day of moving. I was tired is all.  Sad because my home had been foreclosed on. :(  \r\nLike I said the motherfather still gave me a ticket that is why I hate cops. I called my lawyer to handle this crap ticket in court.  I don't have time to be playing with these cops especially when I have to be at work to pay my bills. I did nothing wrong. He was in a undercover car plain white he was there to catch (drug dealings) not speeders.  I was in the wrong place at the wrong time is all.  \r\nThe other cop the following year was in an unmarked SUV he said I passed him in a high speed.  Again I said the same thing.  I was not speeding that is why my radar detector is on to keep me going in the right speed not to mention my cruise control is always set on the speed limit. My to forms of keeping me going in the correct speed all the time. So he went checked and came back to my car and said "I see you don't make speeding a habit so I'm not going to write you a ticket" just a warning to you "slow down". That was it we both went our merry way.',1
'worst country show ever, especility the first 2 hours. The music was so loud you could not hear the lyrics. What is it with these young bucks? A three day beard ( probably took most of them 3 weeks to grow ) and raggedy  baseball caps, wrinkled clothes. They looked more like homeless drunks or worse.',1
'How about a little quiet while I talk with my boyfriend. With all due respect; he hasn't earned any from me.  Now if he was to resign fron office, and give up the election I would have some respect.',1
'Mr. Burns' endorsement \r\n  \r\n  \r\nD.C. Ho Done \r\n\r\n \r\nGonna vote Obama outta there. \r\nBooyah, booyah \r\nGonna send him packing on that day \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nAll he can do is lie all day \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nAll the Booyah niiiiiiiiite,  \r\nall the Booyah daaaaaaaaaaay. \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nWe don't need a socialist \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nNo help at all creating jobs \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nVOTE Romney/Ryan 2012 Tell Your Friends',1
'Call me Einstein and get me a beer be-otch !',1
'k',0
'Climate change is another government department that helps the unemployment numbers. I can remember tornado's in michigan back in the 50's. They ran their course for a few years and now they are gone. Now they are in other parts of the mid-west. We use to have tons of snow in Detroit. Now, if any, a few inches. The weather is cyclical and if Global warming is such a factor, why isn't china being devastated ?  They are the biggest polluters in the world. All the green energy cars...have they made disposal of their batteries safe ?  All the mercury in the lame light bulbs that the government is pushing. Is their a disposal set-up for that? So you bury all this in the land fills and instead of saving the groundwater, we now have clean air to breath but no water to drink. Remember the story, " you can't put the buggy in front of the horse". Have they unionized the climate change puppets yet?',1
'I bet your MPG is good with that Trans Am.  I hope that I am not too stupid to realize what you said, but when you never even get close to the EPA or manufacturers claims there is something going on.  I have tried almost coasting down the street and can't get close to the mileage claims.  Something is fishy here.',1
'Too funny and amazingly, it sounds like my house!',1
'Croc...... May GOD have mercy on your soul !',1
'WHAT ABOUT OBAMA'S SOCIALIST BACKGROUND?\r\nWHAT ABOUT LIBYA ATTACK 4 AMERICANS DEAD?\r\nGET YOUR PRIORTIES STRAIGHT! HIS TAX RETURNS NONE OF\r\nYOU LIBERALS BUSINESS. HE GIVES MORE IN CHAIRTY THAN\r\nTHE ENTIRE LEFT WING LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PARTY!',0
'I didnt think the president was allowed to carry a cell phone. Security risk and so on. Could you imagine if someone got that cell phone. The numbers, the saucy pic of michelle she sent to keep him warm on long trips.  Either way its a good support for ya cant look good all the time.',1
'Again with the race card !  Strong, selfrespecting Black Americans wouldn't spit on Obama let alone vote for him !',1
'Awsome... I can retire at age 145',1
'Best credit card in America, Simmons First Visa Card, Hands down.  7.5 interest, tough to beat.',1
'Nope! I never have any pictures of people naked on my phone. haha',1
'Hopefully the stupid people above won't be voting.  My dog would be a better choice than the moron taking up space in the white house.  The guy had about 5 minutes political experience.  It's like saying you just got your learner's permit and now you're going off to race in the Indy 500.  I bet you give him credit for "fixing" everything.  He hasn't fixed anything, things are worse.  He's stealing from taxpayers and retirees who have EARNED there Social Security, and all he did to "take bin Laden down" was get the hell out of the way of the military.  And let's try simple math.  If you have $20 and you spend $10 how much is left?  $10.  The idiot you people call your president would have you believe that if you spend $20 you'll have $30 left.  You don't spend your way to more money.  It's called simple math and logic.   \r\n  \r\nDear liberal, left-wing idiots, \r\nPlease stay in your trailer park/project and away from the polls.   \r\nSincerely, \r\nAn educated taxpayer with common sense',1
'I have a friend who belongs to the union and he hasnt worked steady for 4 years. He knows personally how corrupt they reaaly are.',1
'Son is a member of a non-union utility contractor that is in New Jersey. Said there were a lot of angry people, some appearing to be residents, that were throwing eggs, other stuff at utility workers. Seems the folk are either angry at the slow response of getting power up (evidently, the contractors have been waiting for orders to be dispatched to areas in need by the local utility company) or the possiblity of union/company hostility to non-union workers. Hmmm...sounds like a consideration for taking expertise elsewhere. It's a recipe for a no-win situation.',1
'where's the winter',1
'54, still play',1
'I trust the machines... What I dont trust, are the Obaminators who tampered with the machines before bringing them in.....',0
'That puppy in the picture is cute!!',1
'jashn...you are one of the few good ones...you know how to defend a woman:)',1
'If its not fake, she is a terrible mother who uses motherhood as an excuse everywhere.',1
'Grammer is a lost art I guess, " where he aided by strangers" I think there should be a was in there. Unless its a southerner that doesn't know no better.',1
'who would even try to be him??? never mind, no need to answer that',1
'I agree with you, danielhm.  The two party system has been a failure, not giving Americans real choice.  The DNC and RNC put their candidates out there and tell us, this is it, like it or not; Bush vs. Gore?  Bush vs. Kerry?  Obama (with no resume to speak of) vs. McCain?  These are the best people the DNC and RNC can come up with?   These are the people that can "fix" our woes?   It hasn't been working very well as of late; $16 trillion in the red, real unemployment over 10% (not talking reported unemployment), a failing educational system, failing healthcare system, foreign policy is a joke, infrastructure problems......... Some can't understand that doing the same thing over and over will not get you different results.',1
'Cry all you want ESX320. You basically repeated everything I said. Don't you have anything original to say. Face it brother, your supporting a group of individuals who are completely ignorant. Although it seems to suite you very well. And by the way wait til your little Brit boyfriend gets his title pulled for doping. That will be retribution. Much later.',0
'This guy (Mitt)  is an idiot and I can't believe that anyone is considering voting for him much less endorsing him. How can he compare a tragedy where people have lost their lives in a hurricane to a high school football game! At least Obama is compassionate and genuinely cares for this country and everyone in it and is trying to make a valiant effort to make things better for all of us. Mitt has no compassion for this country or any of us...clearly said in this heartless football statement. Mitt for president? Seriously? I hope not!',1
'I agree. Lame article, but the lady working with "free tech support" is kinda sexy....',1
'oh no... no hugging... bullying is much better.... are these people crazy???????',1
'I thought that was Neva Noteeth...Think I meant her in the Boundry Lands in Muskogee..',1
'Barry- Akitas are known to attack children- especially the very small children in their own family.  It's a tragedy people don't research breeds more thoroughly before allowing children to play with them.  I've met several children mauled by Akitas.  And I've euthanized a few of that breed for that very reason. People forget dogs are not humans and they need to be respected as the animals they are.  No dog is 100% safe in every situation, no matter what their owners want to believe.',1
'Outside the Olympic Hotel in Vung Tau SVN waitin to get a room w/hot showers and cold whores',1
'You sound like a very angry person. I appreciate your opinion but, human touch is required for proper emotional development. You probably were raised by people who were convinced there is something wrong with physical contact. It is a shame \r\nyou are unable to appreciate affection. It is sad people are not "annoyed" by bullying or the endless parade of violent images we are subjected to constantly. Chances are you need some help with your immune system since it isn't normal to be sick all the time.',1
'I'm sure five rings and millions of dollars will make him feel better.',1
'**** the unions and then the democrats!',1
'agree\r\nHighly__ Recommend\r\nSenior matchmaking',0
'Forget the CMA's, CMT and GAC. Country is no longer country. Thankfully, there is RFDTV. I can watch real country artists on Larry's Diner and Family Reunion and hear true country.',1
'No.',1
'There are so many Mr. Magoo photos of Romney! Why didn't they do a side by side? Nothing else negative to report? Fox does this kind of stuff! MSN shouldn't lower itself to Fox standards.',1
'This article has some truth to it. I have been pulled over twice in the last six months for seatbelt violations AND speeding...both violations in both instances. I was calm and respectful, and I was completely honest with both officers. Both times I was let off the hook for the speeding and only issued a small ticket for the seatbelt violations.',0
'Mr. Mittens is truly delusional.  Trying to make an analogy between trash on rich kids' football fields and the billions of $$$ of damage and countless lives lost is simply incredible.  The man is so far out of touch with life in the real world, he's lost when trying to relate to it.\r\n \r\nCan't wait for Nov. 7, when he and Queen Ann can move to their little $12 million cottage in La Jolla, and try to decide which of the fleet of Ann's Caddies will fit into the garage elevator.',1
'You know what you all are right , my comment was out of line . I apologize. I just remember being an overworked waitress   and something like this would happen ( the customer complaining not the stealing)  and  getting my wages  cut for it . That , however is  no reason to make assumptions and hateful statements. Again, I apologize .',1
'NO GO TO ENGINE SEARCH AND LOOK UP THE HISTORY OF BARRACK OBAMA!\r\nOR READ OR LISTEN TO HIS BOOK IN HIS OWN AMERICAN HATING WORDS!',1
'Beautiful Markings! in #9,looks like the Inkblot TEST !',0
'I'm the President and you're not.  Get over it!',0
'i think that rule is too paranoid. i mean, come on people! back when i was in the same elementary school as my little brother, i used to hug him whenever i saw him at lunch break.',1
'His comparison is precisely why the moniker, "Mittwit" fits.  The scary thing is all the thumbs-down republican employees paid to log on this and other sites actually produce.  Like true virulent, invasive mutant scum, they won't stay quarantined over at Stormfront and redstate and other such bastions of ignorance, stupidity, pseudoscience, and myth.  They've gotta troll here and other places in their attempt to get the goat of humans.  But I digress.  Mittwit is equal parts sad and pathetic and the POTUS is right, whenever he's opened his mouth on anything, he's been wrong.',1
'Well run over to Staten Island, Mittens.  They are waiting for you.',1
'AYK, You are a free loading bitch I can tell. Pissy whores such as you is why bitch's are called bitch's. I know far more words then you you bargain bitch. Go back to your street corner.',0
'Hunter Hayes was a star 11 years ago, how could he possibly when New artist 11 years later. Oh they realize he should have been recognized back then and are just now admitting to it.',1
'I'm very wary and suspicious of all of this. Surely,surely Hershey would not KNOWINGLY buy cocoa reaped in 'child labor' countries. But if they did, they must pay the price. There are other companies that use cocoa NOT tainted by child labor. We must watch this one closely...just another voice...',1
'Nothing has improved.  Some individuals are so seriously out of touch with reality.\r\n\r\nSo there are a few (seasonal only) new jobs now.  Things are going to get much worse if Obama is permitted to stay in office.\r\n\r\n \r\nIf you have not voted yet, please do not vote for Obama.  I work for three universities and I have literally witnessed thousands upon thousands of lives completely destroyed over the past four years as a direct result of varying things that Obama has done or implemented.  He has no experience and he knows not what he is doing.   \r\n  \r\nI understand that many people do not seem to realize what has really been going on and for some strange reason they believe in this guy.  I guess many people believed in Hitler too, for some strange reason. \r\n  \r\nJust please do not vote for Obama. \r\n  \r\nThank you.',0
'Secret to a long marriage: stay healthy. Wear your seabelt. Don't smoke/drink, don't get fat. Exercise daily. Get a heart scan to know what's going on with your arteries.  Premature death ends many blissful marriages.',1
'Someone...you aren't a very nice person.  You're responses to multiple posts have mean.',1
'Used his hands huh? Did you think he was going to try and mushroom stamp the shark instead?',0
'When was the last time you donated anything? I think Brad Pitt donates money to numerous charities. Any chance your comment might be because you are a redneck american - also known as a BIGGOT!',1
'No: he is an imbecile.',1
'I would lose it. They could not do anything to satisfy me!',1
'Our economy is in the tank.  We have a failed administration.  Do you want to survive in a third world country?  Me, recognizing that Romney has a successful record of running businesses gets my vote.  I want this country to be a success and the only way that will happen is if we run it like a business.',1
'Mitt Romney is honest, dignified, brilliant, and comic as well.',1
'I don't even think God is going to show up.',1
'iSuck!   Hey Apple, remember what you did to Samsung?  How does it feel now, lol!!!  Couldn't happen to a better company!!',1
'snow',0
'Mitt probably outsourced his "lane" to the chinise.',1
'Think I got 500 tonight, just barely beat out a reply...Down a little?? Ha, ha.',1
'I never tip anymore get it out of your employer....Food is over priced by 400% so tips are a thing of the past. Governments are going after point of sale electonic transactions because taxes are not being paid on tips. So rather than give it to the government or pay servers cash and help them with their tax evasion I guess you are out of luck on getting any tips. Before you all start screaming I just don't bother going to restaurants anymore so dont get excited. If your employer doesn't pay you enough to live with out tips then It sounds to me like everyone is taking advantage of you.',1
'I like cats.  They are delicious.',1
'What you plant is what you reap,he planted that "seed' You cannot plant corn and reap orange,she should be the one who sued him!',1
'SORRY ABOUT HIS DEATH AS FAR AS A PITCHER HE WAS A BUM,COULD GET ANYBODY OUT AND STUCK THE YANKEES FOR A BIG CONTRACT.AND RETIRED BECAUSE OF A SO CALLED INJURY.',1
'please read the science by real scientists',1
'What a little pussy.',0
'Fat Canadians in speedos.',1
'GOP Congressman Todd Akin said that women's bodies could ward off pregnancy in cases of legitimate rape. Why would anybody want a political party with people this dumb in it back in power?\r\nLooking forward to the market going way up tomorrow because of the forward thinking policies of President Obama and his impending re-election. Please please VOTE OBAMA!!!\r\nEarly voting results in: 54% for Obama and 41% for Romney. GAME OVER GOP. VOTE OBAMA!!!',1
'Stupid liberal drivel. You sheeple are jumping right on board taking this skewed article to heart..',1
'This is a funny video featuring the Simpson's character Mr. BURNS, and it is almost as funny as two idiots standing at a podium bad mouthing each other while taking TURNS, and the more that they argue the more about them everybody LEARNS, and information about them is disclosed, everything from them having big feet to their house being decorated with FERNS, and the issue that always comes up is how much taxes will a person pay as compared to how much that he EARNS....In the end it all comes down to how we the people VOTE, and our choice will either help us all out or sink us deeper in the swampy MOTE, and the fact is that the chosen one will have the power to take the shirt off of your back, or send you out in frigid cold weather without a COAT, and they love this power because it gives them the chance to brag and GLOAT, and also gives them stories to tell friends and family such as how many checks last month that he WROTE, including one extra-large one to purchase his big awesome dream BOAT, and one for his wife to buy a golden bag known as a TOTE....Just remember that everyone has a chance to get on TOP, and enjoy a life filled with the Hibbity, Dibbity, BOP, and a Pee, Pie, Po, POP!!!!!!!!!',1
'why do these people have to take nude photos of themselves in the first place? Don't they know what they look like with no clothes on? And to give the phone to someone else who may lift them is the height of stupidity....',1
'If Microsoft would be kind enough to remove Jeff-R... an obvious paid political poster with false information designed only to confuse...\r\n\r\nMaybe the rest of us adults can take a sober look at the growing discord in NYC. It isn't enough that they are still reeling from one disaster, but yet another is bearing down on them. In only DAYS, there is widespread gouging and hoarding, much like every 3rd World country worldwide. Not a comment of comparison, but a comment of SENSE, suggesting that more game-playing people like the Party of NO (who STILL haven't showed up for work yet!!!) in Congress are completely unwanted. That a Presidential candidate who whines about the unemployment rate when his OWN business just mass-terminated another business full of personnel-- is TRULY not wanted in America. Come on, America... an entire "party" went after one man for FOUR years. Free him with a re-election and flush the crap out of Congress in favor of cooperation. Its a complete shame and sham that Romney fully ignored the East Coast disaster because his vote was shrinking in Ohio. May we NEVER get strapped with a piece of crap like that!!!!!!!!!!!!\r\n\r\nHey Microsoft... I keep writing you about the ILLEGAL default to BEST. You are treading on our 1st Amendment Rights. Change it back to NEWEST, today. Tell the Koches, Rove and the Bushes what they can do with their financial omnipotent manipulation. It's not a game, folks. it's genuine TERRORISM.',1
'Good morning Chloe! Isn't it just torture when men get sick? ;)',0
'maybe you suck at driving',1
'HaHaHa; what goes around comes around. Meanwhile, as Apple tries to litigate market share because better products from other companies are gaining.............  ​ ....................  ​ ...',1
'You are right about the Verizon employee; however the young lady has to learn about personal responsibility. I guess thats the main difference between your generation and mine, we don't blame someone else when we do something that makes us look STOOPID.',1
'Are you crazy? that is not having it made...it's jaded and it doesn't happen to all children...you must be a wacko!',1
'MP really couldn't care one way or the other. He is just a sad lonely man who likes to talk crazy and stalk people for the attention. The wilder the comment the more attention. Right MP?',1
'look Hon, you don't know if I am a Dem. All you can really know is that your heart is full of hate and envy and bigotry and falsehoods, 'cause you can only really ever know for certain who and what YOU are...when you assume, you make an a$$ out of u not me (it's a clever play on words so I don't believe you will get it)',1
'His public likes him stupid looking...... Pudding pop the jello',0
'If i made the money he makes. I wouldn't give a crap what critics have to say. Cause i would still make more money losing a game, than they ever would make with their best story.',1
'They should change their marketing strategy and make them a useful boot that you can walk in the rain and snow with. Cute rain boots are deff in and have been for a few years now.',1
'Al Gore was hiding them. He didnt want any of his followers to know that global climate change has always existed. Sssshhhhhhhhhh dont tell anyone.',1
'Mexicans.  Whites.  Anybody else you don't like?',1
'Hershey exploiting children? \r\nThe prime beneficary and stockholder of The Hershey Company is the Milton Hershey School.  Check it out.  It provides a fairytale dream to about 1,800 underprivelged kids.  I consume Hershey products without any guilt whatsoever because because I know it supports a good cause.  \r\n  \r\nThe people who are directly responsible for any West African child exploitation are the governments of West African countries and the coccoa growers there.  Not Hershey.',0
'Nope don't have Ugg's, but would rather have them than those weird shoes you had on last week with the nails as heels, wooden blocks up the back of the legs, no soles... at least you can walk in these and they keep your tootsies warm in the winter.',1
'Look babe...It's friday, friday!  I have to get down in my baby seat on friday!',1
'GARY JOHNSON 2012',1
'wow',0
'SSG, \r\n I know why your odds of getting a job are low. \r\n Idiota!',1
'Wonder what they'll talk about for the next four years?  Hopefully not the same.',1
'Yes, in my opinion.  However, NYC's mayor insists that the marathon be run.  (Same guy who doesn't think women should be given baby formula after giving birth as HE feels they should breast feed, the same guy who doesn't think adults can decide for themselves the size of soft drink they should consume.)',1
'Don't forget that by definition, a company is:  an organization that produces or sells goods or services in order to make a profit. Just like a union. Well? Well?\r\n Thought so.',1
'Logical.  If eyes are the *ahem* focus of the research, find something that has definable eyes but otherwise indefinite feayires and put it to the test.',1
'It's because most people suck.....like you.',1
'Pull a Breaking Amish?..Haha, wow! That has to be the funniest thing I have read on this in a while.',0
'At the Cayman Island Summit for U.S. Corporate Tax Cheaters.... \r\n George W. Bush gave the Keynote Speech......Reported  ​  today that the Speech was Totally closed to all Journalist and conference organizers were banned from discussing any aspect of his speech even in general terms...The restrictions were imposed by the Former Presidents's Staff... I wonder why????? Wow.......I guess any advice on investing in Offshore Tax havens in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere to avoid American Taxes were reserved for the people that paid 4, 000 dollars to attend......... \r\n How could any Average American vote for the current Republican Party.....Seriously !!!!    Wow...They at least use to try to hide their Corruption.....and Cheating...',1
'Does Godly equal male control? That is what i have seen, as long as the man calls the shots and the woman obeys......wonder how mr Duggar would like to produce 19 plus children? I think that if god wants them to have another baby (please no more) then he should have it ......along with the morning sickness, swollen ankles, all the weight gain but best of all the fabulous delivery!! someone record it please! I want to see it!',1
'I love  unions. I moved to South Carolina and saw how skilled people were treated was unbelievable. Would rather have a corrupt union then a corrupt management. The raises went to everyone at the top. Nothing trickled down. And they threw it in your face and said THATS THE WAY IT IS DOWN HERE. IF U DONT LIKE IT MOVE BACK NORTH. I DID',1
'hahah Stupid MSN about time you changed the head line I guess you do read what people put on here!!!',1
'Trying to call the White House and got put on hold...press 1 for English...',1
'Obama is a freak 1',1
'Undoubtedly, you will have to replace those poorly-made Payless shoes many times over.  In fact, you may end up paying more than the price of one pair of Uggs.  Penny-wise and Pound-foolish, much?',1
'"you came to America," "i didn't go to your country" \r\n My country is America.  Your privileged hegemonic upbringing is showing. \r\n If you can't get a job as a white man, you are pretty bad at being white.',1
'I'm with Bailey! I've had a pair for the last 3 years and they still look like new! They're a must in Colorado too! Warm, practical, worth the price if they last 3 years! If they lower the prices I'll own more!!',1
'Okay. So.....if you think that servers should be paid by the restaurant, you are looking at a price increase on the food end. Idiots. They pay waiters 3 hour, so your food will be at least reasonably priced. That or you could pay mandatory table fees, like they do in Italy.',1
'Only the good die young...',0
'I know it is frustrating but hey it is too that she doesn't even have the baby on the show and she is already hiring nannies,baby nurses. The other one was it really  important to show on the show that your baby's first 2 months will be spent at four season hotel? Really? At that point I was so disgust and  stopped watching the show . It is all about showing off what she has. I've never seen she did anything about orphanage. All about how much clothes she has, how many designers she has to work on her house...\r\nSo if she cannot even take care of her own kid (by this I mean about nannies,nurses) she  shouldn't judge other people.',1
'CMA awards, really ?  More like MTV or VH1 awards.',1
'I don't care. All I know is that the woman in the picture is wrinkly.',1
'No!',1
'Should be called Pop Music Awards. The trend is getting farther & farther away from REAL country music. Its not bad music, its just that its not country like Hank, Marty Stuart, George Jones, Waylon & Johnny Cash. When ya buy an Alan Jackson or George Strait record, those guys deliver REAL country music. Music Row execs dont really care. For them its all greed &  \r\n$.',1
'Every minor restriction the Chinese authorities impose is one more step toward a new revolution there: a double-edged sword for the US. If China ever becomes truly democratic, we wiill have a more daunting competitor than we now do. Makes it kinda hard to really root for human rights there and just might reveal why our government is hardly ever seriously dedicated to helping groups in other countries overthrow repressive regimes and frequently mollifies some regimes that are polar opposite of our own.',1
'" If I  say it , it has to be true "',1
'i think he's just posing that way as a funny jesture.',1
'This is the same study that is done every ten years or so and the same conclusion is reached every time.  Kinda tells you what ends up changing due to the research.  Nothing.',1
'shovel ready??? another 16 trillion???  no sweat..',1
'Great I quit nestles because they were selling defective infant formula in Africa, now I can never eat a Hershey's bar.  Well thank god, there is a small organic, Chocolate producer near me.   Darn now I have to go buy a Chocolate bar.  Maybe I should get some medical marijuana, then I would need several Chocolate bars.',1
'WHAT?  The Chosen Ones are the ones who have embraced Jesus as their Saviour, repented and been baptized!  If You've ever read the book of Paul, his epistles (letters) about the new, young Christian faith, he admonishes that the Jews of the OLD faith are no better than the new Christians, circumcized or not,  and are all your brothers IN Christ!\r\nGive me a break (amputation or not!) and read your bible before making statements of MONUMENTAL stupidity!  And yes, Jesus was a Jew, but he preached about love, sharing and forgiveness, and NOT just blindly following all of the old Abrahamic laws because of fear of retribution.  There is so much more to being a Chosen One than just following the OLD Hebraic laws, and Jesus himself preached such!  And no one of the followers of Abraham control me!  Yes, they may be bankers, lawyers and moguls, but so are Catholics, Mormons and Christians.  Oh yes.. And please do NOT forget atheists, such as Mark Zuckerberg (yes, BORN a Jew, but now an avowed atheist!).',1
'so if you don't like the bible just ignore it. she didn't say vote for Obummer or Romney, just Vote in a way that you thinks is right.',1
'Drown like rats Yankees',1
'Why not run the country without a president for four years? Everybody vote for self...scraping early voting.',1
'did you finish reading the article? the report is false. union and non union workers are working together in this disaster. the crew from trinety.came home because there project was over. BTW. THEY WERE ALL PAID UNION WAGES.',1
'I would have been impressed if he had walked on water.',1
'Is it me or are cops these days more stupid.  There are some good one's and i thank them for there service.  I live in Florida (dade county )and i swear i don't know how the are on the job.',1
'Obama care has already caused medical increases of up to 350% in policy costs in areas.',1
'Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.',1
'He said "I ain't been proud..." he just says it with a drawl.',1
'Please know that you are in are hearts and minds as well as our prayers.',1
'Show me a place in US that you can buy US grown cocoa by the ton and you have a right to complain',1
'The more you talk, the more you sound like you have a can of alpo in your mouth??? Are you spawned with waves of beef and chicken and Jelly? Can someone of your caliber smear such a thing on 2 slices of toast like Peanut Butter..... Maybe you're more into a 9 lives kind of thing..... Wait!!!!! If you do eat dog/cat food, you must also have a dog or cat!!!! Tell me then????? Do you smear wet dog/cat food on your clitoris to persuade your animals to engage in sexual deviances of your nature???? Or maybe you don't prefer dog/cat food.... Maybe you use PB because it sticks better and stays in the same spot as you lay and spread.....',0
'AMEN TO THAT!! Where have all the stand up bass, steel guitars, and fiddles gone? We need Waylon, Hank, and Haggard back on them stages, not this pop/rock broke up with my boyfriend let me write a song crap. Traditional Country needs to be restored. Mark my words keep a look out for miss Madelyn Victoria from Texas, she is gonna bring it back. As of now she sings her originals which have all been driven by inspiration from nothing but the best, Strait, Haggard, Patsy Cline, Willy, Brooks & Dunn, and her favorite Mr. Johnny Cash. I definitely concur Traditional Country will make a come back!!!',1
'some cops are soo nice',1
'"""""If Obama is responsible for 4 dying in Benghazi, then Republicans are responsible for over three thousand dying in the world trade centers, wake up and smell the roses, people die because evil exists.********',1
'Moron.',1
'Not ony tasteless but disrepectful in light of the damage done because of Sandy. \r\nPut down the camera, put on some sweats and offer a helping hand to the victims instead of being so selfish and self centered. \r\nNot only is she not an actress but she's not glamourous at all even with the big boobs.',0
'all of you people need to get a grip.... yes country music has changed so has rock and rap and everything else... i bet none of you could ever sing half as good as they can .... so untill you can shut up... go slam on someone else...i think they all did a good job... and for those of you who say the award show is too long then turn it off cause it is apparently past your bed time .. your cranky need your sleep. REALLY YOU PEOPLE MAKE ME SICK',0
'That's ok. I'm a dumazz yankee working with a bunch of dumber and lazy azz rebels.',1
'P.S. Hope your neighborhood gets back to normal soon, Bob.',1
'Not mutually exclusive.  He may well contribute to those other causes.  It's easy to dismiss the those who work for gay marriage when your family is not suffering because of the existing laws.',1
'Yes, Cartoons today decide the fate of our Nation as long as billionaire Democrats like George Soros, the Clinton's and now Obama & co. are painted to look like they are still poor working class citizens... The Clinton's own thousands of oil stock shares but that never hits the media airwaves.',1
'Satan is the paranoia in your head....',1
'As crazy as this sounds............af  ​ ter many blind taste test.........I and a majority of male and female friends have consistently been surpirsed that a Pabst Blue Ribbon out of the bottle is the best tasting beer around.\r\n \r\nAre they making these in a different fashion than the last 30 years? I've been surprising everyone. Great job!',1
'So perhaps men won't mind sharing the domestic needs of a household.',1
'1) I notice you have changed the subject from your false assertion.\r\n2) The proper response when you make a false statement is to apologize, not to change the subject.  You asserted that I only support far-left sources, when in fact my sources were from NASA, EPA, National Academies, NOAA, etc.\r\n3) Unsupported assertions are not facts. You make a lot of claims, but offer no evidence.\r\n4) Your new assertions are also unsurprisingly unsupported by fact, and the implication is contrary to fact.\r\n\r\nThe science of global warming goes back more than 150 years.  Scientists have studied global warming under Carter, Reagan, Bush 1, Clinton, Bush 2 and now Obama have been pretty consistent.  The vast majority of the actual climate scientists who are doing the actual climate science accept global warming.  \r\n\r\nYOU are the one who rejects evidence out of hand - without having the least understanding of it.',1
'What??? Me Worry?',1
'As much daylight as there is between actual disaster clean-up and picking paper plates and cups from a football field, such is the distance between the the man and the 47%.',1
'SingleDad maybe you should learn to read as well.\r\n \r\n"Pepco Holdings' () Atlantic City Electric, whose service area includes the storm-ravaged Jersey shore, is now "aware of this occurring in our service territory. We are focused on the restoration effort," according to spokesman Frank Tedesco"',1
'What if it had been his weapon and he didn't realize it was loaded?  Guy needs to be working at flipping burgers somewhere!',1
'Hey! look its grey ghost and someone! other wise known has the senile a-hole and the retard!',1
'BigDaddy, \r\n Stop watching Boardwalk Empire, it's affecting your knowledge of politics',1
'This vehicle is equipped with auto-destroy if necessary, just dump  sea water to start process.',1
'This was an isolated incident that was immediately fixed.  Apparently this happens every year to both parties.  Try reading the articles closer.  If you really cared about electronic voting machines stealing elections, look back at 2004 when Bush stole Ohio with the theft of 200,000+ vote theft.',1
'Tatum - "I guarantee you the world's leading meteorologists, of which you are not one, are more concerned about climate fluctuations in the last 100 years than they are concerned about what happened during the Ice Age. That's why I made that joke. What happened 20,000 years ago has no bearing on what's happening now, at least in that sense."\r\n\r\nI notice that you jumped back to our climate 20,000 years ago as though it were a static entity while totally ignoring the 20,000 years of climate patterns since then. I didn't say look at the weather as it was 20,000 years ago; rather, I said look at the weather over the past 20,000 years (or 2000 years, or 200,000 years--take your pick). Examine the weather over the past 2000 years, 20,000 years, or 200,000 years and see how it has fluctuated over extremely long periods of time.\r\n\r\n"Minute changes over long periods of time are one thing, but rapid changes in a small period of time (and the possible reasons for them) is another."\r\n\r\nAnd we haven't had rapid changes in climate before, as in well before the industrial revolution?\r\n\r\n"As for your "Atlantic coast" lunacy, I'm fairly certain denizens of Miami have been more threatened by hurricanes in the last 100 years than those in Hoboken."\r\n\r\nYou do realize that you're the one defining the Atlantic Coast for me? I never said that the Atlantic Coast includes only the southern seaboard states of Florida, Georgia, the Carolinas, and Virginia. You read that definition into my words and then blamed me for saying it. So now who's spouting your "Atlantic coast lunacy"? (IOW, I already know that the Atlantic Coast includes everything from Maine to Florida, and that was the definition from which I posted.)\r\n\r\n"Or maybe you're the kind of person who really does need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows?"\r\n\r\nNo, you just need to learn how to read.',1
'rsqme1...  \r\n "The lady didn't want to press charges, it wasn't anything serious, but the law has a 10-day quarantine period," he says.\r\n\r\nBecause Zion was a month past due on his yearly rabies vaccine, he was held for the full 10 days at McKamey Animal Center. \r\n \r\n If you check msn's source you will see that Tabby is correct.',1
'Negative press coverage gets more attention and therefore more eyeballs on the story.  Since social media is now driving what we see and read even more, angry analysis in the guise of  a news story will continue.',1
'You disgust me, truly......how low can you go.  I don't see anybody posting your address...wish they would so I could come and seize all of your pot plants....at least that's one thing you have to offer',1
'EWWWWW! SOMETHING PLASTIC HIT HER!',1
'lets see...we have abc,cbs,nbc,cnn and how many others so biased towards the dumocrats....\r\nand we have fox....on the republic side....yea and it's tied??????\r\n \r\nshouldn't that illegal muslim kenyan be WAY out in front????',1
'@CPL....Love your comment...Why can't these fools see that he is not good for America???',1
'Misspelled ID and made-up words = moron.',1
'I've would like more truth and less lies from the candidates',1
'tell this to the cop in Waveland, MS who stopped an unemployed 62 yr old woman for a seat belt infraction from behind the car!...no warning from the "hospitality city" ...first day in town! then couldn't get to court because of hurricane Isaac...lots of cops in south MS...watch out!!',1
'I've been downsized but I have 2 jobs to pay my bills. So three times in the last 10 years, I have dated men who eventually quit because of reasons we all go through... "the boss is a jerk", "I hate this job", "my co-workers are idiots and I do all of the work". And they quit with no other income. Then didn't look for work and didn't do anything around the house. Unfortunately nice guys take the heat for the others who aren't so nice. So yeah- I'm not interested in you unless you can take care of yourself. Crappy economy or not. It's cold, but I don't expect  you to pay for me if I don't have a job either. I'm not asking for the Taj Mahal here. Maybe McDonalds every blue moon though.',1
'Remember that when you try to wear your bible shirt to the polling booth.',1
'legal gun, or illegal gun?  That's the difference dumba$$... they all have them.  Popa G- I'm sure you're right, sure he was.  And still will be, convict or not',1
'Roses are red , Violets are for giving, punch a great white in the face so you can keep on living !! Hope you heal quickly!',0
'Look, I would not waste my time, listening to that woman. She is totally out of touch with reality.',1
'Oh, I see.  So New Yorkers are all about being edgy and trashing flyover country, or just ignoring it altogether when there is a disaster, but don't like it so much when it is done to them?? I don't think I've ever seen or heard of a caravan of New Yorkers coming to help at some disaster in middle America.  I bet the Iowan Methodists are packing their vans as I type this.  Hey New York, don't be so sensitive.',1
'Yeah, they were stiped black and white.  They were so wide I tripped over them and nearly broke something...they are gone out of my closet.  They need to narrow the last....',1
'-Meg    "I myself can push family into having confidence to attend college and graduate, but I can't get myself to even fathom it. Brit probably s a pretty good cheerleader to others but needs someone to be a cheerleader to her. Your OBSERVATION  is superficial look deeper."  \r\nThank you I will. \r\nI probably should have elaborated on that point a little.  I appreciate your comment and agree that is one way to look at it.  However, it's a known fact in sales,  if you don't believe in a product  when you're trying to encourage others to believe in it's usefulness, chances are you're not going to make a sale.  Britney has been very kind to the ones she's mentoring, but her discomfort and lack of confidence in herself still comes through.  Another way to think of it though, it's okay to show vulnerability and still be able to function.  The fact that Simon has to keep reassuring her and she keeps working on it and pushing ahead, is a good example for her group also.  Just an opinion.  Many ways to look at it.  Thank you for your input.',1
'TIWIT \r\n A MAN OF YOUR IMMENSE WEALTH WAITING FOR A HANDOUT ??????',0
'hes cute cats are the best!',1
'you forgot to add that hillbilly show Honey boo boo',1
'GOOD FOR Richard, now THAT'S how you do it!',1
'Naw, we need to drown a few more rats first.',1
'I didn't even bother watching last night because personally I think Brad Pasley has turned cocky and is hooked on himself. When I watched the CMAs last year I thought he did a terrible job. I didn't want to waste my time watching him this year.',1
'Mr. Romney was not stating that he could relate with those who were "cleaning up" after the storm.  He was drawing a comparison as how we can all do what we can to assist those affected by this storm.  We can't do everything to solve the problems, but we do what is in our power to do.\r\n \r\nHe stated that football game clean up crew felt overwhelmed when they first surveyed the job before them, but as each person took one lane and cleaned it the task wasn't so daunting and by each person doing a smaller portion of the task the job did get done.',1
'Unfortunately you may be right on this premise. The tragedy is that the electorate is grossly ignorant of the economic realities that determine the longer term economic health of our nation. The short term indicators you are using to spin for Obama plausibly claiming improvements in the economy are laughable to any reasonably informed person. I do however accept the fact that most of our populace are uninformed about the consequences of our debt, excessive regulations, projected layoffs, 14% real unemployment and corporations projections for reduced capital spending under another Obama presidency.\r\nWhen nearly half of current college graduates are unable to balance a checkbook correctly, cant define the source of capital formation or accurately descibe how the market works, it is no wonder people on a large scale buy into the superficial indicators you reference.\r\nEveryone would be much better served by listening to Steve Wynn, Mort Zucker, Ken Lagone, the presidents of Caterpillar, John Deere etc, etc. than opinion writers and talk show hosts in the tank for Obama. These are the peope with the most factual and credible insights on where weare and where we are headed.\r\nRECOVERY-WHAT RECOVERY?',1
'I'm seeing more and more stories about people losing it due to Sandy complications. I hate to blame victims here, but a little preparedness and common sense could have gone a long way. \r\n  \r\n1. Millions were told to evacuate as early as a week before the storm hit. Many didn't, or couldn't, and are now complaining about poor response by the Government and long lines at gas stations. It's not the Government's fault, there's only so many responders and repair personnel, and everyone is doing the best they can. Maybe you should have listened or prepared yourself a little better.  \r\n  \r\n2. Power is still out to much of the affected area, which means ATMs, debit cards, credit cards, etc are useless. It's a cash purchase environment. \r\n  \r\n3. For those who decided to stay and didn't stock up on essentials, I don't know what to tell you. When the power goes out and you have no flashlight, no water, and a bunch of food that requires a microwave to prepare, I have to question what was going through your mind in the days prior to the storm. \r\n  \r\n4. Stop walking around in the flood waters. There's no telling how much industrial and human waste you're wading through.  \r\n  \r\n5. As desperation becomes worse, so will human behavior. No matter how much New Yorkers like to pride themselves on pulling together in times of crisis, humans always have and will always be self preserving creatures first. Pulling a gun on someone in a long line for gas is pretty mild compared to how people will be acting if the power stays out for a few more days.',1
'Just more votes to buy and stay in power.',1
'The US presidency is for sale.  Anybody in the world with enough money can buy the US presidency.  Super-PACs do not have to disclose where the money is coming from.  This is the wisdom of the US supreme court!',1
'Oh COMON...If the parents found it before the kids did they would have tried to track down the exact adresss it came from, put the kids to bed early, then went back knockin on that same door asking if these guys had anymore...',1
'I absolutely LOVE the song "Pontoon" by Little Big Town and feel they deserved to WIN!!!  My hubby is not a huge fan of Country Music and even he thinks its a great party song :)  I blast it in my car and house every time it comes on the radio.  Haven't heard a FUN song like that in a long long time!!',1
'Didn't realize that was a real person until I saw her tongue that doesn't have makeup on it',1
'"Let me show you what happens to people who do not listen to the police," \r\nThis lawsuit is going to be indefensible.\r\nSo many subpoenas, depositions, and all the time in the world.\r\nDidn't realize that the Tazer X26 was loaded? WTF.\r\nDidn't realize that his 9mm sidearm pistol was loaded either?\r\nThese quotes by the officer demonstrate premeditation.\r\nThe State of New Mexico; Attorney General should be looking into filing\r\ncriminal charges against this officer and those responsible for his training\r\nand certification.\r\nI'd guess $2-3 million on undisclosed settlement.',1
'Their shells are living tissue in the sense that your finger nails are living tissue. You can carve them without inflicting pain and OBVIOUSLY if you penetrate the cavity it will hurt and cause infection as would be the case with any living creature. It can (and has been for over 500 years) be done without causing pain. \r\n\r\nArmchair Philanthropists such as yourself make me sick. You assign emotions to creatures that have none to make yourself feel valid or superior. Just because YOU are offended doesn't mean you are correct. \r\n\r\nYou are an idiot and a bleeding heart. You're ruining this country...',1
'NOBODY puts baby in a corner!',1
'Hey Kneon_Knight,\r\n You stupid, Ignorant rube, did you ever look up, "STUPID", and "IGNORANT"? It is waayyy funny how ironically, delicious your ignorance is. It is more like you are stupid, not just ignorant.',1
'I know many people who work at ACO's and pounds.  They do care.  There is no excuse for this, though- it was inexcusable and the people whose fault it is need to be held accountable and removed from their positions.  Want to see animals treated better?  Tell idiots to stop adopting animals if they don't think it is a lifetime commitment.  Then there will be no need for shelters, rescues or pounds.  Until breeders stop breeding to make money, owners start spaying and neutering their pets BEFORE they reproduce, and only commited owners adopt we will always have animals being mistreated, neglected and abandoned.',1
'Because he's a fool.',1
'Knock off the drama...good luck with that one! Every single woman I know should be nominated for an Emmy!',1
'That was great! Nice to see good friends show respect.',1
'Jack - you seem a bit bitter.  I have more education than my husband, and I do pay all of our credit card bills (eating out, his clothes, my clothes, our daughter's clothes).  I also pay for health insurance, the cars, daycare etc.  He covers the morgage, utilities, and our saving.  I don't think that we're that far off from most duel income families.  It is all OUR money. \r\n  \r\nMen often end up paying more because they generally out earn their wives even if they both work full-time. \r\n  \r\nBTW - When I was single, I tried going dutch on dates.  Things didn't go well when I did it on a first date.  I eventually learned to let him pay for the first, and then I'd be responsible for the second.',1
'Sooooo is it safe to say if I have abooouutt  10 brand new Iphones I can make my Price in Mexico? Shyt I'll take some of that dope money for payment......fugg Apple!',1
'Anyone old enough to remember the gas crisis in the 1970's undoubtedly remember the fights at the pump even after the Odd Even fill up days were imposed',1
'and laurel',1
'safe working environment? have u ever seen a cocoa tree..??',1
'bad jeep from china',1
'X doesn't make you unconscious, nor does it cause memory loss or blackouts, but booze does. She said she was drinking. Maybe she tipped a few too many glasses and blacked out. Either way, I don't foresee this going to court. Either she'll drop it or he'll pay her off via "out of court settlement".',1
'You always leave a quarter which is why the restaurants you frequent spit on your food.',1
'Love UGGS but can't always pay the price ....lower the price & there will be many more sales!',1
'yeah jet your probably right my opinion is for me and if you dont agree, thats your choice, i still think he sucks..............s  ​ ign diehard pistons fan.....',1
'this broad needs to stay home and feed her kids\r\nthere is no way she should be eating out for $138....\r\nbut i guess she must be an inbred redneck beeatch.....',1
'What closet have you been hiding in? When fuel goes up, so does food and other commodities. Everything. You don't think that if gasoline drastically dropped those other high costs wouldn't?',1
'A fed chief can only be fired by displaying gross imcompetence.  Given that smart money and most economists that aren't politically motivated have been praising his actions.. that's not going to happen. \r\n  \r\nI don't blame Bernanke for not wanting to go again in 2014.  He's done an amazing job, guided us through what could have been a depression.. and he's villified for it. \r\n  \r\nMore interestingly, he's villified by the GOP for doing exactly what Milton Friedman (Reagan's unofficial advisor) would have said to do.',1
'lmao :)',1
'I.',1
'Has a day job, but frequently doesn't show up.',1
'poop',1
'Tog\r\n \r\nBefore Bernanke and his Washington cronies pushed interest rates down to near zero, it was quite easy to earn an honest return from your money. Savers are screwed and losing to inflation. I hate QE3.',1
'As most of the posts are responding, this is ludicrous!  Hugging, praying, being kind...if it helps, why stop it.  And WTH is a "hug related injury?"',1
'Quess Steve is Flip Flopping in his Grave ..... LOL',1
'Yes . . . you are !',1
'YES',1
'dont tell me we all havent had this look before,  I think it is CUTE !!',1
'How come the Blogs on this site have been reduced. Most of the stuff you used to be able to write about is no longer available. I guess it is a way MSMBC can keep people from posting fact checks on their articles.',0
'Get over it, losers.  It's a goddamn DOG.',0
'Is this trend the result of the epidemic of single mom households? Girls see that men abandon them, they are unreliable, they are not necessary, single moms get rewarded and entitlements for their lack of good judgment with a partner.  Boys do not have a father figure,  they grow up lacking in ambition believing a woman like their mom will always take care of them, and with our society slanted to thinking women are exceptional to men, not equal, well the men know things are stacked against them, why push themselves.',1
'People!!!  This man is so far out of reality it's downright scary.  I do truly fear for our country if he is elected.  Whoever thought McCain and Palin would look so inviting?  I used to think Romney was just  rich and arrogant.  Now I think he's mentally deficient.   Hope voters in these hard-hit storm states remember his stand against FEMA and are able to clean up their own lane.',1
'GOES TO A DENTIST FOR A HAIRCUT',1
'Super Beast don't hold your breath waiting for Chris to show up.....as he more than likely can't cross the Texas state line as one of his conditions of his parole.',1
'yea right and im endorsing homer simpson!',1
'they should raise it to thirty, not allow anyone to vote that is not a white male like it was when this country started.',1
'So, let the huggers hug...Stay in your bubble and leave the "lovers" of this world alone. Love will save us and I chose to be part of that process... So far so good. I am fifty three, retired with a loving husband, close friends and plenty of money. Is it all about hugging? Absolutely not, but, I have found physical affection very healing.  \r\nThere is a conditon in medicine which is called "skin hunger". It happens when people are not touched. This is a particular problem among hospital patients. If \r\nyou don't believe this, check the research. Babies die when they are not touched. \r\nIt is called "failure to thrive" another medical condition. Look it up. You might learn something. Infectious diseased are amongst us all the time. You are exposed to colds etc whether you touch another person or not...We wonder why there are so many people who can't maintain relationships, so much sexual dysfunction and  mindless violence...',1
'That's cool but if they was getting thrashed. Would they still have gave him the ball or just scored the touchdown?',1
'Yes, but dont lose what need to be done. He has to work with what in front of him and not to depend on it he still the best ball player and he need to give it his all. Good luck Kobe and God bless you.\r\n \r\nAl',1
'Egghead, He spells it the way he wants to.....no different than me calling you a libturd..... \r\n  \r\nAre you stupid?',0
'"he"',1
'I live in NM and I must say the peasant mentality here is something to behold. This is why we are now the poorest state in the US.  The mexicans run this state and everybody in it.  Corruption is out of control on the local and state level.  These are the same mexicans supporting illegal immigration.  This is the same bunch of liberals Hussein Obama supports.',0
'1Karen22, Beer, I was drunk from the night before, But having an Italian Wedding, I had to drink a Shot of whiskey with all the people coming in. Try that. We only had 650 people at our Wedding.',1
'RU saing there's no more work in NY & NJ???',1
'He already reniged on his campaign legalization promises, when Mexico complained about adverse affects on their profit margins, he started his nationwide clamp down on medical marijuana, shutting clinics nationwide. Mexico has legalized all personal use of all drugs as of 2009, President Calderone addressed the US Congress on his nation's concern that the US might legalize personal marijuana use, without disclosing that his contributors' incomes are based on contraband smuggling to the US. Big O knows how to butter bread.',1
'VL, yep thats where the $16 T went, must be why Obummer couldn't create any jobs with the stimulus. Even he gave to Dubya's corporate friends. Moron.',1
'Again ... another "story" --- yes it really was that way .. the law has recently changed and the unions in Chicago at places like McCormick and others are no longer required to build, set-up or "plug-in" anything. Vendor may do everything start to finish if they so chose. Again .. not saying it wasn't that way but if you're going to state information in an argument, it should probably be current information not history',1
'Which is why we must keep the weed organic, girl',1
'You are right on both.',1
'No big deal.',1
'Yes. Can't wait to get a bottle.',1
'Interesting, no mention that the ADP numbers for adding new jobs was done on a new method of calculation.  And, no mention of seasonal part-time help.  Hmmmmm, and right before the election too.  I wonder why?  And the market moves up on hope?  Again, at 13,000, the market is overvalued on a pure value basis.  This is really a 9,000 -10,000 market.  Sooner or later it will get there.  Gee, I hope that doesn't happen right after the election.  That would show what really has happened over the past 4 years.',0
'Although I've never heard of him my prayers still go out to his family and friends who loved him.',1
'Why not.  All blacks (actually 93 %) vote for Obama just because he is black.',1
'The dog didn't "attack" the pizza guy, he jumped on him.  Really, since when is it OK to kill another living thing for being rude?  Is that OK now cause I have a few people who I'd like to take care of that way!',1
'I don't live in the gutter.',1
'kelly sounded awesome as did zach brown,the rest of the show sounded off like the sound guys did not do a good job. a show for music awards should not be remembered for poor sound quality.don't blame the artist they sing the songs every day,it was the sound guys.miranda great voice ,fire your waredrobe person,not your best day.',1
'"It will be interesting to observe whether this change develops into more equality between men and women in other aspects of their life." \r\n  \r\nNo, it doesn't.  I am the main bread winner and I still have to get home to clean, cook, do laundry, etc.',1
'Cops suck',1
'Spare the RhinO! The Chinese will grind them up and get a HardOn over this One!',1
'WALL STREET NOTHING BUT UTTER FRAUD!\r\n \r\nYesterday's SUCKER rally of 136 wiped out in an instant by fleecing traders, brokers, hedge fund managers and all the other slimeballs that are part of this outrageous thievery.',1
'Sorry, 4 minutes 7 seconds is to long for me to watch Miley.',1
'I have heard some incredibly stupid questions asked on this site but you have really outdone yourselves. Of course it's not OK your supposed to wait until the kid is born and then give it alcohol',1
'And you think child labor in the cocoa plantations in the Ivory Coast didn't exist in Milton Hershey's days?',1
'It would be better if I not state my exact fellings, but someone would have a new **** opening - then it would proceed to get ugly at very rapid rate!',1
'thanks... I was best friends with my husband long before we were involved romantically.  I've known him (he lived down the street from me) since i was about 11 or 12 years old.  We got married when I was 19.  I have always believed that our friendship carried us through the rocky patches.',1
'It's a conspiracy!  I'm not sure who's behind it or why or how....but everything's a conspiracy!',0
'wow........other than candy and money.......Nothing.  ​ .......but Coke?....oh my gosh........what the hell is going on with folks........in the kids trick or treat bag?\r\n \r\nWhat the ****?\r\n \r\nDO i need to get on a Plane and come over and WUPE this Fools **** or will somebody in England open a good ole fashion can of WUPE **** for me?\r\n \r\nLet me know........cause this needs to be done First and foremost ASAP...before sentencing ....jail time or hanging!............  ​ geeze!',1
'I've got a 5th of JD black I bought July 7th 1977 and still haven't opened that.Maybe on Dec 20th this year I finally will...',1
'I started making my own. First few attempts were really bad - worse than Old Milwaukee. Getting better though.',1
'just heard das racist on a k-mart commercial during the CMAs.',1
'Sounds like bullsh!t to me... What 10yr old would come up with that? "Afraid I'll never wake up again" WAH! It's just a bit too much...',0
'I would note that Al Gore Bought himself some Beach Front property on the East Coast about a year ago. Apparently he doesn't believe in Global Warming & Sea level rise as he has proclaimed. Unless of coarse he's an Idiot therefore nothing he proclaims has legitimate bearing.',1
'EmptyHead, \r\n Everybody in the country, including you, knows darn well that Obama is milking this storm for everything it's worth. Who do you think you're kidding? How many times have you liberal buffoons talked about how "Presidential he looks? To blame Romney for doing the same thing is ignorant, and asinine. But hey, that's your M.O. \r\n Did you notice that he went to show his mug with Republican Christie, but didn't even show his face in New York? Ya, no "Playing" there!    The difference is, Romney isn't in charge YET.\r\n Congratulations to "Team Catastrophe in Chief"! 456 days since he was elected, and he's "Looked Presidential" for 3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !',1
'Good job LA. Greedy puppy mill owners are the scum of the earth. Dogs & cats will trump them anytime.',1
'Mike Brown, Coach of the Lakers,    Obama,   Both promise hope and change, both have Failed.....',1
'Oh look, the misleading titling of "STATEMENT... (it's not true).',1
'This kitty is just doing kitty things. As all enlightened folk know, ANY kitty who is acting like this is the cutest cat around.  I used to have a cat who sat around in the pose that's in the first photo - was so funny to walk in a room and see him sitting there like that.',1
'Dear "Youve" \r\n The separation of church and state referred to only extends to the church or the state - not the person performing her civic duty. The fact that she was there to vote and she was not WORKING there - means she was protected by the first amendment - freedom of speech. She has the right to express her views - you have the right to look the other way. \r\n The fact that she was not wearing a Vote Obama or Romney or anyone else means that she was not electioneering.  \r\n and BuddaDon - Mormons are not Christian (their Christ is a different one ( he is the brother of Satan) than the Christ of the New Testament (Son of GOD) which the Christians follow). They are good people, no doubt about that. Family oriented. But in the grand scheme of things - that doesn't count when they eventually leave this planet.',1
'I don't buy this for a second, why the hell would you give out hundreds of dollars worth of cocaine to each kid whenever you could just be handing candy. Either this guy has more money than sense or this is a complete **** story. Knowing the track record of MSN Now articles, it's another **** story.',1
'I wonder if I can buy a Vote the Koran t-shirt...wait, I change my mind, I want a Vote Flying Spaghetti Monster t-shirt. That makes more sense than the Bible.',1
'Hey it is Halloween, use your common sense, people look, dress, and act different.\r\nif people like this sort of recreation so be it. Make sure you know who you are attacking\r\nand think before you act.',1
'But an ugly slut insinuating first time sex with obama is ok',1
'Obama 2012  \r\n Clinton 2016 \r\n Viva El partido Democrata!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'Buying a gas-powered car was one of the biggest mistakes of my life.',1
'Oh, and God bless this hotel owner and the others who do the same thing.  THEY have their priotities straight.',1
'I would caption it "Mittens' spin-machine run amuck trying to denigrate a great president with a random candid photo."',1
'Your GAMBLERS are from Chicago !!  the Vegas line says Romney wins in a landslide !! \r\nIT IS COMING !!!!          OHIO for Romney !!',1
'I miss the real country music. People like Gene Watson, Merle Haggard, George Strait, George Jones, Willie Nelson, Johnny Cash, and others too many to mention. Granted their are some good singers out there now but most are pop singers hiding under the country music banner.',1
'also, you say i have failures,\r\n \r\nbeing an electrician for 16 years, then going on and doing home and business remodeling on my own,\r\nwhile also doing everything that came along to earn a living, at least try to earn a living.\r\nalso doing automotive work,\r\nwork such as tune ups and break work on such cars as Rolls Royce, BMW, Mercedes etc.........\r\n \r\ndoing roofing, foundation work,\r\n \r\nall this kind of work i did on my own with no help from anyone,\r\njust never learned how to be a piece work that found out how to work the system.',1
'someone \r\n  \r\nMakes you proud to be in a union? Must also make you proud to not have to perform and still keep your job. Not be able to handle the real job world and have a union rep PUKE handle everything for you.  \r\n  \r\nUnions employees are greedy lazy worthless Americans. This story is another example of proof.  \r\n  \r\nImagine going to work, be a piece of sh.t employee, and still be able to keep your job. GO unions',1
'I can't think of any strange thing I ever recieved on Halloween.',1
'Be a union member and suck the life out of the working class with your "living wages" and pension benefits. Or better yet, put on your work clothes and go get a real job.',1
''and no she looks like something that crawled off the set of Jersey Shore to be honest. Would be much more attractive without the "fake bake".' False assumptions about your character? I think your "character" speaks for itself.. As to your 'fans' I dont think either one of cares whether you breathe or not. Its called 'Delusions of Grandeur." Get yourslf help man.',1
'Who, ME?   Tee hee hee...',1
'We don't know that it took a long time,perhaps they just started looking today. The fact that they are 160 million  years old does not imply  any was looking that long.',1
'They dont need to CANCEL it, just postpone it. But having a marathon when there are friends and family members still unaccounted for is disrespectful.',1
'You know what? He may become one of the 47% but it's people like him who needs that help now that he has lost a leg! It's the people who have all their limbs and health that get the help like welfare , social security, etc! People with ADHD, bipolar,etc are the ones who get approved while people like this guy can't. Be careful what you say and think because it can happen to anybody! I lost half of my left arm in Iraq(which was my dominant hand) and have an artificial disk in my back!!!! Guess who didn't get approved for social security? Yep me!!!!!    Be careful karma is a bitch!!!!!!!',1
'Hell NO!',1
'Cuz they want to make a blog about you and ask another stupid question as usual, heheh...',1
'My example ignores nothing.  The article is listing the worst types of credit cards.  The people who use these credit cards fall under the category of "people who don't understand how to use credit cards properly."  The credit cards listed in the article penalize the people who were dumb enough to apply for them and use them. \r\n  \r\nWhy would anyone complain about a card with high fees when there are many cards out there that offer lower and often times zero fees?  It's ignorance plain and simple.',1
'He just heard Biden speek out of turn again and Chit his pants. Joe will you please Shut-Up.',1
'Yes.  With a good insole added, they are incredibly comfortable and warm.  I believe some of these boots will survive as classics for people in cold-weather areas.  I bet Sandy survivors would feel a lot of comfort in this cold if someone went and donated them the overstock.',1
'Obama is on the phone saying to MIchelle you should see all the people standing in line to see me. And the lady in the red dress just sad Obama this is the unemployment line and the camera clicked just as he sad OW OK.',1
'u said it ktwhw, its all about cycles, ive been saying that to a lot of people for about 4 or 5 years now. yes flare ups from the sun have been increasing and because of that it is warming up our planet, not the people who inhabit it. \r\nand the whole evolution thing, i have just one question, where is the proof we came from a tiny single celled organism? shouldn't there be somewhere in the world where evolution is still in the making? half tadpole half man maybe? oh there isn't\r\nGod is our creator that is how we came about not some tadpole',1
'Hey I live in houston as well MJ haha',1
'Errt...It was fun while it lasted.',1
'He HASN'T acted on BENGHAZI. And he has done about as much for Sandy victims as he did for Ike victims. We just got or 3 billion. Took 4 years through BUREAUCRATIC hold up. Read The Texas Tribune this month.',1
'all you obama lovers, are just as stupid as he is, you listen to the media too much, I hope you don't  you don't vote for him  just because you heard something from the media! I can't believe how many people comment on what the media makes up?  you want a weak military a weak nation? take care of your military men and woman. because Obama won't',1
'Gangnam Style !!!',1
'Imagine that with an angry whopper??? OUCH!!!',1
'Damn what a event, funny yet tragic at the same time.',1
'If I want any comment out of you little bitch I'll kick it out of you! Now go play house with your sister, & stay holding on to your mama's skirt, candy AZZ!',1
'Climate change not busted.\r\n\r\nU.S., (2000-2004): \r\nhttp://www.scienceda  ​ ily.com/releases/201  ​ 2/07/120729142137.ht  ​ m\r\nWORST Drought in North America in 800 YEARS\r\nand it’s going to become the “new normal.”\r\n\r\nAfrica, 20th century driest for 900 years\r\nhttp://www.earth.col  ​ umbia.edu/articles/v  ​ iew/2696\r\n\r\n\r\n \r\n“It follows that we can state, with a high degree of confidence, that extreme anomalies such as those in Texas and Oklahoma in 2011 and Moscow in 2010 were a consequence of global warming because their  likelihood in the absence of global warming was exceedingly small.” \r\n   \r\n\r\n"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism  ​  has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.'" ― Isaac Asimov (Newsweek, Jan 21, 1980)',1
'So, some white people got hit by a hurricane...',1
'@Dovakin... so anyone who criticizes Romney is on the left? your commnet has "reaffirmed" your ignorance',1
'First country rapper...already exist! Look up Colt Ford! His Lyrics are totally country but the music is all rap!  Cant help it, I just love this song. He is so COUNTRY= DOWN TO EARTH!',1
'I agree.  Serve yourself if you can't afford the service.',1
'BS flag on this one.\r\n \r\nMost women in the states pack on massive amounts of weight after having a kid and that is the core of why sex lives go down the tubes.  Add to that the crying and lack of sleep and it only makes things worse or lets go with the PC flow and blame it all on the guy. That seems the usual approach these days.\r\n \r\nInsert replies with your thumbs down.',1
'In this time of dispair, lets have a festival of athletes running through the streets, throwing 1/2 empty water bottles and porking out on pasta the night before, using generators wastefully and clad in tight\r\nover priced running attire. Im not a fan of NYC but in this matter my AMERICAN brothers & sisters \r\nNEED HELP!!  Delay the marathon a couple weeks, to get the people back up and running,\r\nall those supplies should go to Staten Island. New Jersey is a partial wasteland.\r\nTake back our Government one vote at a time, Obama and Romney are not the answer, but who is?',1
'Cut our own hair.',1
'Okay.....So if the Media feels this way...then the Slaves will surely feel the same.......it's like the wave of Gangman Style that caught you all by storm..............s  ​ lave on!',1
'Cashing in of someone elses perils is a shame that just needs to go away. These people should be fined for this and to work off those fines by doing hard labor.',1
'Why are we discussing flood cars when everyone knows Mayor Blomberg's wonderful marathon is more important than anything?  He even backs Obama, the idiot of the year?  Who cares what this fag thinks anyway?',1
'kim probably is shopping this aroung herself for the attention it gets her and her family--cant believe kanye is stupid enuf to be associated with the loser family',1
'I love Hunter Hayes and Carrie Underwood. Not a fan of "Blown Away". It just doesn't appeal to me personally. That doesn't mean Carrie stinks or the song does. I think Blake, Miranda, Kenny, Tim and many others are still "Country". I just think the "old style country" with it's twang is more akin to Bluegrass now. I love Willie but (like Bob Dylan) have trouble actually enjoying his vocals. Taylor Swift's lyrics annoy me. She seems like Country's Katy Perry...They both bother me but obviously millions of people do like them. I just change the station when I hear them or see them. It's all a matter of personal taste and people seem to feel the need to be "haters" as Z from Texas said...just makes them look petty and small.',1
'Happy Birthday, Viper :)',1
'Please tell us all how many times you have been married?!?!?!?  You are so funny!!!!  Glynn Wolfe is that you?!?!?!?',1
'Yes I'm an idiot and failed the last 4 years.....',1
'Before posting, you probably should read the source article. There is a little more explanation there about the type of gun and the number accidental discharges those guns have had over the last couple of years.',1
'Hell, I'd hit it.',1
'Obviously the machines have more sense than some people. (The ones in the minority anyway)',0
'Read something other than MSN - They dont know what is going on. They outright lie to you. Do your own research with other media outlets and learn the truth.',1
'Country fan, everyone is entitled to their opinion and there is no need to be so nasty. I agree that most of the music last night was not what we traditionally think of as "Country" and that the genre has changed. I don't particularly care for it but I understand that there are others that do.  I don't like Rap or Hip-Hop either but respect the art and the opinions that are different from mine.\r\n \r\nI don't think most of the posts were saying that the artists can't sing and I didn't see anyone that said they could do a better job. People do just not like the change to more "modern" or "commercial" music under the Country banner.\r\n \r\nIt takes all kinds to make this world turn and just because someone disagrees with my views doesn't make them wrong, just different from me!',1
'The author is a bit behind on passport pix. Many of the Walmart stores have this service for around $7.00. The pnotos fit the prescribed format as well. If done at home and done incorrectely, they will be rejected. That could futz up travel plans bigtime. \r\n  \r\nNope,  I do not work for Walmart..',1
'All talk and no action makes you a typical conservative. LOL. Keep it up little boy. I'm sure your parents will be home soon enough.\r\n \r\nActually the funny thing is that I got under your skin sooooo badly and made you look sooooo foolish that you make internet "threats". LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, thanks for continuously proving my point.',1
'I did my best, Larry - and if this were baseball, Elwood would be the Mariano Rivera to my Buster Posey. \r\n  \r\nKeep calm and carry on, right?',1
'That doesnt make them smart. I was allowed to go to concerts when I was 15 and stuff because they knew I wouldnt do crap like this.',1
'ok, stuttering stanley barry is only programmed for words like "Uuuuuummmmmmmmmm" "I....I.....I....." and ""We're sorry for being a dominant country, let me take that status away from us so the Muslim brothers can 'like' us".  But, ya I guess you're right, after all you stubborn dems don't like being wrong, so go with 4 more years of crap, just because you can't admit defeat.',1
'Jurassic Helmet Factory!',1
'Ah, thanks for the info. :)\r\nWasnt really sure at the time I posted.',1
'Hey SOMEONE!!! THAT WAS UNCALLED FOR YOU %^&*. It just shows you mental capacity is 000.',1
'The real "bs" is that you don't have a clue as to why unions exist and why they're needed now more than ever.',1
'I'd like to think that God had a hand in this....I call it "divine intervention" for the stupid.',0
'I am a single male with a masters degree and a doctorate. I could care less how much formal schooling a girl has. It's more important that she be intellectually stimulating and made good choices with her time management. My relationship with her won't be an up/down proposition, but we'll be co-equals.',1
'The iPad line is an incredibly poor value with more capable, less expensive devices available.  I would not wait in line to overpay for an underperforming piece of hardware.',1
'when its officially over ,its over \r\n opinions are like azzholes ,everyone has one,,,you have two',0
'The union workers there don't want to give up a minutes O.T.. These are Obamas people at their finest. Being greedy at the expense of their fellow citizens who are really hurting. Good job Union Workers. Greedy bastards',1
'Hey great rant, baby bush was reading my pet goat while thousands of americans were dying. Wish you would have been one of them. \r\n  \r\nGFYS',1
'So happy!  never owned them and never would...',1
'Couldn't agree more on Swift! \r\n"oh, she's so pretty, so pretty, so pretty....." Really? Then why is she always painted up like a hooker in heat? Her eyes disappear & oh that hooker-red lipstick has got to go. Now, back to country music..... \r\n  \r\nYes! Bring back George, Alan, and of course Garth! AND long, long ago it was time for the IRS to FREE WILLIE! \r\n  \r\n"My heroes have always been cowboys. \r\nAnd they still are, it seems.\r\nSadly, in search of, but one step in back of, \r\nThemselves and their slow-movin' dreams." \r\n  \r\nAnd to Dawn, this will probably be my last year watching.....unless they go back to real country music. "I was raised on country sunshine" and this new stuff isn't it.',1
'I will be glad when this election is over.  I am sick of reading your spanish diarrhea. You haven't said anything important as long as I have read this page',1
'58% of the workforce is employed\r\n59% of minorities age 25 and younger are unemployed\r\nFewer employed now than since 1984\r\nAccording to shadowstats and wikipedia the real unemployment rate is in excess of 20%\r\n23 million Americans are unemployed\r\nDeficit increased 60% in past four years, from 10 trillion to 16 trillion  ---- for what?\r\nIt took over 200 years for the deficit to increase to just 5 billion; Obama has increased it 6 billion dollars in under 4 years!     Is that progress?\r\n22.7 million Americans underemployed\r\nDoes anyone really believe this administrations's employment numbers?',0
'Suspend the cop with full pay until at least three appeals are exhausted. Then retire him with full benefits.',0
'I know, tell me about it',1
'yes. deception is deception. and it is deadly.',1
'Dude, your hatred is spinning out of control.   Typical liberal foolishness.',1
'Idiot!!  Religious fanatics irk me.',1
'iRonic lol',1
'"The REAL reason small business does not hire is because of lack of demand due to low consumer confidence-- up to now anyway. Uncertainty via Omabacare and the Fiscal cliff hasn't got a DAMNED thing to do with it."\r\n \r\nYou just don't get it. Small business isn't hiring because big business is doing what small business is doing and using YOUR investment dollars to undercut costs. I run TWO businesses. I don't need new employees as much as I need stability in my conduits of facilitation. Give me stable ways to grow and I do. HealthCare isn't an issue at all. Administrators where they don't belong and causing havoc is one. Product has a base cost. I can name FIVE major retailers selling it for less than they bought it for and got it shipped to them. Every sale is a loss. Quarterly financials say they are making profit. That has nothing to do with Obama, it has everything to do with a glass ceiling and Ivy League blockade. YOU ARE KIDDING YOURSELF to believe the numbers and not do a little bit of resaearch to validate what they say. YOU are about to lose it all. Mine is in product that people use and will continue to need. I bought it and still do for pennies right off the retail floor. Cheaper than I can buy it wholesale. If you have ONE DOLLAR in the stock markets, you are in too deep. BTW... a consumer doesn't need confidence. He needs product when he wants it. No big box can promise it will be there when needed. If Wall Street smokes you long enough, you start to believe what they use in lieu of Reality is reality. It isn't.',1
'Are you serious?!?  The media bends over backwards to give Obama and all the liberals a virtual free pass on everything.',1
'The unions I was forced to pay dues to whether I was a member or not both were useless, utterly useless. Basically in a nutshell, they wanted you not to work hard so they wouldn't look bad. Worst money I was ever forced to pay--absolutely!',1
'My nose is on a public forum, where all our noses are free to belong. I'm gonna have to check out this watress article. I don't really care who you insult or whatever, just bored and counting minutes till the weekend.',1
'Finally. I just saw 2 stray dogs, male & female. If I can catch the female dog, I will have it fixed & maybe adopt her. As for the male, probably in the pound...Would like to adopt but can't. I already adopted 1 female mixed terrier.',1
'No, it should be raised to 25, when those stupid brats are a little wiser',1
'Ever notice that the 'moral' elected officials are the most greedy, self absorbed, rich bunch to vote for?',1
'Talking to a buddy of mine this morning in Arizona and he said it was on the news down there that the crews from Phoenix were turned away because they weren't Union. They should talk to Obama!',1
'You dont got a chance of getting let off in this economy they want every dime they can get...',1
'I think that's just a wee bit harsh.',1
'I read the books, too, but I completely lost interest soon after. This is why I was annoyed when they announced it'll be two movies. !SPOILER ALERT! Half the book is them gathering soldiers for a battle that never even happens. Whoever thought this movie needed two parts was an idiot.',1
'i was honest for 20 years. had no reason to lie about anything...truth is always better. i was accused daily of having affairs, was not allowed to have friends, and a week before our 20th anniversary, after placing me in a chair after my cancer surgery, he left. his theory? it would be easier on him if he were not around when i died. lol i guess that was not a bad thing, but...i really do like the honesty part, makes the rest of living easier. i tried, and think i succeeded, teaching that to the kids...you will be punished for doing something wrong. it will be 10 times worse when i catch you in your lie.',1
'All the Kardashians can "pull it off" that's how they got famous!',1
'Be careful what you wish for ladies.  For decades you complained about wanting men to be more like women and now we see a dynamic/byproduct of lower libido and bitchiness.  Men are expected to work a full time job then after work immediately help around the house like cook and clean while taking care of the baby.  This is not even close to being fair but rather a sad punishment for the actions of men in the distant past.   \r\n  \r\nWonder why so many men don’t want to have kids?  The smarter and more involved they are the less likely they want to have lots of them.  They take it seriously and know the time and money involved.  In the past men were able to come home to a clean house with the kids all taken care of.  Being a father back then was a joy ride.  Now men have to do more and women wonder why this is happening?   \r\n  \r\nAdd to that the sermonizing that being obese is normal and his needs are trivial.  Like so many women posted “get over it” but strangely this never applies to women’s needs.  She can become the size of an ox and claim she might have gained “a few pounds” in her defense is so mainstream it’s barely a cliché.  How selective and typical.  I am not complaining because at this rate it might slow the human population growth, at least in this country.  Other countries laugh at this nonsense. \r\n  \r\nDont wuss out, put a reply with your scores of thumbs down.',1
'Maybe Obama (if re-elected) will have GM build cars in Benghazi...',1
'Oh make no bones about it. There are most likly lots out there. Big Mama J is quite the marketing pimp when it comes to her daughters. There will be a whole ordeal. More PR more attention and the K train will again pull from the station and bring all sort of springer'esque tv for people to talk about for minutes to come. Honestly, I will admit. Im curious who she's going to bone next.',1
'I had a TI-84.  Yeah.. I was the uncool kid whose calculator couldn't play games.',1
'He should apologize to the American people and admit that he is not competent to lead this great country and resign. We must have big changes in the United States if we are to survive. And he is leading us down a road to total disaster. The Libya mess is just one of the messes he has caused but it was uncovered because of the election where most are covered up and stay covered up by the Main Stream Media. He needs to step aside and go back to his calling; a community leader in Chicago the home of Al Capone.....',1
'OFONEO \r\n= Obama fone for each illegal for 0 pesos, covered under Obamacareo',0
'Thats right. Your failures are everyone elses fault (especially people of color). That's why you still have no work right..',1
'OMG...  Crazyzoo, do you support banning all schools??  Why in Middle and High Schools the poor littl' chillen are expected to work washing cars and selling greeting cards and photographs to grandma, grandpa, mom & dad..  the 10's of thousands of clean cars all by the hands of these forced little ones where you're not around to protect them! \r\nIt's fools like like that lead to the deaths of these kids!!  Yeah, their deaths!  In Africa and other countries, women and children are just a means to an end!!  it's the ruthless governments that condone this!  Go after them!   \r\nSo in your world we stop buying chocolate...  the sales dwindle and that region has no sellable crop, no money.  How do they feed all those mouths now??  They just kill them! \r\nWith people like you attacking the wrong end, you become fuel to their demise!  Get on the right side of the argument!',1
'NO. CAN THEY ALL STOP WITH THE OVERBLOWN TOO BIG TOO MUCH STUFF\r\nAND JUST MAKE A CHEAP GOOD TASTING HAMBURGER ANYMORE? \r\nHOW MUCH CRAP DO YOU NEED ON A BURGER? NO WONDER PEOPLE ARE TOO FAT! \r\nTHERE'S A SMALL HOLE IN THE WALL PLACE IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD THAT HAS\r\nGREAT GRILLED BURGERS ON A BUN AND YOU TOP IT YOURSELF. NO BS!',1
'the cops are there to raise money for their town or area. speeding traps are not for the safety of the people but rather for revenue. why are they not doing good anymore?  I have cops in my family and know they have an unwritten quota',0
'Good luck.',1
'Except all the religious fundies will say that its only 3,050 year old. You know because they can back it up with ZERO facts.',0
'A good caption for this picture might be, "Obama in the situation room after the embassy attack."',1
'These articles smell funny to you? \r\nI believe that you've mistaken these as allergy studies.\r\nAnd, frankly, we don't care which hot-dogs you prefer.',1
'dieselmech - Well we use cartoons for cartoon characters - like your bunch of cartoons running for President - or as we said "The Clown Car"\r\n \r\nMichelle- bat-crap-crazy Bachmann\r\n \r\nRick Perry - Ooops!\r\n \r\nRon Paul - mysogynist- rascist - papers - however biggest benefactor of "small government" Galveston , TX $189 Million \r\n \r\nPawlenty - no money for infrastructure - bridge collapsed - 8 people killed \r\n \r\nHerman Cain - 9/9/9 - up the ladies skirts \r\n \r\nAnd then there is Willard Milton Romney - a pathological liar - anything I say is not true - no fact checking',1
'After 4 years of lying, vacationing, bowing before kings of other nations, putting our country down to every country, not getting close to our allies, now changing the phrase "from the president of the united states and a grateful nation, we present this flag in honor of your husband's service" to "from the secretary of defense and a grateful nation"..., I have no respect from a President that doesn't even want to be associated with our FLAG, much less the people of the nation he promised to protect.  He has not accomplished anything he campaigned on. He has taken our Social Security that we, ourselves paid into for our retirement or disability to now call it a Federal Benefit fund.  It's no wonder our social security will run out in a few years. It was never meat to be used for anything other than the people that paid into it. So if it is a FEDERAL anything, it's going to go broke.He believes in abortion- even FULL TERM abortion- that's murder folks, anyway you look at it. This man is not the man that should sit in the President's chair. PLEASE DO NOT VOTE THIS MAN BACK AGAIN. We can't afford him.',1
'Dp obviously stands for dip-$hit',0
'The whole $16 Trillion went to those closed-bid contracts Dubya created and gave to his campaign donors from TEXAS. He never paid bills when he was Prez, left it for Obama. Only a total idiot makes an accusation like that with ill-gotten dollars stuffed in his pocket. Go home, Texan... wait for the Mexican and American armies to converge on you.',0
'Agree, do your homework better before posting something like that. Yes, the Medicare surtax for 2013 exists, but it will not come into play for the 99% of Americans. The GOP is playing an awful lot of obfuscation games right now to bamboozle a few last minute votes.\r\n \r\nI have won the last 8 presidential elections where the guy I voted for last was elected. Early voting in 2012 I am with Obama, and I am predicting 9 in a row next week. There is going to be an awful lot of eyes on Ohio next week and voting machine impropriety by Tagg Romney and his associates. It made me a little ill today to see Karl Rove calling 279 electoral votes for Romney. For those that arent quite that certain on Romney but are planning to vote for him, please know you are not only voting for Romney you are voting for GOP management including controversial figures like Karl Rove and others. Consider your vote carefully before supporting this management team back into Washington, is 2008 that long ago that people have truly forgotten how the world fell apart that fall and Bush had to go on TV to pretty much admit that? Yes, Obama has faults but the Republicans do as well, don't be gulled by Romney and his insistence he is a better business manager. He made most of his wealth by adroit tax avoidance skills, inheritance and business cannibalization and outsourcing. Do we need more outsourcing overseen by the POTUS? Do We?',1
'"Think of the money/resources Disney has access to. I think Disney has a better chance than most of making a new 'Star Wars' film, and making it well." \r\n \r\nIt wasn't money that made the first film a classic.  Hollywood still thinks big stars and expensive effects make a good movie.',1
'Our bodies are about $3.00 worth of elements found of this earth, we're mostly water. None of the "elements" found in our bodies are not of this earth.\r\n \r\nGreat comment Bob!',1
'RBS is a credit card that you should stay away from.. but I applied for one and the original application which (I made copies to prove it), was 7.99 % FIXED. FIXED means it does not change, it was great for the first six billing cycles then the rate jumped to 17% so I disputed it with the CFPB (Consumer Finance Protection Bureau) another worthless agency set up by the current administration funded by our tax dollars. they did nothing, as well as the office of the comptroller. they are all crooks I will pay it off never ever to do business with them again... as far as the CFPB goes get rid of it too! worthless if it's disfunctional close it down. same with the office of the comptroller. shut 'em down save the tax payers money..',1
'Yes, because you are drunk.',1
'You gotta be half brain dead to go to most rock concerts to begain with. To accept and use ANYTHING from anyone you don't know at a rock concert is an indication the other half of your brain is checking out on you.',1
'Just because a woman has more education does not mean she's going to make more money than her man. I have a college degree and my does not but he still makes more money than I do. So this notion of  men "marrying up" is an illusion.',1
'Misery loves company....',1
'New country - no thanks.  I'm listening to Ron Williams nowadays; real country music.',1
'Yeah...well said from a immature standpoint.  Reckon with all of your "toys" and the real expense in having/operating them for "real fun" you would need  to purchase a cheap, bland vehicle to compensate. But that is also a contradiction in itself too, actually a lie as almost ALL rice scrap cost as much or MORE than comparable vehicles that are two times better. Many adult people don't desire or need all that "toy" BS to impress others or entertain and satisfy an inner childish desire. They would rather have something worthwhile with better taste, quality, style, reliability and performance to indulge and enjoy themselves in. That doesn't mean owning a saki burner. And that also does not mean spending time and money in the repair shops as you would with that "other junk" you constantly praise and preach about. You should pound sand in japan...that is what they built their nuclear plants on.',1
'Dang I'd like to give her another kind of milk mustache',0
'Actually.. this story is complete bull plop.  I just caught an interview with someone at the base.  What actually happened was: \r\nThe Quick Response Team was ready in 24 minutes.  The Team Leader was getting antsy, and was to to go when he felt like he was ready.  He left shortly thereafter along with some militia.  They tried to get some heavy machine guns along the way, but that didn't happen.  They ended up getting to the consolate and extracted the staff that was outside.',1
'If she were a pole stripper we'd have her bangin' the fallen tree',1
'Don't let me catch you up past 11:00 pm again, or you're GROUNDED!',1
'Take it back to the dealer and complain to toyota, see what happens.Don`t complain just once. Also take names of who you talk to, and always go to the BOSS of who you last you talked to the next time you complain. or get a lawyer.',1
'RIP',1
'You will never see that story, Obama has just bought a $40 million dollar estate in Hawaii and, I for the life of me can not account for where he got that money. Can you, if so please tell me. To me it looks bad, maybe kick back. All of you Obama supporters please enlighten me. How did he accrue forty million dollars of expendable income, on a salary of $400 Thousand a year. Really I am just courious.',1
'Jason Aldean was robbed of the entertainer of the year award!! He clearly deserved that title after the year spent out on his 'My Kinda Party' tour. He put out a lot nightly to perform nightly for sold-out crowds and the release of his recent CD definately put him at the top of that list. He is a kick-**** entertainer...I am very disappointed this award went to Blake.',1
'I am sure if it was OBAMA said this it would be headline and nothing would change any one thinking even if it wasn't meant to be negative,REPUBLICANS  ​  ARE such losers.REPUBLICANS play dirty and they are racist and down right one track mind..Frankly you all can thumb down my remarks because i don't give a rats ****..ROMNEY SUCKS.',1
'I love the one where the big dog snoot is licking the kitten and the kitten's face is all crooked...',1
'One more thing and I'll shut up.  If she's a single Mom, why did she eat at a place with these types of prices, she should have taken the kids to Carl's Jr's or Burger King instead, would have been less than five percent of what she paid, seems more like she took a boyfriend to dinner and paid the tab when  the bum said he forgot his wallet, we've seen it happen many of times.',1
'How capitalistic of them.',1
'it was good.  Party is tonight and tomorrow; maybe part way into Sunday.',1
'"Damn you!  I will have my revenge!  Mom!  Where's the Cool-Huwhip?"',1
'Darth Vader, only you could be so bold. The Imperial Senate will not sit still for this.',1
'I guess you didn't see Jersey's Republican governor praising Obama's response.',1
'Geeze, all one needs to do to understand this is watch FOX news. In no time at all you will be smarter than the worlds best scientists!',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'Need More Cowbell',1
'Actually my point was that this woman has spent a lot of money trying to have a child and now that she has one she is too consumed with her work and how she looks than to participate as a mother.  At least the mothers on 16 and pregnant  spend time with there children and the show has provided the income for them to be stay at home moms with their children and provide better for their children. So although I don't think it should be glorified the parents are on theses shows are obviously doing a better job than this hack of a "egg donor." And further more obviously she is the one consumed with sex ... ”I’m trying to wrap my mind around how to juggle work and a baby. I fear [that] I’m going to be one of those women that has a baby, and the next thing I know, I’m walking around all day with a side ponytail, eating chips and wearing flip-flops and not wanting to be sexy for my husband. I don’t want the baby to be an excuse.” \r\n When you are a mother the first thing that should be your concern is your child not how you look or being sexy.  \r\n Are you still hoping that your opinion matters to me?',1
'Hate to admit it, but I do agree with you.',0
'Can I see them?',1
'you're sick.  get some help.',1
'Chunky ??? You must be kidding.',1
'Once after a big wind storm in Columbus Ohio, and without power for 5 days, my wife and daughter(who needed electric to operate equipment to keep her alive) were nearly kicked out of a hotel to make room for OSU football fans.WCMH-TV intervention prevented it.',1
'I think that 'Thinks for self' must not be thinking..., generators burn gas (or diesel)......these people have no electric....this is why you see them standing in line with gas cans.',1
'It's about time somebody did something about all those damn protest pigeons!',1
'What should we boycott? msn? the model? what exactly is your point?',1
'You nailed it!',1
'Obviously not because you're awake right now.',1
'Thanks Nap, it's all good.....Grim is one of the good guys....it's a joke between the two of us, he's a good egg.....check out my profile George Glass's girlfriend is acting up again, you ought to pay a visit......BTW....ni  ​ ce comment above....too bad the BK janitor is done for the day LOL',1
'You got me thinking so I looked it up and these overpriced boots are made in China not Australia.',1
'Who put the Super Glue on my phone?',1
'In New York City and some parts of New York State, traffic violations are being heard in the Traffic Violation Bureau, in short, TVB.  A jurisdiction passed by the NY  State Legislature.  It is useless fighting your tickets in this court.  The judges are lawyers, so called Administrative law judge, not a real judge.  These judges are stone faced, crude and merciless.  No lawyer can win any cases.  The only thing you get on using a lawyer in this TVB is just lower the fine or points or avoid suspension.',0
'Looks great!!!',1
'with an idiotic comment like that former I feel i dont even have to say anything else. the defence rests.',1
'Since Bush was bought by the Dutch they have changed the product for the worse. Worse yet was firing American workers to make profits for the Dutch; I haven't drunk Bush since it was sold. There are plenty of Great American brews to drink, try them you'll like them. Now we can also celebrate an American owned team beating a Dutch owned team in the World Series. Yeah Giants.',1
'to those that have had a bad run of luck, \r\n  \r\nDan--if nothing else, please learn there is no such thing as luck where your personal finances are concerned--there is however a little thing called personal reponsibility.',1
'Damn it feels good to be a gangsta..',1
'Micky, some poor have no ability, most poor are just dumb  and/or lazy. Dropouts, drug users, lazy, schemers, made bad decisions, and some that are just unlucky. Where do you fall in ? Dumb and lazy? Or no ability?',1
'Eeeeehehehehehe...A gay guy.....',0
'What ever happened to Randolph Scott?  The same question is asked by many country fans\r\n \r\nW hat  ever happened to Country music  I grew up  with real country music.  It is a shame \r\n \r\nyoung people have to think that the 2012  CMA was country.  That was a Pop music show.',1
'I am a single disable mom with a wonderful 15 year old son.  I recivce social serciuty on the 3rd of every month in the amount of 1018.00. and I get goverment help on my housing. Our rent is 600.00 and we wait each day for the house to fall apart.  I am not joking. I do recivice food stamps in the amout of 167.00 yes that is the correct amout. Which is you divieied by 4.5 weeks ( thats for the months that have 5wks)37.11 per week to speed and @ 21 meals per week for 2 people the goverment say that I should beable to cook a 5 course meal for us for 1.76.  My husband and I have stayed friends and if it had not been for his help I do not know what we would have done. And that is my world.',1
'meh',1
'It would`ve teken me just the first picture to stump te hell out of there...',1
'Have another cup of coffee, government is secular, and she knew exactly what she was doing was wrong. Others in line knew she was not an Obama, the muslim, fan, therefore she was electioneering.',1
'The analogy serves Romney's idea that the federal government should not provide assistance after a natural disaster (or almost any other time).  If every little church and community organization just "cleaned one lane," the whole problem would be solved.  \r\n Of course while a group of church volunteers can help you fill a dumpster with the sodden remains of all your earthly goods, I'm not sure how they're going to make out with flooded subway tunnels.  Bucket brigades, I suppose.',1
'It's high maintenance to want to like the ring you're going to be wearing for the rest of your life? I'm very low maintenance (honestly!), but I wanted to pick out my own ring.. if I'm going to be wearing it forever, I want to make sure I like it! My husband & I shopped for my ring together, when I finally found a couple that I liked, he proposed without a ring, told me "you can choose between x & y" and I got to go when he bought it and pick out my own diamond, which was pretty neat. That probably won't work for everyone but it worked for our relationship.',1
'Mitt the "Corporate Fool".',1
'Yep.  Sorry, Ms. Hill - those are the rules.',1
'I recall clearly that George Bush was the cause of the gas price jump with Katrina, so why is Obama immune to the same criticism? Never mind, theis is MSNDNC',1
'VM0909 - I think you pretty much nailed it.  I agree completely.',1
'I haven't watched AI since Adam Lambert lost to Kris Allen.  The only reason we hear about Adam Lambert now is because of the stunts he pulls every once in awhile, but I did like his voice a lot better.  No one even hears a peep out of Allen.  I always thought that one was fixed.  So, I stopped watching it.  Besides, once Paula left,  while Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler joined the show, it lost its credibility all together.  I do like the X Factor, though.',1
'The problem seems to be we spend so much on the politically popular or nonessential stuff that nothing is left for what is needed.  What makes this even worse is that both sides are dug in and will not move.',1
'I can always go back to being a community organizer...........  ​ ..',1
'Anybody notice she has taken care of many lions and there are many pics of them and a lepoard in the background of one pic? NO, she must have just found the thing while its mama was sleeping and got through the rest of the pack without them noticing............  ​ duh. \r\n \r\nNo, really now, this is kind of a job, their actual work, for some people.',1
'No. But looking at the picture raises the question for me, does each pair come with a tin foil hat?',1
'Check out Nebraska...homestead  ​  exemption, lower taxes on seniors and you can buy a nice  3 bedroom house for under 150,000. Your dollar will go farther in Nebraska, boring yes but ....',1
'His gaffes are both,  this one is very enlightening though.',1
'We make fun of the Asian countries for their strict school policies and curriculum. However, their students dominate over the US in pretty much every subject except social skills (hugging, kissing, provocative dress, teen pregnancy, STD's, etc.). Their students are ALL bilangual by the age of 12 and have the mathematical equivalency of our college students! So while we fight for our kids to be allowed to hug in school rather than focus on their education, our nation falls farther behind in every generation. While the graduates in Asia are taking whatever jobs they desire, we are hugging under a bridge somewhere and blaming the President.',1
'jelly fish, man-o-war, barracuda, sting rays, lion fish, stone fish and a multiple species of sea snakes.',1
'IS THIS GUY STILL RUNNIN HIS MOUTH? HALF THE TIME IT SOUNDS LIKE HIS TONGUE IS DISLOCATED',1
'Loved Carrie Underwood & Brad Pasiley, she should have got Female artist of the Yr. \r\nTailor Swifts song was pathetic who can understand what she is singing, good thing she has the back up singers.She needs help~!!!!',1
'yEAH, someone need to strand their asses and let them see what these men went through. Even a PIRATE would stop for stradees.  ARRRH...',1
'I guess having a chance to vote, even if for the wrong guy, is better than having your vote suppressed by the repugs.',1
'I see that they can make supporting characers and villains black. There was a huge uproar when they were considering making Spidey black. No one cares about Nick Fury or villains apparently.',1
'Another sheer piece of evidence of the nature of this campaign and the reactions it garners.  This is a perfectly 'innocent' moment in the life of a man who happens to be the president of the U.S. \r\nBut just look at the hateful and scurrilous 'opinion'-comments some ignorant people.',1
'Locks are hackable.  It's also easy to simply remove the SD card, if the phone has one.',1
'"Which is precisely my point.  If you want fun with a Honda or Toyota, you have to buy a used one."\r\n\r\nI am sure they will put out some good ones soon, and the FR-S is a great start.  The new Lexus coupe looks promising too.  The Scion tC and the Civic Si are available now and are each a very fun car to drive.  New or used, Honda and Toyota do provide a few fun cars.\r\n\r\nI haven't had the privilege to test drive a CR-Z (at a time in my life that I really NEED a back seat), but from what I have heard Honda has accidentally recreated the first generation Austin Healey Sprite.  It IS slower than almost anything on the road (the original Sprite had a whopping 46HP) and makes absolutely zero sense on paper.  However, from behind the wheel it's actually very entertaining to drive.  Again, this is solely from reviews that I have seen so take it with a grain of salt but I am not entirely dismissive of the CR-Z',1
'How about euthananizing the shelter director;  maybe with a 357 Magnum????  Oh, oops, so sorry, it \r\njust "accidentally" went off, Karen Walsh.  May you die a long, slow, painful fiery death, bitch!',1
'why is the model made to look like a horrible witch and this guy is made out to be making lemonade? they are both making light of the situation.',1
'My 3 year old son knows that A WEAPON IS ALWAYS LOADED even if it's not. And you never EVER point a weapon at something you don't intend to shoot. Shee**** the first rule of gun/weapon safety.',1
'I got chest pains just looking at it!',0
'What, me worry?',1
'Not this way.... She should have took it upon herself to file charges at her local Police station instead of trusting the word of campus police..... There is still time to do so',0
'On the one hand, when have EPA mileage figures EVER been correct?  And these 'errors' are by only 1 or 2 MPG?  Second;  by the mere fact that Hyundai and KIA ARE coming forward voluntarily with this and offering compensation is why every potential buyer of a new economy car today SHOULD buy a Hyundai or a KIA.  You think Toyota, Honda or Nissan would have shown the same transparency?  No way!  They would have sicked their lawyers on it to spin the story into a complete coverup.  Hyundai and KIA are the best-made econocars and the best value on the market today.  If you've a brain in your head, you'll buy one!  This story demonstrates the favorable ethics that these two automakers have.  Good for them!',1
'Max Minimum said; "MrKyte, why do you support the party of bigger government and more spending,"\r\n \r\n \r\n Are you really that slow? \r\n I don't, I'm voting Republican..........  ​ ....................  ​ ..',1
'I absolutely LOVE my uggs & want more BUT, I am not willing to pay &180.00 for them!!!!!  Lower the prices & I will buy again & again!!!!',1
'@ SuperBeast.....Cut your grass.... Now I know you're a lazy bum still living with mama..... The Pictures on google of your mama's house claim you as a lazy man',0
'Just wondering why the gas stations do not have solar or wind generators to supply there pumps with power.\r\n \r\nInstead of gas power generator, there is solar powered generators or wind powered generators.\r\n \r\nthe best way would be tread mills attached to generators and lots of kids full of energy to run them.\r\n \r\ngood exercise',1
'I still see tons of girls wearing those things.',1
'No because he has an oddly shaped head.',1
'No worries Jana.....I'll be in touch!!!  Have a great day and I am sure we'll catch up soon!!!',1
'500th Post!',0
'Gvillejake.. grouping people together happens to be the specialty of some Christian sects who never give an ear to another person's beliefs either. Not all Christians are being ridiculed - only those who don't have the capacity to really show a Christian spirit.. \r\nP.S.  I can't speak for others but I personally HAVE looked into their beliefs..',1
'You get what you pay for',1
'It's a children's book, you can probably find it at your local library or, of course! online.',1
'But the black panther guy can stand out front of the polling office in 08',1
'Yea and what percentage of this investment do the people get back, we paid for it and we get nothing, you be lucky to even walk in the doors. bunch of criminals own it now, kind of like our whole country today, owned by criminal government officials who don't give one dam about the people today, their bought and paid for elections,  what a great joke on the WE THE PEOPLE< who will pay these criminals gangs again',1
'At the after school program here there was a girl who hugged so hard she left bruises. Rather than outlaw hugging they worked with her to show her what was appropriate. Problem solved. I'll never forget what happened a couple years ago with the guidance counselor at my girls school. End of day, we pass the counselor on our way out and my daughter goes up to give her a hug. The counselor pushed away my 6 yr old kid and demanded "Did you ask PERMISSION to hug me first?!". This woman gave my daughter a hug every single time she saw her for crying out loud. My child was devestated and I realized how insane the schools have become over this.',1
'I just bought a pair!! Crap! I guess I will just have to be out of style!!',1
'Life is so lonely,I am a single woman at present.I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on[ google or bing seek add riders] under the name of Swedish…it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for. ',0
'Anyone over 12 that dresses up for Halloween is a goddamn retard.',0
'It's Bush's FAULT; I'm Good!!!',1
'If there's anyone here who knows anything about FREAKING ME.... you'd be the one.',1
'I've lived in Las Vegas for over 40 years! The articles written over the years by reporters who have NEVER lived here crack me up!? They were so, so bad decades ago- and the way LV is presented in TV shows etc...so small, so carnival, so cheap....and today it's just a tiny smidge' better!  \r\nThings to know: 1. The Strip is a very big street in LV, but it's only ONE street! \r\n2. Downtown and The Strip (LV BLVD) are two very different areas of town!\r\n3. Sure, you've seen hotels- you may even have what you feel are some 'big' ones in your city, especially if you live in a big city but trust me OURS ARE BIGGER, more beautiful, grander even down to the bathroom fixtures and the custom furnishings. LV hotels; the Icons have thousands of rooms and casino's, dining, walkways, entertainment, dance-clubs, pools and acres of lush landscaping as big as small towns.\r\n4. LV is surrounded by mountains and mountain/desert terrain and it's not very far in any direction and the amount of natural, outdoor areas of interest are vast, many and soaring...like Red Rock in one direction and Mt. Charleston in another, the Valley of Fire, Lake Mead etc...\r\nAnd don't forget that within every gigantic hotel on 'The Strip', there are many 'free things to do and see', just ask!\r\n\r\nBest of Luck-\r\nScott',0
'Good to see you Coreywb. Such an unbelievably sad article though. Makes me wonder what Mr. Birdow could have been thinking. Or if he was high on something. Just sad.',0
'Damn lawyers just looking to make a big score.  They could give a rats **** for the exploited children.  Why don't they sue China as they exploit their child laborers on an unbelievable level.',0
'Never!  The UGLIEST boots ever!  They look like they belong with a 4 year old's Halloween costume.',1
'If a restaurant were offering a discount only to people who vocally denied the existence of a god upon entering, what do you want to bet that every single one of you would side with a lawsuit? It's the same exact thing, so stop the hipocrisy and learn how the law works.',1
'With all the devastation on the East Coast with people losing their property, livelihood and even lives, the media offers the public this?  Get a life!',1
'Thank you Straight_for_gayrigh  ​ ts. Well said.',0
'Besides the fact that i don't purchase apple products, WHY DIDN'T THEY TAKE TURNS EATING? It was two of them......one could have gone out to eat first and have the other hold their spots or even got food for both of them.',1
'In later news women find that men are less willing to spend cash on them as equality is being realized in the work place..........',1
'@ Comon ~ That land was owned by a private party and Perry had nothing to do with it you racist jack a$$',0
'Biden the Idiot',1
'He is thinking,  Am I supposed to care about Benghazi and why are you calling me Mr Ambassador ?',1
'They have actual before and after photos, and one of the baby, on the Young Turks on YouTube.',1
'amen',1
'What the hell people????? You should know we aren't stupid......how about giving us some free advice we don't already freaking know......morans',1
'I see nothing but MEDIOCRITY and SHALLOWNESS  in all of the pics!!!!!!',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',0
'Sorry you are in the 70% frank. LOL',0
'Um....yeah',1
'Galloway was definitely alert.',1
'Another tree should have fallen....',1
'I don't understand what you were doing with his in the first place. He sounds like a caveman. No offense, and congratulations on being strong and staying in command of your own life!',1
'WHAT are you guys drinking in NY?????? We've had global warming since the beginning of time...! It isn't MAN MADE...',1
'I am a cop, our current muslim terrorist in chief has advised us to ticket more frequently, take no excuses and to just outright phuck the American people...',1
'LATEST FOX NEWS POLL SAYS OBAMA AHEAD BY 10 POINTS!!!\r\nMAYOR OF NYC AND GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY CHRIS CHRISTY ENDORSE OBAMA!!!!!!\r\nGEORGE CLOONEY, THE POPE, MADONNA, LADY GAGA, CHRIS ROCK, WILL FERRELL AND \r\nLEE IACOCCA ALL ENDORSE OBAMA. ANN ROMNEY NOT SO MUCH. JULIO, ANN ROMNEY'S JOCKEY, ENDORSES OBAMA. TWO OF SIX ROMNEY SONS ENDORSE OBAMA. NEWT GINGRICH SHOCKED BY ROMNEY'S FADING NUMBERS. DON'T WORRY ABOUT POLLS. \r\nVOTE OBAMA AND BE A WINNER!!!!! BULL MARKET 2013!!!!!!!',0
'It's archaic, and the person who wrote the article is reporting on a seriously flawed study.  Please take a look at my detailed comments above.  Traditional education approaches, along with the idea that someone is locked into an earning pattern based on whatever they'd accomplished by the time they left school is just silly. One of my brothers is your age, and has an Associates degree, but no more, because traditional education was pretty useless to him.  He's been happily and profitably working in the computer field since the early 1970s.  My husband is your age, and he sort of collects degrees because he's focused on intelligence training and education and works in that field.  He's a retired colonel (not collecting retired pay yet) and has two Masters and a PhD, along with assorted educational notches on his bedpost, but he probably earns less than you do.  He's happy doing what he loves, though, so I'm happy.  I have a Masters, and worked for many years as a military historian, but I'm not working 'outside' any longer, AND I'm older than he is.  He doesn't mind.  I'm currently making myself useful by editing our second book. (This one is on an intelligence analysis methodology he invented.)  Do I think I married "up"?  Silly question -- I love him and he loves me, up, down, and sideways. We've been through flush times and lean times together, but stay strong and happy because of our partnership.',1
'if you keep on your eyes on seek add riders ,you will found it is very interesting.',0
'That's probably for the best.  Too many people here already and we certainly don't want anyone that doesn't want to be here.',1
'@Idvoteforacamel- You can't buy American products anymore as they are all overseas! They only have to be assembled here now to be labeled "Made in America". Don't condone this abusive behavior by Corporations stating that they are a company and need to make money.  They make plenty of money and more, we don't see the savings, it just lines their pockets.  If you don't believe me...when Corporations started heavily leaving America in the late 80's did you notice a huge friggin price dip?!! Prices have only risen never gone down! It's logical to say we didn't see the difference...they did, hello! That was the beginning of the Mega Rich, there were a few families before that were that rich, now...it's paramount...not a coincidence.',1
'SO WHAT??  WHO CARES if they are using little COCOA MONKEYS ??  What is Hershey going to do??  Change the climate and grow cocoa in Michigan??',0
'Remember the group "Spandau Ballet"?  Well we witnessed "Spandex Ballet" last night.  I guess denim died with the country sellout to pop.  I don't think Lance Armstrong has seen so many stretchy pants. And please, ladies, you CAN choose your own outfits.  Miranda Lambert seemed the Fattest Girl in Town and her line "I got a hankerin for gettin' into somethin'. That somethin" sure wasn't them pants!  Turned Hell on Heels into Ham on Heels.  Old Faith Hill rocked the look but left her voice back at Monday night football...she's a baritone now.  Taylor Swift, pretty and Zzzzzz. Thanks to the Bands Perry and Zac Brown for keeping it real. And whoever was mixing the sound, it's nice to hear the vocals.  Don't quit your day job.  Please Nashville, no more California country fried pop.',1
'Exactly, we need laws that make congress use the same crappy services they roll out for americans.',1
'WS   I did watch the Congressional hearings when Fluke was there giving her testimony.  Wake up yourself you dumb$hit.  Try turning on the hearings as they're taking place and  you might know more of what your trying to yak about.  She was testifying to the cost of birth control that some women need thats not covered by insurance and is used for medicinal purposes and not birth control  Try paying more attention to whats going on before you open your ol' wazuu.',1
'I have never seen that show nor will I ever watch it! but just the title is a turn off for me! My husband and I too had trouble getting pregnant but after 12 years adopted a beautiful baby and when he was was 5 weeks old found out I was pregnant ! God has a plan! But at 16......it's crazy! Babies should not be having babies for show!!!!',1
'you republicans jus dont get it do you. no matter how much oil this country drills for it will always be sold to other countries who pay higher prices it does not come back to theusa and never has.  even  stating oil is cheap you are the first ones who scream when ga**** 4 dollars a gallon even though no goverment official has any control over the price of gas and if they did try to control it you republicans would be the first to scream socialist instead of free market. all new energy cost more to research and impliment only when it beome more  used does it become cheaper to make.  I do hope all you republicans show up for work on wensday after romney's bid for the white house fails. and I hope you will instruct your member of congress to actually do some work in the next 4 years unlike the last 4',0
'I agree.  After 20 years of marriage, continually employed for all of those years, raising a family without any government aid - my wife berates me for being "boring, tired all the time" and "bitter".  All the while she adores her friends' husbands who are unemployed, hooked on drugs and/or otherwise scamming the system.  These "men" , according to her, are "spontaneous, fun-loving, carefree" people...',1
'I can't believe some people think she's big!!  THAT's what the female body should look like!!  No wonder these poor ladies are running around trying to turn into transparent skeletal remains.  YEOW....God certainly knew what he was doing when He created the woman!',1
'Good thing they are trying to police the cocoa sources of Hershey now before they make chocolate out of it for 112 years!',1
'The comment above comes to you straight from the horse's behind.',1
'salut coucou je suis nina de lille j'aime bien coisse les hommes serieux sur le net . je suis cilibataire',0
'Some women do not want their husband r dad in the delivery room.....only their mother's. or a sister.\r\n \r\nAs a man. I am here to tell you that **** aint sexy but when you see you little angel...notice I said little angels because when they get older......they progressively turn into little devils......lol!\r\n \r\nWhen they are little angels they are so cute and precious. Don't worry if he wants some.......he will get over it.......I dont know why he had to wait a year.......he should have gotten over it in a MONTH tops.\r\n \r\nMost men I know are begging after a month or so............I dont give a damn if it looked like the Apocalypse.......lol  ​ .....As Marvin used to say..........."Let's  ​  Get it ON"',1
'Jac - How can you possibly compare “settlers not eating” with a marathon?!?!?!  You could possibly compare the life on Staten Island right at this moment to being Pioneers having to build their entire lives back from scratch and their community back from scratch.  You do realize that the people most devastated by this catastrophe live on Staten Island and that most of those people are “Blue Collar”, police officers, fireman, nurses, etc. the people that would have to work overtime to assist the marathon.  Well I am pretty sure that those people would rather not work overtime at this moment in their lives!!!!!  Your analogy is so off base, that I am embarrassed for you allowing your self to think it and then type it.  You reek your immaturity and total lack of empathy.',1
'Wow!  This is too funny.  For a long time I thought my cat was weird.  He sits and lays around exactly the way this cat does.  Before my cat (El Negro), I had never seen cats behave like that.  My cat also walks around with his tail straight up in the air.  Something else I've never seen cats do.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Kait...a kool-aid drinker that "Will not have anybody making fun of Obama". I guess her saviour is beyond approach or humor, Maybe she needs a joint to chill out!',1
'Any number over 125K per month for new jobs is positive job growth that exceeds the new workers  coming into the workforce.  This number will not change regardless of who's in the White House.',1
'never received anything but candy. but i have to say what kind of parents would keep the cocaine??',1
'of course it would.  I'd watch.  Tony isn't being mean to Rick, what he said was funny.',1
'I would sue everyone involved!!!!!',1
'a piece of paper saying its a certified' cocoa product. doesnt mean anything.  Unless your watching the farm inperson, they can get coco from a farm and then say its certified' cocoa. you dont think Africa government isnt any more corrupt than our government with pay offs. come on..',1
'iSuck! Hey Apple, remember what you did to Samsung? How does it feel now, lol!!! Couldn't happen to a better company!!',1
'',1
'yikes',1
'Wow - you're absolutely right!',1
'The things were relevant 40 years ago are still here.\r\nThe things that are not relevant aren't...',1
'To all Police and Troopers,\r\n \r\nWhen you say don't speed and you won't get a ticket, that means you too unless you have your siren and flashing lights on. I absolutely have a problem when a officer or trooper expects me to do the speed limit when they are not abiding by the laws they are enforcing. Why are you getting paid to break the law? Also, some cops lie.....Really? I was written a ticket for speeding and passing in a no passing zone......in no way shape or form was it me. You tell me what to do since the judge found me guilty because I could not prove it was not me? And I'm not supposed to be mad?',1
'hmmm, I guess the dead aren't living after all eh?',1
'^ i think that was the point, emphasized in the () lol',1
'Under these circumstances, union membership should not be an issue.  Help is Help.  If Unions are so good that they refuse help from 'their neighbors", then they should deal with the irate citizens of the area.  This time the UNIONS are WRONG.  Period.',1
'"Positive news coverage shifted in Romney's favor after the presidential debates began, mirroring the CHANGE IN MOMENTUM in many public opinion polls, according to a new study by the Project for Excellence in Journalism."  - Pew Research Center, 2 November 2012  \r\n  \r\nMSN is not an acronym for Main Stream Media..',1
'Thank you!!!!!!!\r\nGet the word out and get ready for it....',1
'Maybe she felt you needed to wash your mouth out? LOL',1
'Although I agree that Country music has changed over the years one must understand that Country music audiences have changed as well. While man of us “older” music fans love the “old” sounds we don’t buy as many tickets to concerts or CD’s as we used to – so – Country music has evolved to give a “younger” audience what it wants – glitz, glamour and fla**** now less about the music and more about the visual stimulus. Can you really see Tammy Wynette packing Giant’s stadium in New York these days…the answer’s No but the truth of the matter is – Taylor Swift can and does almost every day! The Grand Ol’ Opry days of Nashville are over and have been slowly fading into the background for years. Country music isn’t going anywhere – It’s just not our grandparent’s music any more – Don’t like it…go get a George Jones or Waylon Jennings CD and cry in your beer!',1
'Sorry...just don't like Taylor Swift...but the kids like her, buy her junk, which by the way all sounds alike, and that's what counts in the real world.  No, country isn't country any more...maybe we'll see a resurrection in the next few years.  Give me Strait, Nelson, Reba, Loretta, Jackson...and the rest.  I do like some of it...but the screaming doesn't cut it for me.  If I want to listen to pop or rock, I change stations.  I want to hear country when I want to hear country.  Just sayin'....',1
'The point is she is modeling on trees, where monkeys (who are very small), typically hang out.',1
'YES, is Kay ignorant about the rules or is she merely stupid, I say the latter !  Her a$$hole lawyer should enlighten her to the law and not waste the courts time with this bullsh!t , they have enough on their plate. Of course, he's probably  also a mindless bible thumper that obvious doesn't comprehend the concept of Separation of Church and State !  Here you have the major problem in this country in a nutshell, stupidity breeds stupidity !',1
'This is nature and what happens when men chase after women. If women chased after men then they would do worse at school and education. It is MUCH easier for a women because the man usually has to sacrifice to stay with that certain woman. They have to follow where ever it is she goes or moves to. Long distance relationships rarely work out so unless he wants to lose her HE HAS TO FOLLOW. Women will dump a man that will not chase after them or sacrifice. The man ends up working to pay the rent/bills while the women keeps going to school.\r\n \r\nThen the woman leaves that man after she is done using him and finds a new man that wants to chase after her. They stay together for 3-5 years until he stops chasing and she leaves again because she in now addicted to the feeling of being chased after. This goes on until the number of men chasing her goes down and she ends up with whatever she can get at that point. I wonder why there are so many divorces...50/50 my a$$. It is either the woman's way, or no way in this country atm.',1
'REREAD !!!!! You need to concentrate more !!',1
'UGG's were cool and fashionable like 6 years ago, anyone still wearing UGG's is way behind the times. The new "It" boots for fall/winter are Hunters and Sorel's.',1
'Actually I am. I'm going to be even prouder of Nancy Pelosi when we vote her in for 8 years in 2016 and 2020. Harry Reid would make one heckofa V.P. I think.',1
'PS.  The people who create these numbers aren't Obama employees.  They are the same people who were there during the past presidents and will be there for the next.  They are the "real" numbers.',1
'WOOHOO',1
'That's the fastest chewing I've ever seen. Looks like it's in fast forward.',1
'He'll certainly never get a job that requires him to write - ugh!',1
'Yes we are.  Sad isn't it.',1
'who are the two people to put thumbs down for this review?',1
'wizardcody...sounds like a 14 year old's name.  What would you know about beer anyway?',1
'Just another young person trying to come into their own, exploring and expanding upon their version of sexuality, while at the same time trying to fit in with this grossly messed up generation of limitless behavior freaks. Money doesn't change people. It just provides them the means to quickly become more of who and what they are, whether it be good or bad.',1
'positive coverage does not lead to good ratings so thats never going to happen. we live in a society that thrives on the extreme. the bigger and  badder the stroy is the more we watch and if the story isnt big enough  we tend to embelish a little more. we do it in the news, we do it in politics and we do it in television. welcome to the usa the country of ratings because no ratings no money',1
'Had it....based on my observations, I think mileage posting seems pretty accurate...on the average. My honda accord beats both the city and hwy posted milegae, and I have noticed my RAV doesn't, but that is because the person that uses it is a very on and off throttle person, fast braker too. When I drive the RAV it does get the posted milage. \r\n  \r\nPerhaps you are an agressive driver ? Drive with low tire pressure, etc.',1
'Yes, that's my address. I'm sure that you and every other internet tough guy is too much of a coward to do anything about it. seeing as I gave you my address and you are going to do nothing but spam boards with it.....I think that shows everyone what you are made of. LOL',1
'well, you need proof of schooling and education on what job you are going to do.  Unions have a very good job on teaching the skills of what they will do and I have found out the hard way on how nonunion companies don't teach their employees and thow them to the wolves on work as dangerous as high voltage electrical lines.. It's nothing to mess around with and you need a agressive safety program and record in this business.',1
'Who would leave naked photos on their phone? I think "sexting" is stupid anyway, but if you're hellbent on doing it, be smart about it and delete the damn photos afterwards!',1
'Now Now...the Joker looks better than that don't ya think???? :)))))',1
'Terrible. My heart goes out to this church and the minister's family',1
'This is the liberal media trying to justify itself for being liberal media.',1
'I wouldn't want to go anywhere NEAR her swamp. Yuck!',1
'I'd rather walk on broken glass than wear that crap!',1
'Wouldn't expect anything different from the A##hole. Perfect costume for a woman beater.',0
'When she runs low on cash.',1
'Ya, I agree with Scott.  And if you pressed the children in the Philippines into farming cocoa, you would have to pull them out of the prostitution business.',1
'iSorry CrApple',1
'Hey Da Surfa, it sounds like the water in your ears has leaked into your tiny brain.  Just keep on listening to Chris (Obama gives me an erection) and Rachel Madcow (I don't ever want to see a nasty old erection) so that you can keep your head in the sand and avoid the truth !',1
'Yo Ed, MY name isn't Bette. Read it again.\r\n \r\nEither you're a dumba$$ or you're a sugarbaby who doesn't know who this references.',0
'Consider the offer coward',0
'I read your post 4 or 5 times, makes no sense......sorry!',1
'The Mega corps just see that as a tax while they actually walk away with billions. Small price for breaking the laws of the land and the people. No one ever real recieves true justice because you cannot hold a peice of paper (documentation of corporation) accountable for crimes because it is not a human. So the shereholders and the board get awaqy with untold crimes on humanity',1
'Hoorray!  Well done LA',1
'What a very sad situation for any loving pet owner. My condolences! Hopefully the "wrong" can somehow be "righted" in a positive way for Mr. Sadler. R.I.P. Zion!',1
'On purpose or by accident is irrelevant. Kick his a** all the way to the court, and then kick his a** all the way to the jail. Once there, lock his a** up and lose the key.',0
'most of you deserve tickets for your spelling',0
'I have worn them and I LOVE them.  They may be "hideous" but they are about the best pair of boots you can ever wear...especially in a cold climate like Minnesota.  I don't get why California dwelling celebrities wear them or why they don't overheat.  They are super warm and very comfortable.  I have had my pair for about 18 years and they still keep my feet super warm when I am out shoveling and playing in the MN snow.  They are finally starting to show signs of wear and I would love to own another pair and buy some for my daughter.  Perhaps the reason the sales are slumping is because they are priced ridiculously!!',1
'I have a really pretty Siamese kitty that stalks and hunts me down. I have to hide from her and she will freeze when she see me....it is sooo cute.',1
'i knew i was right, you'll are bunch of low life, thats the first thing that comes to your mind, "to bone and disown", wow, no wonder you're dragging the rest of the country down the ****...  \r\np.s. learn your grammer first, that might come in handy when looking for a job.. oh wait, you're on welfare.. so dont bother...',1
'Seriously? Has nobody ever heard, "Smile for the camera!" before? I love how it is a candid that he is looking right at. At least I get the opportunity to point and laugh at uneducated morons.',1
'Not to be mean but.........So what??????????',1
'How sad.',1
'this woman and her husband have no heart at all. They should be branded as traitors.',1
'Rhonda must have been a "C" student.  What do you call, "good technical skills"?  Graphic Arts perhaps?  Blame yourself first.',1
'Yes we know....   The Private Sector is doing fine....   Keep repeating a big lie  enough and people will believe it to be true...   J. Goebbels. \r\n Only democrats are dumb enough to believe 'happy days are here again'....\',1
'Are you really that naive or just that stupid? Vote god is redneck slang for don't vote for that muslim. Everyone in line knew it too.',1
'How do we know if this alleged clean-up or even if this alleged football game even occurred?  Consider the source...he's lied about every other thing in his campaign!',1
'fire the person in charge and the insensitive jerk that handled the situation very badly.  Problem is no one wants to do their job correctly anymore.',1
'i bought a deaership car with a clean carfax. i trusted them. after all how could they sell me a flood car? how wrong i was. you need to bring any car you buy to a trusted mechanic who knows what to look for. if the seller does not cooperate in any way just walk away from the deal and that dealership, period. there are plenty of dealers and plenty of used cars out there. DONT GET EMOTIONAL IN YOUR SELECTION. a decision and deal made on how much you "love" the car could be your worst nightmare later. always try to get a warranty. a few thousand mile or a few months warranty give you a lot more power to just return the car within 72 hours of the deal in most states. be aware your lender will not help you and the dealer will say you cant return the car. I MADE THESE MISTAKES but had the car inspected and it was an obvious flood vehicle after looking under the car. i notified every consumer and motor vehicle agency i could. i had a liscensed certified mechanic declare it unsafe and brought it back and thew th keys on the salesmans desk had a witness took pictures of everything including where i dropped it off with identifiers in the backround and dates on the pictures. the salesman said i cant do this its yours now you cant reverse the sale etc. and tried to make me keep it saying what can we do to make you happy. i said just take it back and forget about it over and over and left it there. one week later the loan dissapeared from the bank and the car was relisted for sale  a check for my deposit appeared in my mail. one thing i can say is i was very lucky to do this. it was the biggest dealer in tampa fl and they could have fought this but probably did not want to get the publicity that i told them i would create. i figure the car came out of hurricane irene from up north.CAR FAX DOES NOT HAVE PRIVATELY PAID REPAIRS ON IT SO HOW CAN YOU BE SURE< GET IT INSPECTED BY SOMEONE WITH THE KNOWLEDGE',1
'"V_L..... Swags has an agenda.... He always has and always will.\r\n If things were so good without them, why would they exist in the first place?" ',1
'This is look he had after the first debate!',1
'Wow yet again sheeple follow whatever liberals spout as fact. Hmm I find it interesting that scientists have already stated that the global warming trend has come to an end. Also become educated please because this is a cycle the earth goes through. Can we blame man and tech on the ice age? Get a life libtards and research before making yourself look stupid',1
'Fine him with death,,That would be fair,,,,for sickening all the minds of the people of earth that watch this abhoration',1
'Everytime i get in the truck i make sure all is working signals etc . I go 2or3 miles under the speed limit and have cruse control . People go by me like the Roadrunner and i think what part of the speed sign do they not understand . Beats the heck out of me .',1
'Yes... but... he still has his hair and not fully shaved? Not that I'm being picky, because I did get the message. When people say shaving their hair, I think of Telly Savalis (sp?) in Kojac?? Haha',1
'Not a day goes by people don't tip at the restaurant I work at and all of our reviews are good to excellent, especially for service.\r\nThe reason people don't tip?  They have never been stuck shelling out food to ungrateful people themselves.',1
'The jobs report, isn't this a benchmark for when the economy is healthy enough for the monetary stimulus to end the QE-4 ever.',0
'C'MON PEOPLE!!!!! The man had to have his leg amputated! If it was you that lost your leg then you would want compensated too. Think about how much his life will change? I was in Iraq for a few tours and got shot in the arm on my very last tour. After five surgeries they had to amputate my arm half way between my wrist and elbow. To throw fuel on the fire it got infected and they had to amputate 4 more inches 8 months down the road. The arm I lost was the left and it was my dominant hand. Trust me it changes your whole life!! If the bolts holding the statue up malfunctioned then I think he has a very legitimate lawsuit!',1
'I thought the Awards show was fabulous!  I love the NEW sound of country music!  It makes you 'feel good' instead of wanting to cry in your pretzels!  It has great beats that are very easy to STILL line dance to and also two-step!  If you don't want to do either of those, then you can easily 'shag' or even fast dance to them!  It is very well-rounded and I totally love the sound and I am 61 yrs old!  The performances were awesome last night.  I think the only one that I didn't particularly enjoy was Faith Hill.  She sounds like she is struggling to sing anymore.  Sorry Faith and you have always been a fav of mine!  Carrie's song "Blown Away" is awesome and she is too!  Pontoon is my very favorite song and I was tickled that it won!  I love Blake and so glad the he and his cute wife won!  So it was a super night for me because some of my favs won awards and I got to hear all my fav songs!  Good Job as usual Brad & Carrie!  Ya'll were tops!',1
'baha.  maybe you should do a little research back to 2008.... but then again, Dems like you think before you speak, if thats even possible for you to think that is.',1
'Ran into turbulence. Really hard. I had a window seat and was watching the wing. I thought it was going to snap off. Scared the bejeezus out of me. That was in 1998. Haven't flown since.',0
'DISGUSTING',1
'Suicide Silence sucks as a band anyway...',0
'There was a book written several years ago with a title something like 'how not to get a ticket' .Contrary to one's initial thought of cursing out the police officer or making up an excuse, the book said this. MAKE THE POLICE OFFICER FEEL LIKE THE WORLD'S GREATEST PERSON. I guess that is still good advice.',1
'Yes, and I love my Ugg's. Granted, they have gotten expensive, but they are oh so comfortable.',1
'It's an Obama backed enterprise , so no surprise.',1
'YES, but you have to be cognizant of that fact and keep having a good sex life a priority, a priority that is not easy, especially when the children are little. It's essential to a lasting marriage !',1
'Amen to that... whoever promotes her should get a new job, she is just terrible, can't carry a tone, even if she would carry a bucket! Anyone who thinks she does a fine job, just speaking words to back ground music, don't know either what real music is..... As with any of this younger generation, heaven help us as we get older and retire; we'll just have to listen to music thats 1995 and older....',1
'**** you, Your a ****ing scumbag too bad they didnt put you down **** !',1
'The content of the story is bad, however the attitude of the reporter is far worse.',0
'Co-Equals...good luck with that pipe dream. The second you say I do you become an indentured servant AND the drama begins!',1
'Anybody wonders why unions are Pro-Democrats?, why should you bar anybody that is qualified from doing work?...............  ​ .Hopefully we will get rid of this clown of a president we now have',0
'Robmey doesn't care about a million. He has more money than he knows what to do with. He  enjoys f...ing over people with his greediness and Bain Capitol by charging millions of dollars for financial expertise only to run the companies into bankruptcy with Robmey being the only one that benefits, making millions  from it, but I'm sure he love's to see the workers loosing everything they have worked for includng there dreams more than loosing there jobs. Another thing that I can't understand is how Schmitty can tell lie after lie after lie and the Republicans still trust him? He can tell you one thing,  only to change his mind the next day, yet Republicans still trust him. Is this the new  way Republicans would run the Country by saying one thing and let the people try to figure it out. Does this mean Robmey can say anything and he will be believed? The one thing that I could never stand was a liar and I bet if you were to look up liar you would see "Schmitt Robmey"\r\nLIAR = NO CONSCIENCE\r\nNO CONSCIENCE= NO SOUL',1
'Get a debit card.  If you have no money in your bank account you can't buy anything.  No interest charge, no payments to make.  Just make bank deposits when you get the money if you plan on buying anything with the card.',1
'THE DOW IS UP BECAUSE PRESIDENT OBAMA'S STRATEGY HAS BEEN A SUCCESS. \r\nIF YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB, GO BACK TO SCHOOL AND GET AN EDUCATION. \r\nIF YOU DON'T WANT AN EDUCATION VOTE FOR MITT ROMNEY SO YOU CAN BE HIS\r\nPLANTATION N***** BECAUSE THIS RACE IS ABOUT MOVING FORWARD NOT MOVING\r\nBACKWARDS TO A TIME WHEN MASTER ROMNEY SAT ON THE PORCH SIPPING A SWEET TEA WHILE EVERYONE ELSE DID ALL THE WORK. WAKE UP PEOPLE. VOTE OBAMA!!!!',1
'I agree with rah 1956!  The only reason these bimbos got a show is that their parents, (well, their late father and step-father Bruce Jenner) are famous!!  Sad, but true.  They'll probably riding that gravy train until they die.  Unless...they finally grow up, and do something meaningful and constructive with their lives.  Any bets?',1
'Wow...Had it rough growing up did we? If punching your kid or any kid in the face is better than carving into a turtle shell then you have some seriously ****ed up priorities. It's not like this kid was carving up his dog. It was a turtle shell. People have been doing this for over 400 years. It doesn't hurt the turtles as there are no veins or nerves in the shell so unless you're carving down to the meat, no harm/no foul.\r\n\r\nYou're clearly uneducated and backwards. I suspect it doesn't take much for you to want to hit a kid, I just hope your kids live long enough to make it out of the house before you **** them up too bad...Moron...',1
'OK...And what does this article have to do with your political agenda? You're an idiot and need to stop watching the O'Reilly Factor. I think your late for your Klan meeting there Grand Wizard...',1
'No, I do not believe drivers should not be compensated for total miles the automakers claim the vehicle will last.   If the manufacturer claims a vehicle should last 200,000 miles and the owner has driven it in the ground, by the way they drive, and the vehicle never makes it to 75,000 miles for example, they should be rewarded for a 200,000 mile claim? \r\n  \r\nI also think that only the original owner, whose decision to purchase was based, among other factors, on the rated MPG, should be compensated, not anyone after that.  And I'm not sure if another factor should be only if you still own the vehicle.  An original owner who unloads their vehicle after 10-12 years of ownership should be compensated somehow also. \r\n  \r\nHyundai and Kia might have been acting unfairly with their erroneous ratings but they are trying to right a wrong (probably only doing this to ease a reduction in sales).',1
'MSN please tell us who is better off because it sure isn't the middle class under obama.',1
'fernando...the name says it all!  YJCFS...you just can't fix stupid...',1
'How did they stretch their 15 minutes this long?',1
'If your house collapsed and your town is destroyed, where do you find the time to take glamour shots?',1
'I agree. They are coming into adulthood and have just as much at stake as anyone. Maybe more.',1
'yeah we have all been laughing at you idiots wearing UGGs for like ten years now!!',1
'I'm off to England, honey.  I'll phone in a few days, week and a half, tops. ;-D',1
'Its no wonder the men seem to think Khloe did a great job, since her nipple about poked their eyes out all night!!! I was appalled that it was allowed to air all night without a wardrobe adjustment. Leave somethings to the imagination Khloe',1
'How is it that I have a much smaller 2012 SUV (Lincoln MKX) than I had in a 2004 GMC Envoy XL and the gas mileage is the same?  That is crazy and very disappointing.',1
'One year my Mom handed out. "What are you kids doing out here! Get back in the House!" She thought the trick-or-treaters that came to our house were my sister and me and we were told not to leave the house because my parents were moving heavy machinery around and didn't want us to get hurt. I don't think we ever had another trick-or-treater again.',1
'"LOL" at both of you trying to lump democrats together again. You must be trying to screw the working middle class or something.',1
'Hahahahaha... Maybe thats all you can attract is drunks.... Public Transportation???? Hahahahahahahahaha.. Your a cheap loser FREAK!!!!   I couldn't possibly hit on someone who rides PT and I love to have a drink.... I find myself better than PT though... No wonder your an adamant Osama dick puffer... You're around scum of the earth all day.... You have no reason to talk... As far as class is concerned.... You are one of them',0
'yes it does, and it's not just mine.  The emails sent between the scientisis to reject disenting evidence and to fake their own evidence in the peer reviews, proves BEYOND ANY DOUBT, except to complete idiots, that man caused global  / WHATEVER, is all fake.',1
'Ironic that a filthy smut peddler would have the balls (or lack their of) to touch on the topic of rape. His entire pathetic life has revolved around exploiting women and now he suddenly wants to advocate for them. Obama must hold a subscription to Hustler.',1
'Cops are using their guns on people in wheelchairs, naked and un-armed, killing dogs on chains and now tasers on 10yr olds that do not obey them. Here in Missouri, a woman cop shot a small 4 pound dog about 4 or 5 times when she responded to a disturbance. The dog barked so she shot him 2 or 3 times. The dog barely made it back to his cage and the woman cop went to the cage and shot it 2 more times until dead. She said she was in fear of her life The dog was the size of a Yorkie or a little smaller. The owner begged her not to shoot, he said he will not bite or hurt you. It was a baby. Point being, cops are using their guns more often against defensless people and dogs no matter the size, more and more!! Cops are poorly trained and think they are god!!!! They use there guns at the drop of a hat or ( BABY DOG BARKing) I have lost all respect I used to have for the police!! Thank god it was a taser,but not any less stupid!! He should be fired and sued. Sounds like he was bullied in school and is an a** to his kids if he has any!!!!!!!! He is a poor excuse for a cop. By the way the woman cop that shot the Yorkie was fired and had to issue a public apology',1
'What do you know about attractive females. Youre a virgin, remember? You should try 'crawling' out of your moms basement and starting a relationship with a living, breathing, HUMAN, female. "AWWW but I dont want to leave moms basement, Its STOVETOP night..." (you)',1
'I agree with Dan above.  This sounds very fishy, especially making a consistent 13% on your returns.  I guess maybe you weren't around when the dow dropped from 14K to 7K.  The average overall return for the last 10 years or so has been nearly flat, so claiming a 13% annual return on a mutual fund is bs.',1
'President Obama gave hundred's of  Millions to the UAW and part ownership of GM under the pretense of saving the Auto Industry. I wonder how many votes this will get him ?',1
'You can actually Google Ms. Laniewski, ya' know? \r\n Just a Pennsyltucky hot mess. \r\n I hope you don't put your money where your mouth is.',1
'not that great if you trimmed the hair on the sides she would look like moe from the stooges',0
'Actually, ugly women usually have more of an attitude than pretty women, and most pretty women are insecure about their looks. Personality seems to be a separate issue to me.',1
'basically. I knew I would regret it if I did anything like that lol. I would get backhanded so quick',1
'You stupid kunt you are unemployed and on food stamps, and you're not looking for a job, you gave up years ago. You're a lazy scumbag twat that is sponging off the system.you need to take your retarded kid and get the hell out of this country, go to Mexico and sell your daughter to a whorehouse you lazy skank. How dare you talk about unemployed and food stamps bitch! You're a career welfare KUNT raising another career welfare KUNT! I would tell you to turn tricks for money, but no one wants your fat disgusting a$$ or your nasty snatch that smells like a dumpster behind a fish market. You don't deserve assistance, you're just lazy, and your retard is a failure already who will end up on the streets taking it up the a$$ for a sandwich.',0
'LOL',0
'yes, & they are GREAT !!!!',1
'So what are you doing after your nap?  Maybe we could grab a bottle of milk and see where the evening takes us?',1
'I am 66 years old and I have bought few cars in my lifetime. I have never based my purchase on the gas mileage. Anyone that believes that is in for a surprise. I know that some cars will exceed the estimates but most will not. I base my purchase on reliability. I drive a 2008 Honda Ridgeline and it's the best truck I've ever owned. The gas mileage sucks though.',1
'can you imagine that a freaking union,a union the epitomey of crooked can question anyone elses business practices.hey sell the stock if you care sooooooo much.really,really.',1
'All I have to say is you can't sing a song put a label on it and call it country!!!!!!!!!!!.\r\n COUNTRY REALLY some of that music last night you couldn't even understand not country guys just not country!!!!!!!!! \r\n \r\n  WHAT ON EARTH IS TAILOR SWIFT DOING AT A COUNTRY MUSIC EVENT ? \r\n                                    She does NOT SING COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!',1
'Lot's of patience, energy, work, honesty, forgiveness and of course love!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It helps when you can see an example in your parents!  I've been married 22 years, my parents 52 and my parents in law 49 years.  A huge example of working out problems for the sake of a successfull marriage and of course of what comes with a successfull marriage great kids and great citizens!',1
'Keith said himself he'd rather "have a root canal" because he thought, rightfully so, that it all became political and in my opinion his racist closet-case flag waving Republicanism does not fit with modern sensibilities.',0
'Honestly Chris can't say I do those things, but really you should not be on here sharing with all of us readers what it takes for you to go down on your mother and wife!!!  Gee somethings are better left kept to yourself and this would be one of them along with Super Beast's address....but glad you shared his address...Super Beast look for a package around the holidays........YOU ROCK SUPER BEAST.......jealous much Chris?',1
'Neither. I wouldn't get caught in that position. If mother earth unleashes hell, I am prepared. As for shelling out a mortgage payment for a little electronic device, no thanks. I'd rather spend that kind of money on guns and survival equipment. I will say I love some electronic devices, such as my marine radio, CB, 2 way communicators, and non electric things like my sextant and compass and telescope and binoculars. Each to his own, I guess.',1
'And I see people from both sides of the aisle complaining about how unions are hurting workers, so dont bring parties into this. As for you calling anyone ignorant, I think your I'm in a union so they must be good attitude is the only moronic statement I have seen.',1
'That's some good logic there.  Seeing as the transfer is supposed to just be a direct link up, and that obviously the idiot helping her was breaking the law.  So, by your logic, it'd be your own fault for being air headed and leaving your TV or other valuables laying about your house as anyone (who would be breaking the law), could break in and just take what they saw.  Then you'd have no-one but yourself to blame for not putting bars on your windows, dead bolts and stop bars on the doors, a canine guard, and ADT.  I'm not saying it was the brightest of things for her to do, but don't blame someone elses illegal behavior on the victim.',1
'what else would it do?',1
'I guess you have never met a toe shark.  (a ferret)',1
'It's about time. There are plenty of dogs and cats in shelters that need love.',1
'Love Uggs their slippers are so warm and comfy.....we have to have Uggs!!!!!!',1
'Another feel good story! Right on LA!',1
'Propwell, Tell me another and I'll sell you a bridge anywhere you want it!!! Nice Try. \r\nI wasn't making a point about the year only the mileage. You cant buy a new PONTIAC anyway!!!!!.... I wasn't Bragging just stating a fact.......... If you read the article they were talking about NEW Cars !!  I bought my car BECAUSE IT WAS BUILT HERE AND PUT AMERICANS TO WORK HERE!!!... Its also BUILT BETTER than any GM product and backed up with the Warranties to prove it. I also could care less about what you think about it!!!...',1
'No... my mom said I won't be old enough to see it... yeah I know... 2015 is a lifetime away. \r\n\r\nShe just doesn't get it...',1
'Do you read the article??? \r\n The individuals who were turned away WERE union so an anti union ramble is moot.',1
'Oh, Karen, couldn't you also add the usual "resources are limited and this stops us from reading and filing correctly; we are devoted to the good of the community and our hearts full of love for animals, but we never really feel anymore . . ."',1
'you think thats good you should see his sisters trick....',1
'All the Mitt Romney voters just supported Mitt Romney and his Bain corporation associates as they just moved another company to China. Go to Bainport.com and read about this new venture capital Mitt Romney and his Bain associates have created for pure profit and how they forced these Bainport Illinois employees to train Romney's chinese imports to their jobs or face layoffs and firings before their December layoffs. Romney was so proud of his United States heritage that he and his Bain Associates forced the Bainsport company to take down the american flag while the chinese workers were there for the two weeks of training. Each and every republican/teaparty or whatever the hell they call themselves now completely support sending jobs overseas and raising the employment rate here in the United States. Be proud of yourselves Romney supporters.',1
'In my personal experience, generalizations about women don't work. As a man who has been with a number of women, all of them beautiful, I have found no two alike in any way. I've seen beautiful faces and bodies containing shrinking violets, adrenaline junkies, introverts, extroverts, kind souls and cruel, vivavacious ones, depressed ones, greedy and generous ones, creative ones and mundane ones, sellers and those who self-promote like an ostrich with its head in the sand...and women I've known who were not as attractive had no better or worse likelihood of having any of those traits. With the admission that I am more likely to want to get to know the female who I think is the most beautiful one in the room, I balance that with the fact that guys are measured in all sorts of ways that aren't fair either.  \r\n  \r\nI agree with Van Man that many attractive women are disproportionately insecure about their looks, even when they demonstrably attract masculine attention. \r\n  \r\nOne generalization I will make: Whatever your appearance, I think if you are more accustomed to having things you value in life, you are less likely to ankle bite at those who look like they have it better. I wish I was better looking and more charming, but I hope I never say a bad word about a movie star, singer or athlete that women get worked up over. It would just make me look like a sore loser.',1
'BFD!',1
'sorry DUUUUUUHHHHH, what did you THINK would happen?!?',1
'Agreed with Young... Though $10 is better than $0, it is still insulting. 20% (which is the base! Not to account for good/exceptional service) comes to $28.',1
'OK, your kids were involved.  You get a pass.',1
'And besides that most of you waiters will put the tip in the total already when you pay with a cc. I know this because they have done it to me in places like the Olive Garden. So heads up you are already giving a tip with that so when you add some more that is just adding to what they are already getting from you for the service that is their job. Cashiers and others that are in the world of public service do not get tips so why should they? Just cause they have to put up with the same kind of people cashiers do everyday.',1
'if the dog had an owner they CAN NOT put him down without his consent!!! take them to court!!!!!',1
'He saved your pathetic bank account and your going nowhere job.',1
'The golf course is still there in New Jersey.  I'm  so relieved.',1
'LIes, lies and more lies, especially the latest attack on the embassy. \r\nHe wouldn't know the truth if it bit him, but he wouldn't care either. Mr transparency won't release any of his own records. That tells you everything you need to know, he has so much to hide. i HATE THE LAME STREAM MEDIA and their liberal nonsense reporting.  BO says don't trust \r\nRomney?  He should watch videos of his 2008  lies **** hope and  change (I hope I am elected and I will change this country into third world).',1
'Mitt The Vampire Would Never Look That Way.   He Sleeps When the Sun Comes Up, Or Else He Cooks.',1
'And we STILL don't know the entire story.  All I can say is, if THIS version of the story is accurate, those IBEW reps should be smacked upside the head with a live 40KV line!  A situation like what is on the east coast needs EVERYONE, union and non.  It's not like those guys who can in from out of state were there trying to take jobs away from unionized workers after all, they were ther to HELP. \r\n  \r\nSomething that, unfortunately, the big unions seem to have forgotten how to do.',1
'Cuban's just being an azz. At least Trump has a legitimate claim. I don't believe Obama either. I want to see Barry O. come through on Trump's offer.',1
'Just like a man who woreships money, who cares about anybody when you can make a profit ! Sadly that is what the people of the U.S.A. are starting to embrace, to hell with anybody if they get in the way of profit.\r\nTHE ROOT OF ALL EVIL IS MAMON',1
'Power to the People \r\n\r\nNo one is stepping up and taking charge including the soda czar',1
'Not as cute as my big buddy Toby, a Maine Coon, who passed away after 17 years but he is certainly cute. Cats are cool anyway.',1
'There is something wrong with her dress.......it's not in my mouth. Haha. Of course one will surface! Everytime she starts to feel as though she is becoming irrelevant again.',1
'The kids are hugging too much????? Send these administrators to Chicago schools to observe. The minute they get back to Australia they will hug their students.',1
'I'd hit it.',1
'All of them. They are are all predators. Enough of the shark bites surfer stories. Why not  man eats cheese on a cracker. It's a valid story. Similar if you think about surfer on a surf board. Yum',1
'I don't know HOW I would caption this pic... but it looks to me like Obama is all for the legalization of Marijuana!',0
'That story was just last week.',0
'Talk about giving me chills and bringing tears to my eyes!  What a great story!  Thanks for sharing that - after all everyone has been through this past week....what an uplifter!!!  :-)',1
'Joey has to be one of the best one liner men in the business, now all he has to do is retire to Kenya with that other guy.  YES WE CAN.',1
'HA!!! The truth comes out!!!\r\nDoesn't matter whether or not he meant to say it. It's very obviously what he really, truly thinks/feels.\r\nGo, Joe!!!!!  :-D',1
'Well said!',1
'A woman sporting a mustache or furry legs is a perfect way of saying she in not into men.  Ladies, wear a mustache and men will finally leave you alone.',1
'yes, full maturity is reach at age 14 for women and 16 for men. Only the men's law is that make this "so call minors laws". At that age , i was doing all of the above and 'being considerate a minor", but it did not stopped me, to do what i wanted, whom i wanted or where i wanted 33 years ago!.',1
'????????? HUh ?',1
'No, Rod baby...We don't think You're sexy.   \r\n  \r\nSing along people! \r\n  \r\nIf you think I'm sexy, \r\n and you want to know what's up my booty \r\n come on baby let me know!',1
'Oh you two are a class act.',1
'If barry gets re elected on the 6th, the best three things you can buy are gold, silver and lead. Better save what you have, becuase if you think the last 4 years were tough, trust me it is only going to get worse.',0
'u guys saying u bet anyone could wear an obama shirt, etc.  are u nuts?  this is texas we are talking about...bush country, republican country, bible belt.  so it was surprising they didn't let her wear it there',1
'OMG, you haters will just run with anything.  What if he was just smiling for the camera, geez.  I really hope you  Romneyites will take you heads out of your @ss for one min and think about how ridiculous YOU haters are looking, but it's just so much easier for ya'll to keep tossing your hate around like monkey's flinging dung, not far from the tree I suppose.',1
'HA, "The Graduate".',1
'he's two faced! this is his real face of what he thinks of america! \r\nthis face says 'i can do anything and the american people are too stupid to know i'm lying' !!!',0
'human feces from open sewage in california. Every time it rains',1
'Far too expensive for me. I have a friend who saved cash just to get a pair. She says they're real comfy and warm. The boots I bought at payless shoe store are really warm and stylish (not uggly) and cost me a whopping twenty bucks.',1
'I believe him because who wouldn't want to have sex with him? He just oozes sexiness and charm.',1
'I find it entertaining that one of the roads that I drive to and from work on, is an entirely Romney supporting neighborhood.... every house has a yard sign and sometimes two or three... and one of the yard signs is a perch an empty chair.... all of these people that I know in this neighborhood are great people of every color and creed... someone has come through this afternoon and destroyed every Romney sign but 1 or two.... just thought I would share that with everyone.... how utterly stupid are people getting?',1
'You really are a Republican sheeple aren't you?',1
'Grocery list?',1
'Yes and I love my boots. I wear them all winter. Sad that they may be going out of business. If they were a little less expensive this may be a different story.',1
'What this tells me is that men are not making the effort to get a good education.',1
'I used to but now they are made in china and fall apart after a year! The original ones made in Australia were the bomb!',1
'This aint Country in my Book. Country went away in the 80s!!! (:-',1
'I stand behind the commenter.... Your not being bullied lady.... Your being pushed into reality.... Lose the weight!!!  Its not an attack woman... Its the truth....I didn't see any cruel words lady... I only see a fat person.... Lead by example!!! Stop crying boo hoo and try to be stronger... Look deep within yourself and feel your confidence.... You can do this.... Now lose the weight',0
'I own a pair of Uggs and love them. I also bought a pair for my daughter. I was planning on buying 2 more pairs as gifts for the Holidays this year, but the price was making me rethink the idea. In recent years the prices have gone up and I've never seen them on sale',1
'What are parents intrested and involved in at their childs school?\r\nThe principal at a large inner city public school made this statement last year:\r\nOur school (High School) held an Open House one evening. All of our staff was available to meet and greet any parent or citizen intrested in learning about the school or their childs education. Seventeen people showed up for the Open House. Immediately following the Open House in an adjacent building was a boys basketball game. Over five thousand people attended the game to support their team.\r\n \r\nWho cares about the school as long as they can hug, grind at a school dance, and play sports! Are parents supporting the school and intrested in their childs education?',1
'Can't wait to see the Extra exclusive of Obama boxing up his Air Jordan collection.....\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ -----\r\n \r\nThen you better set your DVR to November 7th 2016....',1
'TASTELESS.',1
'All of those things were important to Milton.  That has nothing to do with the company as it stands now.  If he wanted to be sure that continued, he should have left the company in trust with specific guidelines on how it was run. \r\n  \r\nIt is a publicly traded company whose sole (soulless) purpose is to maximize profits for it's shareholders.  Great men and women who care about the workers who make their products are becoming more and more rare.  Milton did all the things you mentioned and more, and he still managed to make a pretty good living for himself.  That's not good enough for most companies today.',1
'Come on guys, Who is Nana Gouvea ?',1
'The crab was like, Oh yeah boobies, I'll show you crazy, "crunch"---here's my f**ing claw!!! How do you like that?',1
'Go back to sleep',1
'Are you serious? Have you ever seen a f*cking c-section? huh? I don't blame him, it's a vicious and barbaric thing to put a woman and a man AND a baby through, so until you know STFU! And don't ever lump me in with your ilk, as a woman I know the importance of raising my children AND satisfying my husband!! Damn your post really misrepresented women in general, me specifically, and was just plain idiotic.',1
'Well, all that info's not going to dissuade me from eating my choco... \r\n  \r\nDon't really care where it comes from, that's not important to me. And no, I don't really care what manpower they use... doesn't affect me at all.  All the bleeding hearts can cry and moan, but really, what does that matter?  You want to stop eating Hersheys, then go for it... but I also hope you're on the Anti--abortion train, too.  And the anti-poverty in the US... and all the other issues we have here in the United States.  \r\n  \r\nThose kids, al be it a very hurrendous situation, don't have many choices to begin with... and they wouldn't be in those situations if their partents hadn't decided to have children in a time they 1. could not protect them and 2. could not care for them.  Boo hoo... let American fix it!  Let the US save the day... oh wait.. they hate us over there... right?',1
'"There is no such thing as in scorning"\r\nWhat??? Speak English Hoe.',1
'Good Lord. Yet another pointless, poorly written piece of garbage from MSN. I can't believe I still look here for real news, because I know I wont find any.',1
'They both suck.  Horribly.   \r\n  \r\nWorst.  Choice.  Ever.',1
'Hey Dems, Cheer Up!!!!!!!! \r\n You have a future in the Massage business!  The way you've been stroking the numbers on all the economic issues, you'll be a  "Shoe In" after we "BOOT you OUT!"',1
'Youre backtracking and reposting your comment because you no longer stand by it? Typical republican.',1
'Face meet palm.',1
'Give him life with out parole.',1
'Boy you hit it right on the target.',1
'I would agree but have to say she didn't give birth through her vagina, they sliced open her abdomen and yanked the poor baby out that way. Honestly, I think this is what turned the guy off, vaginal birth is much less traumatic than c-section.',1
'Aside from these pix being tasteless, this cow should lose some weight before calling herself a "model."  In her dreams.  LOL',1
'we dropped about 60 cents in the last month plus',1
'And by the way.... All those Mammoths and Mastadons who drove those SUV's and cars around 10,000 years ago and caused those north american glaciers to melt should be written into the history books as criminals and we should remove all their skeletons from the museums because they caused global warming and passed it on to our ancestors who took up the cars and trucks and then made planes and built factories and caused all that global warming 10,000 years before any of us. They did it, they must have or the glaciers would still be around.. It had to be their fault that all those storms and volcano's and melting glaciers had to be their faults or they would still be present... At least according to Gore and His liberal followers reasoning that would be the only explanantion the world heated up and the glaciers melted.. Man did it 10,000 years first!',1
'What a lovely act of kindness.  Doesn't matter if the team was winning or losing, at least Michael gave Logan a heartfelt  deed to honor his Dad.  Kudos to them both!',1
'I know where I'd like to picture her!',1
'I'd bet good money there were people that were allowed to vote wearing BHO shirts.',1
'I remember getting Halls cough drops once via trick-or-treat, when I was a kid.  They were the original mentho-lyptus flavor.',1
'The Center for Disease Control has issued a warning about a new virulent strain of this old disease. The disease is called "Gonorrhea Lectim." It pronounced "Gonna re-elect em" and is a terrible Obamanation. The disease is contracted through dangerous and high risk behavior involving cranium up the rectum. Many victims contracted the disease in 2008. Most people, after having been infected during the past 4 years, are beginning to realize how destructive this sickness can become! \r\nGonorrhea Lectim is easily cured with a new drug on the market called "Votemout." The first dose should be taken now and the second dose in Nov. 2012. Everyone should be warned not to engage in this type of behavior again; otherwise, it could become permanent and eventually wipe out all life as we know it.\r\nPlease inform all those bright persons you love and really care about.',0
'Oh, another note to self: next time nanny needs time off for a doctors' appointment, let her have it, lest she miss out on her session with the psychiatrist.',1
'Just went to the source article and saw it. Well, you got me there! He looks retarded.',1
'So much for "cut through the red tape and the bureaucracy"... Obama can make all the speeches he wants but it is all show.',1
'HUH >>>>>>>WTF!!!!!!!',1
'This Man is the one who is ugly for thinking like that!!  How dare him!!!',1
'So you're a witty douchebag on the internet, huh? I bet that confidence translates well into the real world.',1
'Wonderful young President simply relaxing; he is very much a human being as opposed \r\nto the robotic, starched hair and face of Romney who goes down now as the most deceitful \r\ncandidate to ever run!  What an obsessive, compulsive lier!',1
'I like cats, and these two are so cute.',0
'Do I really look Stoned?',1
'LMAO! Again, I'll just let you go off on your fantasies. Ten bucks says your dad was examining your prostate while you typed that. Keep it up with trying to understand how things work though. After you're done pleasuring yourself let me know if you want me to make you look even more ridiculous. It's getting too easy. Just like your mom.',1
'It will be interesting to se how this turns out.',1
'A VOTE FOR OBAMA IS A VOTE FOR THE DARK SIDE',0
'All I know is after Tuesday, we will not have to listen to all these stupid lib dems   any more.',0
'She's a bit big, but looks really sexy. She wears it well. She's not "blubber" fat like most of the women (especially in America) who claim they're "curvacious."',1
'The Powers That Be would be idiots to turn away help.  Something's got garbled in the retelling.  Whether accidently or on purpose.  And shame on anyone trying to score political points at a time like this.',1
'I go into arrest every time I have to decipher one of marc johnson's pests...er, posts!',1
'sorry you all dont really get it, a unoin linemann goes thru 4 yr of training before you become a journeyman we all are trained the correct way the safe way   bash us all you want but when i have to trust a worker with 7600 volts of electricity i need to know he was properly trained ect.   its all about doing it right and safe  those good old southern boys can be careless rammy not all but believe me you dont get a 2nd chance with that kind of voltage     and that people is what it really is all about',1
'Two reviews and a B&N column a few days after a hurricane? Don't care if they were written before: that's what I call professionalism.  Well done, sir.  Hope life begins to return to normal soon.',1
'Election worries? Not me. It's not like america got smarter in the last four years.',1
'it's okay though as OH'bummer will fill in the rest that is required to pay rent buy food just sign up at one of his communist election headquarters........  ​',0
'THATS ONE REASON THEY ARE LADIES.THEY SHOULD BE SMOOTH',1
'I agree.  Call it what it is...and honey, it ain't country any more!  And Taylor Swift?  She's just NO WAY country.  All her stuff sounds the same.  Her newest "song" is AWFUL!  Not in any way, shape or form even remotely country!  Put her where she belongs...in the pop field.',1
'When Fox first broke this story this morning. I tried to figure out what might be the reason for saying "no thanks" besides them being nonunion...call me suspicious, but I never believe a word out of a fox commentator mouth unless I fact check it. I did  find that the training needed to be a licensed elecctrician in Alabam is pretty thin...and New Jersey does  not have a reciprocal working agreement with them because of it...not sure about New York. That would be all they need to get some linemen hurt or killed...and have their states defending lawsuits and making payouts ...sorry but you have to be careful and keep your people safe...they've been through enough.',1
'Hell my nissan versa used to get 22-25 and when I took it to the dealer I was told it was "common" when the sticker said 32/36.. Where is my check..',1
'There is NO replacement for Horatio Caine!  I didn't hear about the cancellation because I wasn't looking for it.  I spent the new fall season waiting for it.  Still in denial.  Can't believe network decisions sometimes.  NY is fine.  NY is not Miami nor could Mac Taylor (Lt. Dan) ever replace Horatio Caine.  Apples and oranges.... and Ted Dansen, bananas!  Where can we plead Miami's case?',1
'What a deal!  It didn't cost him an arm and a leg - just a leg.',0
'If parents; (several I would hope) have voted on this due to injuries sustained by their kids and the school put rules in place because of that then rules are rules. But what whiney, over protective, stuck up parents would have agreed to that. Maybe somebodys precious little angel went home bawling 'cause little amorous Andy gave her a peck on the cheek?',1
'SFE',0
'You dont "need" any of it.',0
'Ignorant Statement. \r\n  \r\nIt was just as big of a deal back then and just as many people were complaining one way or the other.  You just didn't notice because it wasn't political.',0
'someone(jdmeck) \r\n  \r\ndid you read the story, ****? the story says it a lie put out by the REPUBLICANS',1
'I am a pro in the health insurance business , I am NOT going to help navigators if people want a pro they will hire me for a fee or see ya. I didn't get licensed nor did I spend 10;s of thousands of dollars getting educated in it only to compete with people that are not licensed and dont have to follow the laws of the STATE',1
'"Tatum - "I guarantee you the world's leading meteorologists, of which you are not one, are more concerned about climate fluctuations in the last 100 years than they are concerned about what happened during the Ice Age. That's why I made that joke. What happened 20,000 years ago has no bearing on what's happening now, at least in that sense."" \r\n  In the last 100 years, you say?  So that would exclude Hurricane Isaac, which made Houston the major gulf town in Texas rather than Galveston.  It would also exclude a HUGE forest fire in Canada that resulted in ash, darkness at noon, etc, well into the United States for many weeks or even months. (We know this latter fact from a vast number of diaries, letters, etc, that are in the LoC or National Archives.)  Shall I continue or are two refutations of your argument enough to al least slow down the polemics?',1
'It is all about the total number of employees and max is correct. \r\n  \r\nTricky Dick also supported a health care plan.',1
'Look a little higher up. Idiot, Bimbo, Bikini....where is the problem?',1
'Burque is not a word',0
'Seriously. This is bad. Just bad.',1
'Ya can't.  Who will lead if they get sick?',1
'yes MSN i would like a bodyguard who cant handle his weapons',1
'Unions are just another form of communism. Everyone is considered the same except for the union bosses who get rich from dues and payoffs. Organized crime and a slush fund for the democratic party.',1
'Who's a freeloader, you belligerent dipstick!  My wife and I have combined pay of less than 6 figures, but our Fed income tax liability is 5 figures, our effective tax rate is higher than Romney's, and we WORK for our money, he doesn't.  How much income/wealth does the top 1% have? Morons like you paint everyone with a broad Limbaugh brush, Try living on just $25K/yr with a wife and two kids, and see how it goes.  People like you just love the taste of wealthy butt.',1
'after he leaves vegas ,',1
'I agree with the last line "the wife is better off without a guy so hideous on the inside."',1
'I won second place in 2 man race.',1
'I have no problem with this show.  If it gets the rating, then fine.  Ultimately that is what is going to decide it--not some self-righteous tools bad-mouthing these people.  As far as I can see, these people are a wholesome family.  They are not putting stress on the public welfare system (octomom, eg);  They raise their kids with love and great values (unlike gosslins and kardashians); and their kids have not been any  trouble.  The parents work to provide; the kids do chores like all should; and they have a generally happy livelihood.  Got nothing to do with numbers.  I know of many number of people who grew up by themselves or with just one sibling, got to do "everything", and are all messed up.  If just numbers was the issue, then there shouldn't be any problems from families of 2-3 kids, right?',1
'I place the blame squarely on the parents’ shoulders. Kids today are not taught to listen to and respect their elders, authority figures or even the police. Have the parents take a parenting class and learn how to raise a responsible young adult.',0
'But Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "oppotunity" to exploit.',0
'Is Christie a racist??  He has more power in NJ than Bama does.',1
'just like the Lakers first two games',1
'Jay - as a previous poster pointed out, Fidelity's 8x number is low.  You should plan for at least 10 x or more.  I've done the math like other responsible people, and this is for real.\r\nIf you're making close to 100k and not saving much such that you won't even have 100k saved when you retire, well then you have no one to blame except yourself.  Fool.  Spend LESS and SAVE MORE.  Eating cat food in your retirement years will suck.',1
'And I didn't say that they should all quit. I said that, if they don't like it, they have the opportunity to change their lives. LIKE I DID. If they don't, then that is their problem.',1
'First and foremost, I am for hugging, yes even in all schools. That being said, I understand why even elementary schools ruled against hugging. It's due to constant bombarding of sex grounded eye wash all the way down to toddlers. I'm not against sex either, but come on people. Affection is a beautiful thing.',1
'What a Tasteless B----h. Profiting off of peoples sadness. A true S--t!!!!!',1
'Flashoverman--guy, it's a trick question.  Nobody has precise temperatures for any section of the Earth dating back to 1512 in 10 year blocks.  It's kind of like asking what people's average weight was back in 1512, broken down by geographic region. Some data just doesn't exist.\r\n \r\nOne can take data from the Antarctic and extrapolate the temperatures--but nobody has the precise date.\r\n \r\nThis is one of those flat-earth kinds of question. It requires that people provide some sort of ridiculously precise and unavailable data because it doesn't like the information that is coming out of the scientific method. It wants historical fact when there isn't any (one way or the other).  PaxPax gave the perfect answer--there are clear issues having to do with climate change (he forgot to include the island countries that are ceasing to exist because the islands are being reclaimed by the sea).\r\n \r\nThe global warming types from the 1980s and 1990s were, in fact, being overly dramatic and alarmist. The chief guy has already admitted that. However, we are seeing smaller scale issues--chiefly erratic weather and changes to the oceans--which were predicted.  The worst-case scenario has not (yet--and I hope it stays that way) happened, but that doesn't mean we don't have issues.\r\n \r\nSeriously, guy--even the scientist hired by the Koch brothers who was seriously skeptical came to the conclusion, after well-funded studies, that this is a real issue.  Why can't you accept reality?  I can't see the wind, but I can see its effects--and that's enough for me.',1
'If a woman puts her hand on a man to assault him... then she needs to be ready to have her A$$ kicked... If you are going to punch a man then that woman needs to be ready to be treated like a man.... and get her A$$ kicked... It is not okay to abuse any one whether you are a woman or a man..  In either case, whoever is being hit should have  the right to shoot the sh_it out of the person is doing the hitting!!!!!  AS MUCH **** AS MEN DO, WE AS WOMEN HAVE NO RIGHT TO PUT OUR HANDS ON THEM.... WOMEN ARE ALWAYS CRYING ABOUT HAVING MEN RESPECT THEM... WE HAVE TO RESPECT MEN AS WELL.  IF THINGS GET TO A POINT WHERE A WOMAN FEELS THAT SHE HAS TO PUT HER HANDS ON A MAN.... THAT RELATIONSHIP IS NOT WORTH HER BEING THERE..........LEAVE  ​  !!!!',1
'Great idea! lets put a fat tax on snacks and fast food, how about more cancer taxes on smokes and lets put a drink tax for boozers, Lets not stop there how about an ugly tax on people getting plastic surgery how about.......',0
'When the price becomes $5.00 i would consider it.',1
'The one where he is curled up like a ball makes me want to punch him in the face.',1
'@ The real Pup1: You realize how very very wrong you are, correct?',0
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'This article's got it wrong.  "Regular, sugar-filled soda" isn't filled with sugar at all.  Not since the Coca Cola corporation discovered a cheaper chemical alternative, High Fructose Corn Syrup.  So regardless of which soda you drink in the US, you're getting a fizzy salt-water drink sweetened with chemicals.',1
'Dont hate at people during a huge disaster. I lost everything in my life last year during a flood. I know what people are going through out on the east coast right now. You have to have fun and do stuff like this in a time of grief to take your mind off it to help pull thru. If you got a problem with it thats fine but they can still have fun when they lost lots.',1
'Go get a book about handwriting analysis.  Maybe in your case in means inconsistent?  Actually it is a very fascinating subject.',1
'It's called evolving people! Music grows and changes and just because it doesn't sound the same as when you were a kid doesn't make it bad or not deserving of the category country music. If you listen to the rock music from years ago it does not sound like rock music today, does that make it not rock music? Get over it and move forward.',1
'OK-let me get this straight: Both manufacturers will rebate for mileage CURRENTLY on odometers . . . AND will keep doing so in the future as long as a person owns their vehicle . . . right?',1
'The most important thing in a marriage is for a woman to keep her man's stomach full and his balls empty.',0
'We'll find out on Nov 6th if we want this kind of control.  Nobama or no hugs.',1
'Why do libs keep using the word "retarded"? I thought the left was sensitive to societies minorities, including the mentally challenged. Shows zero class on their part and reaffirms their ignorance.',1
'A more accurate description of Myth, is morally.factually challenged.\r\nOr arrogant  theocrat.',1
'I don't remember. \r\n  \r\n  \r\n                Uuuhhhh.............  ​ .......what was the question?',1
'Yeah, well. We gotta get high......',1
'Amazing how comments can be made on this story but a false add lifting Obama can't be posted on right before the election. Total MSN crap.',1
'@ Susan, I was a waitress for over 10 years...I still tip good service or bad, when its good,  I explain to my server what he or she did wrong not to brow beat, but to help so that they can "tighten up" their service for the next patron..that's all.',1
'hug therapy..it's great!',1
'There's  always an a$$hole who has to ruin the fun, it reminds me of the lowlifes that were putting razor blades and dog sh!t in the candy, along with a host of other SICK AND PATHETIC  GARBAGE ! ! ! !',1
'i do, so yes. after having that big head squeezed through, she wants something bigger to satisfy her now.',1
'What happened to the Blackberry?',1
'It gives me a warm, fuzzy feeling to know that there are other countries in the world that also have epidemic hug-realted injuries and that are just as screwed up as we are.',1
'Carmelita - Honest about what?  The AUW has brought a suit against him for cashing in on $15 Million - while he said "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt" his company bought up the stocks of a company - that they knew that GM could not survive without them - I believe it was Diatech (spelling?) \r\nPlease tell me one "honest thing that Willard has ever said without backtracking or changing his position on \r\nFEMA - let the States handle it better yet Private Industry - yeah that would work out \r\nRoe v Wade - I would abolish it\r\n \r\nPersonhood - a fetus has all rights as a mother \r\n \r\nI support Murdoch - that all abortions should be illegal and the mother would be charged with murder \r\n \r\nPaul Ryan - cut FEMA by 40% - Vouchers for Medicare - and the beat goes on \r\n \r\nHonest - in Mass he vetoed 846 proposals by the government - so much working with the Democrats - losing the State by 36 points \r\n \r\nSalt Lake City Olympics?  Cost the Federal Government $1.3 Billion \r\n \r\nThis guy shouldn't be running as a dog catcher in an all cat community',1
'The price goes up  EVERY year!!! I love UGGS!! but the increse in price over the last few years is ridiculous!!! I usually buy a pair or two every year for myself and a pair for my daughter but  have not done so in the last two years due to the increase in PRICE!! $150 for a pair of little girls boots! REALLY??',1
'Well, it wasn't cocaine!',1
'I'm not a fan of hitting women but I would have knocked the B!tc# out cold. At the very least I would not allow anyone to hit me even a women. But like I pointed out it's not right to hit a women. But women, it's not all right to hit a man either.',1
'@Hitler Nuthugger: "Hahahahahahahaha...  ​  Loser FREAK!!!! Idiot"\r\n \r\nNice response. I guess that's the best you can do when you don't want to look even more retarded. Well played then. LOL, you can go back to blowing your father now.',1
'Does this mean guys are going to start spending hours in the gym, perfecting their looks? Life is so unfair if I have to look good and bring home the bacon... sigh... ;-)',1
'no one said how many kids she had or has',1
'uh...NO!',0
'A picture says a thousand words so I will keep mine short Yes tasteless as the model.',1
'The gamblers say there`s a 75% chance Obama wins.It will get solved,but nobody \r\nwill really be happy.',1
'Extremely tasteless!',1
'You thumbs down a true statement!  Omega made a patently false statement which I corrected and all you can do is thumbs me down for stating the truth!  Do you guys not value facts at all?  \r\n\r\nHere's a website showing Al Gore's house in Montecito, CA:\r\nhttp://virtualglobet  ​ rotting.com/states/C  ​ A/Montecito/\r\n\r\nHere's the detailed information:\r\nhttp://virtualglobet  ​ rotting.com/map/al-g  ​ ores-house-2/\r\n\r\nThat site gives the following lat / lon:\r\n\r\n\r\nCopy that into a google search bar and it should bring up the location in google maps.  Zoom out.  From that ALONE you can see it's at least 2 Km from the beach.\r\n\r\nThere's an application called GoogleEarth which I highly recommend, but you have to install it on your computer.  If you do that, copy-paste the lat / lon into the search bar for GoogleEarth.  It will automatically zoom to that location.  You can see that the elevation for it is 511 ft. ASL (ASL=above sea level)\r\n\r\nIt's zoomed in too far, so zoom out until you see the coast.  Click on the ruler in menu bar.  Click and release the mouse over the coastline approximately closest to the house.  Move to the house (marked with a pin), click again.  go to the little popup menu that currently reads about 2 miles and change the display to kilometers.  It reads 3.25 Km. \r\n\r\nSummary:  house is 2 miles as the crow flies from the coast and 500 feet ASL.\r\nConclusion: What the original poster typed is bullcr@p.  What I typed in response is fact.',1
'There is NEVER a good reason to go into debt, which is what your doing with each and every credit card purchase. Get rid of all your cards, save up a 6 month emergency fund, get rid of all your debt, and (this may sound radical) ONLY BUY WHAT YOU CAN AFFORD !! (i.e., actually have the money IN HAND to pay for!!) The "Credit Score" should be renamed the DEBT SCORE. The only reason you need a credit score is to go further into DEBT. Why, people, WHY ?!?! Act like an adult, put off the "I gotta have it now" mentality, and run your finances like your grandma would. If she didn't have the money, she didn't buy it.',1
'Surely any lawyer with his head screwed on would pursue denying the claim as an act of god! That could spark a huge religious war.\r\nCan you still believe in an almighty existence aftr somthing like that. God saying "Well I cured your wife of cancer, now you have to pay, it'll cost you an arm and a leg though".  Should have read he small print. I'm sure all religious people will find only the positives in this. He had to pay for one amazing deed.... so his selfless deed resulted in him having to suffer someway...not very christian? Or is that the christian way?\r\nPerhaps people will say that god actually saved him from dying instead or make some reason to make it sound like god was being wonderful. The irony in this is amazing.....',1
'ha ha ha ha good one!',1
'GMort, communism is very popular in developed countries among political dilettantes - musicians, schoolteachers, bloggers, etc. - but unheard of in undeveloped countries. They want to make our underwear, our computers, our electronics, our just-about-everythin  ​ g, and their model is not Marx but modern China: capitalistic economic system plus authoritarian political system equals moolah up the wazoo. Boots is a political ignoramus, which is not a comment in any way on his excellent music - though I haven't heard this latest one. As for your thumb, stick it anywhere you like.',1
'Sounds like Romney has "Head up A55" disease to me.',1
'I will submit the radically simple thesis that Hitler's appeal to Germans was much as the name of his political party would suggest -- a heady brew of rather extreme Leftism (socialism) combined with equally extreme nationalism -- with Hitler's obsession with the Jews being a relatively minor aspect of Nazism's popular appeal, as Dietrich (1988) shows. There were nationalist Leftists long before Hitler (Napoleon Bonaparte for one) -- as is shown at length (PDF) but the usual "all men are equal" dogma of the Left and their Marxist belief in the all-important role of social class usually inhibited 20th century Leftists from being really keen nationalists. Hitler felt no such inhibitions. His "Ein Volk" dogma in effect very cleverly substituted the usual leftist dogma with "All GERMANS are equal" -- and also, of course, superior to non-Germans. \r\n\r\n And Hitler's nationalism did have the very great appeal of being at least apparently heartfelt. Right from the earliest chapters of Mein Kampf Hitler's love of his German nation (Volk) stands out. And that his constantly expressed love of his people and belief in their greatness should have earned him their love and belief in return is supremely unsurprising.',0
'True American Hero are you kidding me? He's not even AMERICAN!  He has done nothing that deserves "hero" status, its a job, a job he has failed miserably at.',1
'And people keep going out and buying that crap. Everyone has the same speach "they are built here" Yeppers morons they are "assembled" here from parts shipped from "North Korea" you know slave workers. However the PROFITS go home.they do not stay in the USA. So if you get a pink slip at work call Korea or Japan maybe they will hire you.',1
'What? ... When?...  Where? ... Why?...Who Cares?',1
'"I'm about to lose an election, and she wants me to pick up milk and a loaf of bread?"Dude looks like he wants Doritos and a "Dew" to cure the munchies!',1
'I bet any water fresh or sea!!!',1
'He was just teaching the kid what the parents did not ! A lesson..',0
'TS.  One less doper the tax payers will have to foot a bill for.  No lost here',1
'Soll - since you make $50k a yr which is great at 25 but very lame at 35 - don't get married.  I am a male that is 50 yrs old and I have always made great money but between kids and my wife's spending I have virtually nothing to show for it and I will work until the day I die.  My wife's primary concern is that she will get survivor benefits when I die, life insurance, buriel plots have been paid etc.  Marriage is aquiring a dependant - nothing more.',1
'I'm not shaving my legs in honor of those who suffer from chapped lips.  I mean seriously, how does not shaving have anything to do with prostates??  Lol men!',1
'No. Looking out for the unborn baby is 1st priority above anything else!  \r\nShame on her!',1
'sue the **** out of their ****'',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'No big deal. Pretty women should be allowed to pose wherever they wish.',1
'Please turn off the FauxNoise news network.',1
'I don't think servers should get any tips.. how hard is it to walk a plate of food over.  How about we start tipping the real reason folks show up there... THE COOKS....!!!',1
'really? who cares? imean comeon, isnt  in america and they ahve differnt cultures in africa than we do, cept for obama of course, he is from kenya so  he would be  th eonly one who cares, and besides it gives the kids a income, that they wouldnt have other wise.feeds their families,, im all for forced child labor,  puts more money in the companies pockets, saves union and labor costs,and thier small dont eat too much,this is how  big companies think, they legitimize  it, to thier way of thinking',0
'I will bet Mitt is in this business also ,find out this and Obama is a shoe in.....',0
'Obama would have pulled a race card and demanded free food.',1
'Those kids should go ask their parents for some money so they can go to school.  I am sure it will work just as well there.',1
'4 years of Bull Market, 36 straight months of job growth, 5 million people back to work, exports up 40%, 500,000 new manufacturing jobs created, yep the economy has never been this bad. ( DEET DA DEEE )',1
'she's a women, aren't you libs all about womens right and women power and equality...oh, thats right, she's not a coward lib, so all that nonsense goes right out the door about rights and equality huh... bunch of low life scum of the earth you people, she has more character and intergrity in her left toe than your whole being.  have you ever stood for something worthwhile and not followed your whole life.. thats why you'll fall for everything..!!',1
'I guess you never pay taxes or eat. Dumb ****ing liar.',0
'I think this is totally, absolutely fake!!!  The handwriting does not look at all like a woman’s handwriting, but looks so much like a man’s hand writing.  Also the handwriting is very inconsistent; at least two different people’s handwriting.  Also the sign of a liar is printing and cursive in the same sentence.',1
'Ah yes Unions, the folks that brouht you 5 day work weeks,  health benefits,  living wages, and, oh yes retirement plans. \r\n  \r\nHeck we don't need any of that stinking crap !',1
'I would have left a tip. A $140 bill warrants it in my opinion, but it's her business not mine, or yours, or yours...',0
'...Still waiting for a real birth certificate....a real social security number, if he even has one...copy of his selective card....why all 50 states put obama on the ballot , without checking to see if he is eligible.....',1
'aa',0
'This is complete and utter BS. They're in, what? 5th or 6th grade? There is nothing wrong with hugging someone. Next they're gonna suspend someone because their mother or father gave them a goodbye kiss.',1
'He just called one of those 1-900 numbers "Hot Marxist Babes Hotline"',1
'Wow..I feel sad for you. You seem to exude a lot of anger....such a sad way to exist. I'm sorry.',1
'Everything lyin Willardo feeds his braindead followers is a myth. I am sure he would be doing better if he told these repuke dopes that he would create 50 million jobs in the next 4 years. They don't need to be told how. \r\nClueless Lyin Willardo should not even be running for president. But for a lyin moron, talk is cheap. This clueless moron has no idea how to fix anything. This criminal repuke bankupts companies and loses jobs. What a joke. The nuts that follow him actually believe that he is going to create 12 million new jobs and these dopes believe him. He does not have to tell them how, that does not matter. \r\nClueless Lyin Willardo is known as the slapped axx Mexican Mormon Moron for good reason. This complete dunce made himself look even more ignorant than he already is by stating in a campaign clip that if he ever overpaid his taxes, he does not deserve to be your president. Well this repuke dunce overpaid his 2011 taxes by $3,000 to make it look like he was paying a higher tax rate-which he can recover after the election. He has up to 3 years to refile an amended return. Only a pathetic, psychotic, braindead radical right wing cracked teanut dope will vote for him.',1
'They had an episode on "Everybody Loves Raymond" where Frank was giving out candy, ran out, and thought the condoms in the kitchen cabinet were gold-wrapped "candy coins" an d handed those out. \r\n  \r\nI can watch those over and over. My MIL is just like Marie crossed with Mother Soprano, although FIL was a great guy. They are also only a few neighborhoods east of Lynbrook. They wondered why we moved 1/2 hour away and we probably w/h gone further east except for the commute into our Manhattan jobs.',1
'Not me - I drink because I'm an idiot...I can't deal with all the smarter more successful people around me...and that, my friends, is my guilty little admission.\r\n\r\n"I feel sorry for people who DON'T drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day." - Frank Sinatra',1
'They are investors bringing suit to get info that the company wouldn't provide.  The investors have a right to know the practices of the company they are investing in.  If the company complied, no lawsuit.',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',1
'No one here in Tucson gets a warning. Everyone I've ever talked to gets a ticket no matter what!!!',1
'You give the same simple, ignorant response to everything.  How creative.  Why don't you find a toilet and...flush yourself down?',0
'She should have said, "I want a lawyer."',1
'Odumbo is already unseated......you commies need to start comforting each other, it will help.....trust me.',0
'Well, one could also point out that, if you can't afford to live without tips then you should get another type of job.',1
'They mean that the snobbish A-listers need to tell you what you like to wear.',1
'bad service only, as a housekeeper i feel her pain...180.00 dollars a room that is super clean and you can't leave a dollar???',1
'just with all music it evolves and country has done the same.  If you like the classics so much go and listen to them, but don't begrudge the new artist for giving the public what they want.',1
'I had a guy on my team in high school that knocked the ball out of the center's hands three times during the snap in his career.',1
'Well, good luck to them that hang around with you.',1
'did you ever get real job from a poor person',1
'OMG...That is nasty, one guy in a smoking jacket and the other jumps up from behind, I dont even want to know what was going on before the cameras started.',1
'I would leave a tip but its not a law and for this person to publish it on line is way worse then the non tipper.  if I found out who the server was I would never tip them you don't deserve a tip its up to the person tipping to decide .some tip more and some tip none get over it and if you get alot of these read between the lines',1
'Yeah, COBRA is great. I lost my job due to a botched back surgery. Cobra cost $687/month for my wife and me.....for 2 months. Then the cost went up to $1227/month. BTW, my long term disability check is $2037. I'm now on medicare for $99/month....my wife is self employed and uninsured.',1
'Yup! I think I found the A-hole! I hope you don't mind me fingering you?',1
'I cannot believe how stupid most of these posts are!  Children used to be employed, there was no such thing as a "weekend" let alone an 8 hour work day, decent pay, etc., etc., that people died, DIED, for us to have now.  Do you know how many union workers were killed in the 20th Century for merely trying to join together to have collective bargaining power?  Thousands!!!  I don't understand the lack of critical thinking skills, absence of knowledge of history, and apparent masochism displayed in most of the remarks to this article.  If our country is as full of people as stupid as and or as wilfully ignorant as the people who responded here, then we are doomed.  No thanks for taking me down with you!',1
'Steele....I will no longer respond to your emails because you sound exactly like Grey Ghost and I feel it would be redundant to give the same response to 2 idiots.',1
'So wait, I'm mad because you're mad, because I'm lazy, so I kill your children???  Real glad she woke up for that horses **** of an excuse...',1
'By By Obama, see ya on Tuesday! Vote ROMNEY RYAN',1
'With a population of 110 million, Mexico is the second largest continental consumer of cell phones and smartphones. And by the way, iFone is not a phone, it's the name of  a company that  supplies of internet and telephonic services.',1
'in reading these comments, it is clear people did not read the article.  The article clearly states the workers are NOT being turned away and once again, FOX news is missreporting a story. \r\n  \r\nWake up you Fox sheep and see that you are getting screwed.  I can't wait until Romney does away with obamacare and you all wake up to realize you are back to being at the will of the insurance companies.  Ha.',1
'sit down.  you wouldn't do anything.  Go back to your mamma's basement.',0
'Comedy shows need to stay the fcuk out of politics .',1
'Er... sure we can...',1
'America is going to hell quickly, super rich dont ever end up in jail. the poor occupy the Prisons. and a prison is a prison, everyone should go to the same prison type, the powerful ppl who do evil things shouldnt be sent to a prison "resort" but the same crappy one the average person has to go to.',1
'After purchasing a pair of knock off's, I finally broke down and spent the $$ for Uggs!  I've never been sorry!  So warm and comfy, almost like wearing slippers.  I have black ones and every single time I wear them, my girlfriends always love them.  Believe me, they do not sit in the back of my closet!',1
'Yes I do Gemini. I guess they have nothing better to do. It is sad',1
'I am thinking that this is his "normal" condition.  He looks very contently 'STONED"!!',1
'If they'er good they get a tip if they suck they don't if I have to ask some one else they get the tip. I wouldn't write an excuse being a former waitress that means I'll remember you next time and you may not get your food right or on time. And being from a single parent household you don't go spend 140 bucks at a place unless its groceries to get you through to the next paycheck or a few clothes for your kids.',1
'News are you shi--ing me MFer. I'm just here to keep you SOBs in line a little.',0
'Won't be buying any hybrid cars, Love my truck. And since Fisker was supposed to build here in my state of Delaware and then re-nigged on the contract. Wouldn't support them anyway. These were to be jobs for our state.',1
'Keep in mind.  Outside the states there is no male bashing.  Seriously!!  You know what you say to a frumpy/chunky aka "Real woman" overseas????\r\n \r\nAnswer: "Hey, you must be from the states too!"',1
'teeter 524 ..Please understand we don't care about  what the bible really says ..We are mostly jobless and .......well just read them for yourself i don't know where to start. I just come in here to try and get OBAMA planted in there minds where my wife and i can keep our checks coming in at the first of the month ... SO FORGET THIS BIBLE STUFF.  HUCKABEE BAD ....  VOTE OBAMA'''''  VOTE OBAMA',1
'No matter who is elected, the Plutocrats still win.',1
'So instead of teaching kids to be kind and show love through actions (and hugging is a very universal way of showing affection is it not?) they want them to learn these things by watching a show on TV and posting on facebook or texts?...hands off that way. \r\n \r\nAnd who are these freak parents saying that hugging was injuring their children?\r\n \r\nI feel so sorry for kids today, I mean, it's tragic really, and this kind of environment is doing nothing but producing problems.... :( and I feel lucky that when I was a kid I was free to be, well, a kid!',1
'She is running for a political office. Therefore everything she says, thinks and does represents her political beliefs, thoughts and behavior.',1
'You're acting like this kid hacked into the turtle with a machete. What he did was harmless and has been done for hundreds of years. Think about it. When scientists tag an animal it's MUCH more invasive and does cause pain but that's ok.\r\n\r\nMaybe you need to think before you go making ridiculous accusations without any knowlege on the matter...Moron...',1
'Hey Kroeger,\r\nyou must be caucausian....for the record everyone does not hate Obama.....but Mitt is an typical rich white man....who dependly can't relate to poor people, or other races....but that is ok...if you are white....and rich also....',1
'Its not that they are out of style it is the fact that you can get the same look made by others (Bear Paw, etc) that are extremley cheaper and just as good. :o}',1
'LMAO @Aconcerned American ........ because you call yourself "a concerned American", that ALONE should mean you care.',1
'Flipped over to Fox....The Five \r\n I don't know his name but this guy on FIVE  said this    "making a joke about Obama is like making a Joke about Muhammad. and they would RIOT over a joke"..... \r\n How many Democrats do Main Stream Republican think  would Riot , much less over a  JOKE...If that was the CASE there would have been a major RIOT almost 4 years ago......FOX NEWS has GOT TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!  What in the hell is this netwrok trying to do, Are they insurgents, trying to divide and conquer for PROFIT......I have to wonder what country they are WORKING FOR.....This NEWS NETWORK IS DESPICABLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!.  .  ARE THEY INSURGENTS.....WHO DO THEY REALLY WORK.   FOR..???????????????  ​ ????????????????????  ​ ??????????',1
'The thing that everyone is ignoring is that unions have high training standards. So, when some back woods yahoo comes along and says he is a utility worker, he might have no training. For those of you that don't know anything about electricity If the guy next to you screws up it could cost you your life. And, No I have never worked in a union. I am just not ignorant.',1
'"Yes, as a matter of fact I am a gay muslim!"',0
'I Heard It Was Ink Poisoning.?',1
'False.  Gore did not buy "beachfront" property.  You're repeating nonsense without looking it up.  He bought property several kilometers from the beach and several HUNDRED feet higher than sea level.  Repeating stupid crap you read on the web is not "research."',1
'love this weather',1
'Bloomberg is loosing it.!  He has to be the worst Mayor NYC has had in years.',1
'But you CAN contol whether you have kids.  Surprisingly enough, it's called "birth control".  You CHOSE to have kids, so don't cry about it now.',1
'i don't care, baby killer. you pick.',1
'an orange... bless the old lady though she didnt know what the date was and felt bad she didnt have candy to hand out so she just snaged what she had handy.',0
'LMFAO Good one!',1
'Hey blamee.... \r\nNOBODY placed the population anywhere.......peopl  ​ e, at least for now, are FREE to live where they want.  Many chose the coast.  They will suffer the consequences, then freely decide to stay or leave. \r\nThat's the price of freedom.  Many nitwit "I know what's best" types will scream for laws, taxes, and other ways to force and control peoples choices on movement.  To the extent that they succeed, we loose as a free people.',1
'Where is Chuck Norris?!\r\nThe zombies would bite him and turn back into humans',1
'Doggymom... \r\n  \r\nThat name is pathetic.  You're not a mother to a damn dog.  That's an insult to real parents. \r\n  \r\nIf you have actual children, I feel sorry for them.',1
'Do you mean women in general, or the Chinese?',0
'Hopefully Obama will go back to Kenya after he loses.',1
'I think ALL cats are cute',1
'Since when do they go hunting the winners down? \r\n  \r\nWhat happened to "You snooze, you lose !?"',1
'My best friend tell me she wedding a biker! They met via  \r\n[rider add dating]  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. Maybe you wanna check it out.',0
'O\r\nB\r\nA\r\nM\r\nA\r\n\r\n\r\nB\r\nI\r\nD\r\nE\r\nN\r\n\r\n\r\n2\r\n0\r\n1\r\n2',1
'Dufus brings race into a topic that has nothing to do with race, Typical\r\n\r\nDesperate measures for the democraps.',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',1
'Is he mean muggin' us?',1
'Please shave.',1
'And The drug companies are the ones who really wanna stop marijuana uses because it reduces the amount of cancer causing drugs they sell to the people! and the drug companies control the government. if u dont see the truth in this ur too young or too gullible in thier total B.S.',1
'msn does not reconize any southern right to work states, fellow traveler',1
'William DAWSON:  Are you trying to tell all of us that   ALL THE POWER  has been restored to N Y & N J  Wheneverything we see on T V and on the INTERNET still has the POWER COMPANY PEOPLE SAYING THAT IT MAY BE 11 DAYS before ALL POWER IS RESTORED !!  JUST HOW STUPID DO YOU THINK WE ALL ARE.  YOU HAVE GOT TO BE THE BIGGEST LYING UNION JACKASS IN HISTORY !!!!!',1
'To Cute!!!!!!',1
'Boy I bet you are a good one too. Seems like you have some serious anger issues. Real parents teach their children love and compassion for all things. Glad I am not your kid!',1
'hell to the no!!! and get rid of the electoral college vote too!!!',1
'And all Righties are not Right. \r\nAt least not all the time. \r\n\r\nPlease go see a shrink.',1
'Those numbers are CLEARY "off"....Everyone knows that no one SUCKS more than Romney.',0
'GoBlue here is some good info conditions during that time period were similar to today. \r\n  \r\nPacific Ocean Cooling Atlantic Warming  Reoccurring Natural Phenom \r\n  \r\nwww.pnas.org/content  ​ /101/12/4136.abstrac  ​ t   *U.S. Geological Survey, Denver Federal Center, MS 412, Denver, CO 80225; ‡Midwestern Regional Climate Center, Illinois State Water Survey, 2204 Griffith Drive, Champaign, IL 61820; and §U.S. Geological Survey, Desert Laboratory, 1675 West Anklam Road, Tucson, AZ 85745    \r\nEdited by Inez Y. Fung, University of California, Berkeley, CA, and approved January 12, 2004 \r\n\r\n \r\nMore than half (52%) of the spatial and temporal variance in multidecadal drought frequency over the conterminous United States is attributable to the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) and the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO). An additional 22% of the variance in drought frequency is related to a complex spatial pattern of positive and negative trends in drought occurrence possibly related to increasing Northern Hemisphere temperatures or some other unidirectional climate trend. Recent droughts with broad impacts over the conterminous U.S. (1996, 1999–2002) were associated with North Atlantic warming (positive AMO) and northeastern and tropical Pacific cooling (negative PDO). Much of the long-term predictability of drought frequency may reside in the multidecadal behavior of the North Atlantic Ocean. Should the current positive AMO (warm North Atlantic) conditions persist into the upcoming decade, we suggest two possible drought scenarios that resemble the continental-scale patterns of the 1930s (positive PDO) and 1950s (negative PDO) drought.  \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nwww.stopglobalcoolin  ​ gnow dotcom January 10, 2010 \r\n\r\n \r\nAn excellent analysis article details the natural cycles of both the Atlantic and Pacific Multi-Decadal Oscillations.  The article points to research being done that shows when the ocean currents are in warm phase, the Earth experiences warming.  When they are in cold phase, well, you get the idea. While the rise in CO2 levels may play a part in rising temperatures, it’s a very small part.  Mostly the climate is driven by natural forces. They say the ocean currents could be as much as 50% responsible. \r\nAccording to the US National Snow and Ice Data Centre in Colorado, Arctic summer sea ice has increased by 409,000 square miles, or 26 per cent, since 2007 – and even the most committed global warming activists do not dispute this. \r\nFor example, in 1974, a Time magazine cover story predicted ‘Another Ice Age’, saying: ‘Man may be somewhat responsible – as a result of farming and fuel burning [which is] blocking more and more sunlight from reaching and heating the Earth.’ \r\nCap & Trade and global climate treaties to stop global warming are the wrong approach.  They will cripple already ailing economies and do nothing but redistribute wealth and give power to bureaucrats at the U.N.  It’s hard to know someone’s motives, but it does fit that perhaps that is the real aim.  Not to “save the planet,” (such a lofty sounding goal) but rather to manufacture an issue and use it as a power grab.  Thankfully all of this cold weather is giving a lot of people pause and may help thwart those evil plans.  That is why I am all for global cooling!',0
'oops ... meant to say Cancun.... that was my blond moment... LOL ..but in either case... both are tourism attractions  and generate tourism dollars... and should not some of that money go to the communiy in the surrlounding areas.....',1
'Also, you have misrepresented Fluke who was not seeking BC for herself.   she was seeking that BC be covered by insurance.  The Institute of Medicine recommends this because it has a proven effect on improving the health of mothers and any children born.  See - Fluke is arguing facts; and  you and Bachmann are arguing religion and rumor.',1
'Miss Wong...your obvious 'butch dykery' is showing again...is that all that is employed at PMSNBC?',0
'this needs to be taken off;,  some people will say it's okay because because they have no power and can't see it anyway. how about just give them a time off the net , 60 days 0r more,',1
'Great deal for us. House husband, I would like that role.',1
'The federal government ordered car companies to adjust their mpg ratings a few years ago, car companies were using the top level anyone could get and the government wanted it more in the average. So a lot of mpg's went down even then no one in the north will get the mileage a person in warmer climates will and no one in high latitudes will either. And anyone that believes that these two car companies did this by mistake well I have land on mars I want to sell you.',1
'I agree Mudkips..."people", and I use that term loosely, would rather end up in a head on collision rather than hit a dog thats in their lane...a normal person would not give human rights to animals or hold them in a higher regard than people...someone commented earlier that they would literally kill everyone in that shelter who would "murder" his dog...that is the sickest of the sick, kinda like the person would kill a 10 year old girl and dismember her body...there is a difference between respecting animals and treating them like gods...',1
'way to miss the sarcasm avs10',1
'I just got my **** kicked! Oh well!',1
'That is correct, NEVER admit to anything. This from countless attorneys and police officers. It's like the old trick \r\n"Exuse me did you know the speed limit is 65"? \r\n"I'm sorry I was only going 68" \r\nRight there you've already admited to guilt.  \r\nAnd practically every person I know who's received a speeding ticket, the officer has reduced the reported speed.',1
'Glamour shot people don't allow wrinkles on their foreheads. Nice rack but nothing else to be excited about.',1
'Gee thanks -_-',1
'i told you so,,',1
'Nothing these TWATWAFFLES could do will ever be enough. I say get a lawyer, also, and good luck Matt. I can't imagine the heartbreak you are going through right now. I know I would be a basket case. I am crying now as I type this. Best wishes to you and blessings to Zion.',1
'I think he finally noticed her face rather than the birth of his child...',1
'Your post ignores the examples in this article. Credit cards charging high interest rates and high fees to people just getting the cards clearly aren't penalizing people who don't understand how to use them but everyone who gets them.',1
'@S__T Happens<-- "Needs" it to walk some days....',1
'Royalflush, the Jobs/UE/Employ report  from ADP is not and Indicator...The BLS Report tomorrow is..\r\nBut, don't think " it " makes much difference on QE3, etc..\r\n \r\nGDP, Debt reductions/increases  ​ , Deficit/surplus trading,Inflation readings and Manufacturing numbers; I believe have more effect on QE3 injections ?? IMO.\r\n \r\nThe jobs picture is a "lagging indicator" of all the above; And of course, housing will follow suit after that... But perceptions have been changed drastically in that part of the Economy..again IMO.',0
'Is this thing a woman or transvestite ... or does anyone actually know for sure ....',1
'unfortunately police officers and law enforcement  are often not very inteligent  or helpful, their not nearly the same caliber of  individuals as we have in our armed forces. i belive police should b held to the exact same standard.',1
'what's a matter Riche7556?  can't stand on your own two feet?  need the union teet to suck on?  you are probably worth a buck sixty...',1
'Everyone needs a good laugh and she brings it on.  Poor Michele is a total joke.  Stand up comedy might be in order for her someday.',1
'I applaud those of you who use your intelligence for civil discourse regarding this issue, regardless of your political affiliation.  For those of you who are incapable of civil discourse, you are willing and eager participants in the downfall of humanity, which is as important as the economy, for without it, how do we survive without one another when disasters such as Hurricane Sandy strike?  We should not be living in a dog eat dog world.  We should honor one another as fellow humans, living together on a rock in the universe, not as one person or race superior to another.  From some of these posts, I get the feeling that some of you live with the notion that you are entitled to that feeling of supremacy, and that is **** and you are wrong to think that you are.',1
'typical vet behavior, unfit for real world. when they aren't beating their wives or going on killing sprees they're cross-dressing and beating the snot out of each other.',0
'touchè greengirl:)',1
'40 billion a month, the economy is on methadone.',0
'I meet him in Tulsa at a hotel bar a few years back.  A down to earth nice guy, and a hell of a story teller.  You people who talk about people you've never met are pathetic.',1
'"...and Kids, this is why you never take drugs from anybody  somebody didn't pay attention to the guidance counselor in 8th grade',1
'3xthecharm,\r\n \r\nbut with the majority of women these days,\r\nthey want the biggest diamonds sitting next to that cup of coffee in bed as well.\r\ni dated a girl that would only wait till i got home with the checks so she could go out the next day and screw around on me after i was working up to 16 hours a day, 6 and 7 days a week.',1
'ONLY BOZO THE CLOWN WOULD BACK BOZO THE LIAR/FLOP FLOPPER',1
''Listen, I only called because you're Jesse's girl, and that jerk took my binky at the playground'',1
'"What, Me Worry?"',1
'READ the article! The word vote was NOT the problem,it was her bringing the bible into it,keep your church OUT of my government unless your church starts paying taxes!',1
'Who cares.  Just found out that obama made a deal with the Unions that any help that comes from another state and they are NOT union, cannot help to restore NYC and NJ.  Then the unions will give obama their votes.  What a bunch of low-life's.  People need help, and all they care about is their stinking unions.  That is one other example why I will NEVER join a union.  How corrupt can they get?',1
'face it simon, she has BIGGER BALLS than u.   the kartrashians are useless - more people dislike them than like them.  mario?  cheater he is....  only on tv to keep his name in the public eye.  \r\n \r\nwhen  a charlie brown special, decades old, beat u in the ratings --- is that a hint???',1
'I guess I spoke before really not knowing! It just looked like he was getting gained up on LOL I dont know anything about him. I will keep my eye out for him though. He must be a bad person & No I will never "stand up" for someone like that. Thanks yall :))',1
'Stupid girl! Now come over here to papa and give me some lovin. Yep, I'd kick her out of bed. Easier to roll around on the floor.',1
'In some states it does happen.',1
'He shouldn't respond. The idiot should keep his *ucking mouth shut for a change.',1
'This man is a sh_it face liar and will use any and all opportunity to gain control of the American people.  Is he so dum to need you all republicans to explain what he meant?  Can he not speak on his own?  He is running for presidency...not for head of a tree club.  Let him articulate his own meanings.  A President should be able to communicate effectively with the people.',1
'I have two pairs of Ugg boots and I love wearing them. As long as they keep my feet nice and toasty I could care less if the world thinks they are out of style...',1
'I TRULY, TRULY  , TRULY HATE THIS WHINNY CRY BABY A$$ED PUNK!!!!  iF HE IS ANGRY, HE SHOULD , BE ANGRY AT THE TEAM FOR A LOSING SEASON SO FAR ....!!!',1
'LMAO',1
'Is he going to put on 300 pounds or will he just wear a fat suit?',1
'Eeeehehehehehehe... You must be fat? Why else would you be crying and preaching all at the same time!!!',0
'They should at least postpone it.',1
'Hideously ugly and stupidly overpriced. Only rich fashion victims could wear them. A fashionista is a actually code for a supremely stupid fashion victim who spends too much cash to look ignorant and is belaboring under the delusion that they look HOT.',1
'YOURE GAY',1
'Servers get tipped for service. I have given a good tip to a great server even when the food was messed up. Poor service, no tip. If you dont like it you can suck a doorknob.',1
'Stupid of the year 2012 Trophy winner goes to ...',1
'Bloomberg Endorses Obama, Citing Climate Change \r\n  \r\n  \r\nMr. Bloomberg, a political independent in his third term leading New York City, has been sharply critical of both Mr. Obama, a Democrat, and Mitt Romney, the president’s Republican rival, saying that both men have failed to candidly confront the problems afflicting the nation. But he said he had decided over the past several days that Mr. Obama was the best candidate to tackle the global climate change that the mayor believes contributed to the violent storm, which took the lives of at least 38 New Yorkers and caused billions of dollars in damage.',1
'Good going kid.  I hate getting stung on the balls by jelly fish when I'm swimming in the ocean.',1
'Although Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney was of conscription age during the Vietnam War, he neither was drafted for nor enlisted in the U.S. armed forces at that time. He received a total   \r\n  \r\n of four draft deferments between 1965 and 1970, three for academic studies (i.e., student deferments) and one for serving as a 'minister of religion' while performing Mormon missionary work in France.',1
'Actually Stacy, you sound like the bitter one. In my experience, I've seen highly educated, professional women marry 'less educated' men for some well thought out and specific reasons - or 'standards', if you will. In those cases the women were busy professionals and wanted a guy that had the interest and ability to take more responsibility for the home fires. We're not talking stay at home dads either, these are also educated professional guys with careers but with a willingness to support, even defer to, her career. These are not 'low' standards - ask any woman trying to find the guy that fits this bill. \r\n\r\nFinal note - if we follow your logic through that women are lowering their standards today, we would have to conclude then that, historically, with women 'marrying up', men were lowering their standards.  Is that what you believe?',1
'What, you think that I actuallyu give a rat's A$$ about your problem?',1
'She one hell of an idiot, but I would definitely bone & disown',1
'No. I'm no pimp.',1
'Because the Chinese hadn't invented Turtle Easter yet and no one was looking for them.',1
'Wow yousound so smart',1
'It is brewed in the USA. Just because AB has foreign owners don't confuse that with where the beer is brewed.',1
'Who ????',1
'Why are they Hideous?  They must not be politically correct to the obamanite Media.',1
'nothing? or fail.  jk its both.',1
'seriously dude no one can hear me........just get that s*** and get it to me like NOW',1
'Looks like the right-wing clowns are having a field day here.Unions have served a very big part of the skilled workforce,here and all around the world.Children have been put through college because of a strong prevailing wage.Benefits?Collec  ​ tive bargaining has paved the way for socio-economic elevation for the middle class.Thats just the way it is and thats why Unions will continue to thrive as this recovery\r\nmanifests'.I know,let the investment bankers' pass some more sub-prime derivitive swaps off as daily legitimate buisness,and,we'll be right back where we started 4 years ago.Have fun right-zingers.',1
'I've only not tipped ONCE in my entre life.  We never got our food, an apology or anything.  The manager had to bring our meals, who didn't apologize either.  We didn't leave because we were on vacation in Florida with a hungry three year old.  Almost every server I encounter are courteous, hardworking and polite.  Food servers deserve the tips.  They make under minimum wage and tips make up for that.  That said, I refuse to tip in places like Starbucks, where their job is get me a cup of coffee, while making a decent salary.',1
'That was the last place they looked. They should have looked there first !',1
'Retailers are adding holiday jobs - around 300K of them - we already know that. \r\n I hear now that 2 states are missing from this weeks unemployment numbers - Anyone know if that's true?',0
'We should also make these guys not be able to send their children to private school. Then maybe are educational system will get much better.',1
'So you both had good parents.',1
'Double standard much? There are plenty of women out there who lose interest in sex after having kids, and I can understand that.  I just don't see why this guy should be labeled a "jerk" for the same thing.',1
'I LOVE RICK\r\n--------------------  ​ ----\r\nLadies and Gentlemen of the jury......\r\nI rest my case..',1
'You have the right to keep voting in failure \r\nDoing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result is _i__s__n__y_?\r\nNM Gov Gary Johnson for President\r\nLibertarian Party',1
'Second term, and it's all downhill from here...',1
'you know, somehting that works will always find a niche in the marketplace.  Price cut will be good for business....this footwear has been around since the early 80's....the originals won't go away !',1
'No reason to sue the police for one officer"s incredibly stupid decision.',1
'Hideous? I have a pair of UGG boots and I love them in the cold winter!!!! They keep you warm and snuggley and they work well in country (outdoor) living.  :) BUY THEM UGGS PEOPLE!!!!!',1
'Nope, thankfully.. The Disco Queen look was never my style..',1
'It seems to me that this kind of thing is happening all too often lately, why are these inept, clueless people being held accountable for their actions? An apology, no matter how sincere,would be enough for me. Those deemed responsible for this tragic event should be immediately terminated from their position and the ENTIRE STAFF retrained on how to PROPERLY fill out and file paperwork!!!!',1
'aye aye ayeFone',1
'Zombies don't drink and drive. It must be a mistake.',1
'my mother owned a toyota echo, it was amazing on gas, many owners said they got 45miles/gallon.. but it was discontinued..  the toyota yaris was supposed to replace it and i bought a yaris sedan.. the gas mileage was pretty good.. now i want to buy another yaris sedan but they dont seem to make the sedan model anymore :((( most yaris owners are happy with the gas mileage & get better than the rating.. It matters how you drive the car as well, some can get better mileage by driving with gas mileage in mind..',1
'three tries to cast her vote for Mitt Romney — because the machine kept switching her vote to Barack Obama \r\n  \r\nSounds like a clear case of voter fraud to me.',1
'The biggest problem is the use of ethanol blended gasoline. It takes 1 and 1/2 gallons of ethanol to equal the BTU output of one gallon of regular non blended gasoline. Add to that the ethanol is a 'dry' fuel that accelerates the wear in engine components and you reduce both the life and efficiency of the engine. Now add to that the cost to produce ethanol fuel in regards to the higher use of diesel to produce and deliver the ethanol and you have even more waste. Then as a final condemnation of the use of ethanol it reduces the average mile per gallon efficiency by over one mpg for the average car or truck. Is it any wonder the federal government does not care about the inefficiency since they tax consumption on the gallon of gas you purchase at the pump? The inefficiency raises more money for the government...so they are in the business of preventing higher efficiency to a large extent to make more money to waste on pet projects.  \r\n  \r\nNext',1
'some servers just suck, and there should never be a mandatory tip outside of large parties.',1
'Wow.  Spending $140.00 is ok with her, but you can't leave a tip because your a single mom?  I think she should have thought of that BEFORE she ordered $140.00 worth of food.  I'm sure she could have spent that money in a more productive way.',1
'No , he's a foul mouthed bum .',1
'NONE of us know whether we did a good job planning for retirement until we get there.  I'm doing the best I can at preparing and ready to live with the results.  I'm retiring at an age set point, not a dollar set point.',1
'As a Louisianian, I am very concerned that one of our own retirement systems, would sue an American Iconic company in such a manner. I thought that a retirement fund, would worry more about, how their earnings were appreciating for their retirees, versus other issues that do nothing to bring down the value of shares of the above mentioned company. If they are so worried about labor laws, why don't they just sell the company shares, and buy others instead. I also agree with Just my opinion76, in why not name all company's, not just one. unless, they are looking to win some type of settlement, on their retirees behalves. It so, it goes to show just how greedy people are, about the almighty dollar, and the way they go about getting it.  I wonder if any of their retirees have looked into their boards decisions, on their buying practices lately, what they own, and if any bad decisions were made. If so, that they might be inclined to file suit against the board, to recover any, and all bad investments their board made.',0
'i'm pretty sure 'twi-hards' aren't interested in Dracula..',1
'Sorry, I'm a Dog Guy...I love my Chow/Golden Retriever ("Achiever") Mix like my own Daughter and have very little use for Cats...However, Diversity is what makes the World go 'round...and Chinese Food!',1
'I doubt she will go far with those thunder thighs',1
'You suck See low.\r\n \r\n-Mr. T',1
'Hurricane Sandy? What?  Disaster? What?  I'm in Vegas.',1
'Self - who said anything about weight gain?\r\n \r\nWS - what the sh!t are you talking about? Get over yourself...',1
'Wait King George Did A Lot About Katrina.  He Flew Around in a Hellicopter Laughing at Everyone.  Good Job King George.  Way To; GET ER DONE!     Then The Landing on the Navy Ship;  WE WON THE WAR I STARTED.      Go King George Go.',1
'a marine in a tutu ? and don't ask and don't tell',1
'is Vivica  A. Fox  still acting? LOL',1
'I love Ugg Boots, It's just the price. You can buy the same style just in a off-brand at a way better price. Personally I find Ugg's to be too expensive and in today's economy its just best to find the most reasonable price. I don't quite believe they're going out a style. It's just that the company Ugg is to expensive to even think about',1
'It's the Hand of Jehovah God...Stupid.!!!',0
'wake-up lady..sadly there are ALWAYS going to be those type of "people" out there.there called _ _ _holes....',1
'He's gotten it right before, he's just too stupid to realize he's told the truth.',1
'de-regulation and high fuel cost drove the airlines out of  business',1
'So the whole market panics because of Chevron and Apple?  Didn't this happen 2 weeks ago?????  Seems more like a profit taking day to me and yet Wall Street and MSN will never admit it until after 4:00.  Wall Street is so pathetic it's not even funny!',1
'Yes but in this case the excuse was being a single mom after paying almost $140 for the visit.  If she couldn't afford to tip then she should have been spending that kind of money in a restaurant in the first place.',1
'Good one!!!!!!!!',1
'I fail to see the humor in this writer's article. What if a little kid ate the cocaine before the parents could check it? Not funny at all. In my day the most unusual was a piece of fruit or box of raisins. I did hate it when the person answering the door asked for a trick first.',1
'You're not really only 29 are you Viper? Tell me that was a joke!',0
'HOW ABOUT NONE AT ALL, THAT WOULD BE TRULY REFRESHING !',1
'Way to go Dave!',1
'Yes.  Just cancel it altogether.',1
'Yes I would to try a jigger !!!',1
'Yuengling----what else is there?',1
'She is sooo ugly that on Halloween night, her mom stuck her head out the window to scare the trick-or-treaters and it worked perfectly - no kids came for candies!\r\n \r\nI believe she is the girl that gave America the 'bird' during last year's super bowl half time show.',1
'Romney cant call out Obama on it without sounding heartless so to appeal to women voters he doesnt i assume.\r\n \r\nPersonally i think charges should be brought on everyone involved.',1
'are you all americans for real, when there are so many other important matters to address. why do you all seem to take everything personal. get a live, get a grib, are you all so pius that you all never ever did anything wrong.  stop throwing stones at your neighbour glass windows, because i am sure alot of you all have glass windows also; as said by Bob Marley, "if night should turn to day, alot of us will run away", that includes all of you all you make these "stupidy" comments.  are you all god to judge!!! get a life!!!!! stop being so slanderous!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!',0
'I commend this man. He walks amongst the few. \r\n \r\nWith that said, the city is having the marathon because it generates a lot of money, which it lost during the storm.  While it may seem inappropriate to some, it will help their economy, and that is a very good thing.',1
'Thank God for that. Who would want to be like this clown??',1
'Can we blame the guy for such a non analogist analogy? Come on; think about it, he is not like most of us. Romney has lived a pampered life. He never has, and probably never will, feel the devastation that the victims of Sandy are feeling. He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, went to privet school and got a free ride in collage. When a lot of his peers went, and died in the hell of Vietnam, he was able to get deferments so he could travel Europe and push his religion on others. Poor Romney had to rely on his dad’s inheritance and sell some of the stocks until he was able to provide for himself. The life of Mitt Romney is a life that a vast majority of us will never have or could possibly relate to. Give him a brake, in the life of Mitt Romney, the only analogy that could come to mind, was a messy football field. \r\n  \r\nIs this a surprise to anyone?',1
'Sorry, watching Person of Interest....I will pass, too. \r\nTalk to ya tomorrow.',1
'Nope, not country at all...',1
'@Someone   Agreed. Sadly, they are a minority.  \r\n DISCLAIMER: This post is in no way meant to be offensive to blacks, or persons of any other race, any "minority", non Americans, real or fictional persons,  anyone who spits or does not spit, anyone that reads this post in the coventional manner or uses eletronic aids due to a physical disability, animals and insects despite their number of legs or lack thereof.  But please feel free to hate on me anyway. ;)',1
'None of these synthetic drugs would exist if drugs weren't illegal. \r\n \r\nYou can thank the Federal Government for this. '\r\n \r\nYou'll never stop people from trying to alter their reality. Let them do it legally and safely with tried and true drugs.',1
'"The Fidelity model assumes you need to replace 85% of your final pay..."\r\n\r\nUntil the past decade, this assumed you need 2/3 or 67% of your final pay which I think fits most people who were paying a mortgage until close to retirement and have a mortgage-free home in retirement.\r\n\r\nIn retirement I don't have the mortgage, I'm not saving for retirement, I'm not paying FICA, a significant amount of my retirement income is shielded from taxes, I don't have work related costs, I have more time to comparison shop and cook my own meals, etc.\r\n\r\nOn the other hand, some people have significantly higher health costs because they lose their employer's insurance but fortunately Medicare Advantage or Medicare B & D with supplemental insurance keeps costs from being catastrophic.  Fortunately for me, my insurance premiums are effectively 75% subsidized by the current workers, not the company, and that's a better guarantee they won't be cut at some point: the current workers know they'll need retirement insurance themselves.',1
'You are right....we should turn navychief in....if he is in the navy he just committed TREASON. \r\n If he is not it is also a felony to impersonate a chief in the militrar',1
'Hey Paul z: You checked it out. What does that say about you. Clean your own house up before you bitch about the condition of someone else's.',1
'HAHAHA. There are not any similarities between the songs. What a joke.',1
'Team Romney Admits “Relief” Event Was Staged for Political Reasons \r\nI also found this part of the story fascinating. The Romney campaign admits that the intent behind the rally was swing state election visibility, not hurricane relief: \r\n \r\nBut Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "oppotunity" to exploit.',1
'LOL\r\nThese sound like porn movie titles\r\n1 - Gonna bang you senseless (with my meaty shaft)\r\n2 - You must be blind (if you think I'm a virgin)\r\n3 - Requiem for a (porn) starlet\r\n4 - Lip sync stink (hole)\r\n5 - Fill me up (with c*m)',0
'A HIGH PRICE TAG ONLY MEANS MORE EXPENSIVE NOT BETTER',1
'Recycling old articles again Boing?  (and yes, I spelled that right)',1
'As one of Irish decent and having been over to Ireland on 5 different occasions I can honestly say drinking and exchanging philosophical conversation blends well together with the Irish. More so due to when "the pour" of The Guinness is good. If you've been over and drank The Guinness when the CO2 is set just right along with the bartender has just brushed and cleaned the tap lines the Guinnes that flows then is some kind of drug. It really takes over your senses and if maintained at a good steady pace one can get in this euphoric state of high intelligence with the locals..',1
'Why is this happening so often?  I don't know how I would handle it but I know that I would be pissed.',1
'A lot of people don't want rescue dogs.  I suspect that a lot of customers will just head out to the suburbs to buy those puppies.',1
'How can anyone hate cats?  My 2 are hilarious.',1
'Too Sick 2 Swag  \r\nHe didn't bow. \r\n--------------------  ​ ----------\r\nYour right.... It was more of a curtsey...',1
'I feel, like Kobe is getting to old, he is still cute but, I dont know, he is not the rock star he used to be!',1
'Thank god! These are the ugliest boots to ever be created. I’ll never understand why they became so popular. They make the base of your foot look like giant boats and add a ton of visual weight to your calves. Maybe to save their company Ugg should consider re-designing and re-vamping their line to include more stylish varieties. They are supposedly top quality and very warm – these boots just need a style overhaul!',1
'media = union\r\n \r\nIt doesn't take einstein to figure out that theyre scared Reps will win and will do anything they can to prevent it.',1
'if i had the odd number of pimples on my butt,\r\ni would get a small amount of the amenities as you get for you just claiming to be deserving of something just because you choose to speak a language other than English.\r\n \r\nbut when i file my tax returns,\r\nthey ask what race i am,\r\nmaybe if i claim to be something other than white,\r\ni could get what i have worked for all my life, but is given to those of you who claim to be so deserving of everything just because i farted and left a skid mark.\r\n \r\nit's ironic that the country that is nicknamed as the melting pot has affirmative action laws that place some people ahead of others because of the color of their skin,\r\nand the language they choose to speak,\r\ndisregarding everyone else.',1
'I would have had my essentials before hand and wouldn’t be wasting my money on iHype mini.  Where is the line for people wanting to help there neighbor?',1
'iron rods? last time i checked it was wooden stakes..',1
'no,i do not.global warming is the result of MAN punching a hole in the ozone layer & continually disrupting the ecosystem....we reap what we sow....',1
'I'm not sure - people without homes need rooms - business owners need marathoners money including restaurants, etc.   What to do  about peple from overseas who may have non-refundable tickets?  Hard to be fair to all.  See to Staten Island first and BTW - now they know how Katrina victims felt.  Ignored !!!',1
'They always ask you if you know how fast you were going, and my experience is that it's been inconsistent whether they want you to say yes or no; I've gotten out of tickets claiming ignorance sometimes, and sometimes have gotten out by admitting that I was going as fast as they clocked me. I completely agree with the idea that you don't give lip to the man! It's amazing to me how people don't know that - even as a rich white boy, I do that; if you're driving a piece of crap car or if you're a minority, you should be even more deferential! And yeah, it's not "fair" - who cares? He's got the power to make your life hell - give him the respect he wants!',1
'Well y'know...they say that sometimes when God answers our prayers, it's "No."\r\nI'm pretty sure this one was "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  ​ OOOOOO!!!"',1
'This ain't coutry music  It is commercially canned-pop music!!!  Real country music is Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Hank Williams, Emmylou Harris, The Flatlander's.  CMA hasn't even inducted Hank Williams into the hall of fame  Please, HANK IS COUNTRY MUSIC!!!!!',1
'People just love to complaint, there is work out there you just need to look for it, it wont come to you.',1
'i got a mushroom lolli-pop!',1
'I have to admit this is not his best picture, but he is doing fine.',1
'What kind of a sick bastard, cop or otherwise, points a deadlly weapon at a kid? He should be made an example of; fired, sued, jailed, and publically flogged. THESE ARE THE IDIOTS THAT ARE SUPPOSED TO BE PROTECTING US!',1
'I think this guy sleeps with his hands under the covers !!!',1
'Keep the ethanol out of the fuel and everyone would get better mileage.',1
'"You know that Bernanke is there until 2014, right?  And it's not like there's much in the way of fiscal stimulus happening right now.  That's the reason Bernanke is being so hamfisted about it.  It's broad policies that are trying to activate remote segments of the market.  The Fed can't create demand, only enable demand that's priced out of the market.  Fiscal policy can create demand."\r\n\r\nYep.  But the Fed's policies can discourage and punish SAVING.  And promote MORE BORROWING.  Which is what got us here in the first place.\r\n\r\nHopefully Romney can boot Ben early.',1
'What does RobMoney have?  Hmmm, $5,000 campaign funded supplies purchased from Walmart on the back of a truck.',1
'I know this should not be funny, but I can't stop laughing my **** off! The irony of it all...Damn that is fricken funny! God please help me, Please..... Thank you god, Crunch! Oh.. Oh.. 3 mil should cover it. Frickin religious nuts use God when it suits them!',0
'Super dyr ble suge på en big fat dick .... Deretter dick spratt åpne og fylt ham opp som en hake .... Hold suger ... At Lang ... fett .... vanskelig .... lilla ... Penis ..... Super dyr suger dick ...',0
'How many times is this same situation in the news?! We're not talking about someone's lost dog who is not claimed in time, we're talking about shelters aware of the situations! There is gross oversight in too many shelters, and they are in serious need of reform. Offering a new pet free of charge is simply distasteful and rude. They are pets, family to many, and can and should not be treated and replaced like inanimate objects.',1
'I can type over 85 wpm and I have been reporting like crazy.........no worries CK',1
'welcome to Obama`s America',1
'they have this lame tradition in england too? what a pity.',1
'the only time i didn't leave a tip was when the waitress ignored me my mother and my brothers girlfriend spending the whole meal flirting with my dad and brother. I liked the face she made when she put the bill down by my brother and saw me pick it up. She knew she wasn't getting a tip.',1
'Mean_Gene_.Perhaps you should see a shrink about your delusional state!',1
'let's not see this elephant as only its physical appearance but the spirit who is taken this body, and who tries to communicate with human in a fun way. We all forgot that God is fun, as what we are originally.',1
'Let me guess.....you are a man!',1
'i would definately like to see more star wars movies. to the guy saying  the cinamatic classic may be tarnished. wtf its a movie! how is a new one gonna tarnish the originals. dousche cannoe! if new new ones flop then dont watch them.',1
'With Global warming they are not necessary. Deckers needs to develop a Ugg sandal!',1
'4th amendment.  Wonder if the judge doesn't understand what this says or why it was put into (what we call) The Bill of Rights?',1
'Felony child endangerment? You work for the government, don't you? I bet'cha you're a Democrat, too. How do you feel about the abortion issue?',1
'LMAO dr. Doesn't matter if she's great in the sack. Just the point of doing her and brag about it to my buddies.',1
'I don't care what brand of car you own/drive the mileage depends on your type of driving,(ie) slow/fast starts,how you approach a trafic light and the speed driving on Interstate highways and country roads or the use of the cruse control on level or hilly roads. I get 35/36 mpg on our 2011 Chev at 60mph or below, at 65 or above it drops to28mph.',1
'Sunčano u Kikindi !',1
'Silence is golden.',1
'-or-\r\nPretty sad when people with such a lack of respect for Freedom Of Speech are being allowed to write things as seen from their views.',1
'Gee, sounds like you just made a bad choice in a wife. Not all women are like that just like not all men are hateful idiots.',1
'I think the zoo fumes have gotten to ya diz.  Bud is still an AMERICAN company and responsible for creating 10's of thousands of good paying AMERICAN jobs.  From the AMERICAN grain farmer through the entire brewer / wholesaler system to the retailer and finally to John Q Public taste "BUD's". \r\n  \r\nThink about the whole process and how many people and businesses are impacted by this AMERICAN company. \r\n  \r\nSecondly, the Busch family did NOT sell out.  Ever hear of a hostile corporate take-over?  It was not the Busch's to own or sell.',1
'He took offense to wearing a uniform in a wheelchair?  Huh???   \r\n I guess maybe he took offense to the idea of someone dressing up as a paralyzed soldier for Halloween.  That part's understandable, but obviously there's no excuse for immediately reacting with violence, and for not stopping to consider the possibility that maybe he really was a paralyzed soldier.',1
'Laurel,  \r\nI assure you NO ONE is trying to persuade you to vote for the other guy.  However, you live your financial life the way the current administration does, and I'll follow my own financial path...contact me in 4 years we'll see who's better off.',1
'The leading cause of traffic deaths is too fast for condtions.  I guess this young man did not realize that drivng was a priviledge that should be treated with respect.',1
'"An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools" - Ernest Hemingway',0
'Yes of course I'd try it. Why not, it's Jack Daniels',1
'Also maybe you should re-read the article, it clearly states that people in several states have confirmed they were turned away.',1
'Still disappointed that Scotty did not perform at the CMA Award 2012!',1
'She needs to uglify a little more. Minaj is so ugly I cringe everytime I see her picture',1
'I had a hey wait a minute moment, then ohhh yeah. You're right. Good answer VAvet. :)',0
'Actually you need over 200,000 just to keep up with the retirees and population growth.  Baby boomers are retiring at the rate of over 6000 a day.',1
'Hearing from a good source, Bloomy is having thousands of cardboard spectators, and well wishers to cheer on the marathoners because theyre not cry babies about the impending cold and lack of fuel.  \r\n\r\nTrusted source.',1
'Signature was written with a finer tipped pen than the rest of the writing.   Also, the printing and cursive were written by two different people.   Looks like three different people were involved.',1
'What the h€ll are you talking about? What, are you bipolar? Have anger issues?or are you just dumb? 1. Ya, this is just a comment thread......so I made a comment. 2. Do you call everyone a d bag who comments on your posts? No? Oh, I see,it must be because I called you out on your ridiculous comment, and you were offended. So I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. 3. Next time, try and stay on task, and post your comment on the thread I posted on, instead of posting a  rebuttal on some other random thread.  Oh, and P.S. being called a d bag loses its sting when you call everyone and their dog one. So if you reply, why not grow a wrinkle and come up with something fresh and new. Maybe double your vocabulary and learn a new word.',1
'Ethically and morally this is wrong. I must say , the writing on the wall does not match, it is too hasty to judge if this is a propaganda to blast a single mom for not tipping. Waitresses and waiters rely on the tips for their pay so if you are going out and you get the best service, it is but right to give them the 20 percent... if you are hard up , then do not go out, unless somebody invited you for free and they are footing the bill. Moral conscience should guide one, but not all have that nowadays even the one who put this out as a show or is this really true? Well you caught my eye, you did your purpose , am I right? Get on living righeously, please?',1
'YOUR GODDAMN RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!',0
'yup, but we are talking a diffrent time and age back then. Late 70's early 80's.\r\nConcerts were great places for passing around joints.',1
'Romney who??????',0
'Go get a book about handwriting analysis.  Actually it is a very fascinating subject.  The handwriting does not look at all like a woman’s handwriting, but looks so much like a man’s hand writing.  Also the handwriting is very inconsistent; at least two different people’s handwriting.  Also the sign of a liar and/ or inconsistency is printing and cursive in the same sentence.',1
'Awwww...how Christian of him , punish the church ! As far as the priest in being negligent , if he had told him NO ,you can't clean it , then he probably would have sued for that  , saying  he was denying him of    .... some kind of "made up right " !!!! And  let's not forget about the $7,000 dollars given to him by his fellow people !! Oh , and yes , he CAN still work !!! You ain't  getting off that easy !! They make prosthetic legs all day long !!!!!!!!!!! Where there's a will , there's a way , slick !',0
'The Bible has NO PLACE in politics. Sure it should count as electioneering. The problem with religion and Gods, is their are a whole bunch of both and there followers are all sure there God is the right one. Don't try to legislate your morals on everyone, keep your religions in your church, synagogue, or mosk. Where they belong.',1
'@Wow and they said he quit using grass, another lie.',1
'Yeah Dorf, when and where?',1
'she doesn't even know she is doing it?',1
'Can anyone find anything positive to say for either candidate?',1
'These stupid rules are here in the states too.  My daughter got yelled at for hugging her best friend that lost a pet.  INSANE.  This PC crap has got to go.',1
'and if you scare away enough people, you can rest assured that you will never reproduce.',1
'mmmm i havent trick or treated in 40 years but looks like next year im going to england.hope they hand out some good weed also!',1
'Was that song supposed to be good?',1
'I was raised in Australia (where the term Ugg boots comes from), this was just one company's attempt to make money by charging outrageous prices for something that should really only cost $20.',1
'Lose the weight!!!',0
'Yes the Star Spangled Banner is our National Anthem, yes it is one of the hardest song to sing, and yes this rendition of it was not great, but we have all heard worse. With all of that said, there is one important line in that song that makes it OK  to sing it your way; " And the Land of The Free.',1
'The biggest assumption you'll probably make is that your income / earnings / investments will be enough to carry you through retirement to death.\r\n\r\nThe reality is that retirees find that they didn't anticipate gas would double ($2-$4), or taxes continue to go up because of voted bond debts, or healthcare costs rise so quickly as you age and require more medications / health aids / assistance.\r\nThe retirement of the baby boomers is unprecedented with 1/4 of the total US population being over the age of 65 within the next 15 years. This will cause a large demand for those goods and services that are required to manage the problems of the aged. Inflationary factors will be amplified as demand will exceed supplies / services available. The costs for providing these necessities of the aged could possibly rise exponentially, exceeding normally prudent planning and saving for a historically "normal" retirement.\r\nThe same factors that caused the nickel candy bar to become the dollar candy bar will be felt in all sectors and services. The government will be overwhelmed by the seer volume and won't be able to pay for all this extra expense of supporting so many seniors.\r\n\r\nTo financially plan for this will be daunting at best.  The best recourse is to be over prepared financially than under, or face possible poverty in your twilight years.',1
'I am so tired of hearing this lame a$$ idea that the ocean ISN'T OUR DOMAIN TOO and we have no business in it as we are NOT a sea creature. The whole world is our domain. Especially if you are truly a Darwinist you believe that we evolved from the sea. On this premise alone (which I do not adhere to) we have the right to be at, on and in the ocean too. GIMMEE A BREAK!!!!!!!!',0
'I would vot NO!! \r\n  \r\nIt's a ligit business to breed and resell pets and many people's income depend on it. \r\n  \r\nWhat happened to freedom of enterprise in this country?',1
'Let's give obumbler a "ticket"   ( Pink slip! ) Your'e fired! Bitch!',1
'This is one of the saddest things I've heard of lately.  Unions are nothing but corrupt and rotten to the core.  These poor people need help desperately and the only thing they could think about is "are they union workers."  Shame on them.  I'd be really ashamed to belong to a union.',1
'I am very sorry for your loss.',1
'i think Uggs are cool, they keep me warm. maybe they should lower the prices a bit...or a lot.',1
'Amen, Kathy, especially on the Starbucks thing.  I have seen tip jars at the dry cleaner, at an auto repair place, at many cash registers... anywhere there's an opportunity to embarrass someone into cracking open their wallet.  Waiters: 20%.  Starbucks: 0.',1
'Right on for you Stacy!! You have a good weekend!',1
'I remember Heillemann's Old Style beer.  Is it still available?.  Really was not bad beer.',1
'Im interested in this, please email me! thank you',1
'doubtful, he has a gun remember?',1
'She actually DRASTICALLY improves that still from Pearl Harbor.',1
'"Jokes on you America and i'm the only one laughing."',1
'Crappy service get nada from me. You want a gratuity? Then make me grateful.',1
'why would anyone care what those people do? why are we so eager to be angry?',1
'WHY COULDN'T THIS HAPPEN TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',0
'Good for him, He most likely would noy have married the dog if she hadn't had wolrk done.  Kid loses out, but who really cares, it's China',1
'Cyclops, I could be wrong, but it sounds like the song you heard was "Merry Go 'Round" by Kacey Musgraves, which I'm fairly enamored with as well.  I posted a link to the video here a couple of weeks ago - here it is again so you can check:\r\n\r\nhttp://www.youtube.c  ​ om/watch?v=iJjeWDvh6  ​ J0',1
'"Free workouts!  Play basketball for free in a local park!"\r\n \r\nWHO WRITES THIS CRAP?  DID SOMEONE ACTUALLY GET PAID TO WRITE THIS CRAP?  MSN SUCKS THE BIG WANG....THIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOO LAME!',0
'actually it's the women "marrying down".',1
'Ran out of candy so I gave out oatmeal.',1
'SUE THE COP? You apparently seem to want to justify this officers action. This moron never should have been in law enforcement or the Public Safety Dept. I cannot under any circumstance see justification for what was done to this child. If this officer had pulled his service weapon and done the same action, we would be commenting on a deliberate homicide. Top to bottom evaluations are going to happen and the New Mexico public is going to pay for retraining, lawsuit settlements and diminished general-fund services.',1
'Bush/Cheney really screwed up the economy... The effects are still being felt 4 years later... President Obama have steered the economic ship of state away from the rocky shores where Bush/Cheney ran aground, and steered it back on course in deep blue water and he has five sheets to the wind... The economy is growing across all sectors... All economic news is positive news... The big house middle classers who vote Republican just can't accept the fact that President Obama has fixed the economy despite Mitch McConnell and all the Republicans obstructing, blocking, filibustering and doing everything they can to destroy American and destroy the lives of as many middle class Americans as possible...  On Novenber 7, We the People will move forward and re-elect President Obama and put an end to the Republican's anti-American folly...',1
'Rosanne has been banging ur mother.',1
'glam my baalz...\r\n\r\nstill waiting on the zombie apokolypse',1
'Neither did Nagin- WHO WAS THERE!!!  Chocolate City Mayor- What a joke.',1
'Llist,\r\nthere aren't many people willing to admit to your statement,\r\nbecause that would make some of them feel a little bit of guilt for claiming to deserve so much.',1
'Did she publically perform her ad at a polling site?  Or wear a t shirt with that slogan when she went to vote?\r\n \r\nNo.  She did not.  So you have absolutely no argument here.',1
'When my son was playing soccer in school I had a pair that I wore all the time to keep my toes from freezing at the games and practices both in the spring and the fall.  I agree that they aren't very attractive, but they sure are warm!!  I have to say, though, that I don't understand the girls who wear them in the middle of the summer with shorts or swim suits...',1
'Climate change (global warming?) has always been the case. Try to keep up, the whole issue is whether that change is man-made, of which there is no defining answer.',1
'tasteless',1
'In Michigan i use to talk my way out of speeding tickets ALL the time.  The cops were usually gearheads and if you could be friendly and get them talking about hot rods or old muscle cars they'd give you a warning at the end of it all.  In the state of Washington, forget it...the cops there are all relatives of Robocop and will give you a ticket (my personal experience) no matter what you do, lol.',1
'Labor laws can just as easily be undone.\r\nWitness how easy it was to institute NAFTA, et al.\r\nWitness how effortless it was for the Rs to push through Gramm Blilley etc.\r\nWitness how smooth operators can just yell "Muslim" and "not born here" and how many are inducted with false beliefs, without bothering to investigate them.\r\nWitness how many are turned by simple slogans and engineered phrasing.\r\nWitness how much is gained financially to the top tiers using "shock doctrines". \r\n\r\nYes, labor laws are the codified results of the society's willingness to set things right and assist labor to share in the fruits of their labors.  But they can just as easily be abrogated should our collective incentives be poisoned, such as is happening now with the campaign to denigrate public and private unions, not to mention  public employees and especially, teachers.  \r\n\r\nVigilance is still key to maintaining labor rights and protections.',0
'spoiler alert!!!',0
'Fascinating...where did you get your facts?\r\n \r\nI'm a Trooper and just feel the need to counter some of your claims...call me crazy.\r\n \r\n1. Never have I (or any officer I know) received training on making a contact last at least/greater than 20 minutes.  In fact, in my academy, we were trained to not take more than 20 minutes on a contact receiving a ticket.  If we took longer, we got punished for it (i.e. grade points reduced, pushups, etc.).  I now have my contacts down to 8-10 minutes for warnings.\r\n \r\n2. I cannot speak for other officers, but I know of no other Trooper in my agency that began writing more citations due to the economy.  We have no quota.  We could go entire months without writing a ticket (if that were possible) and not hear a thing about it.  Perhaps it is possible in some smaller local agencies.  My concern is traffic safety.  When crashes are the #1 cause of death for 18-35 year olds, I don't care who you are, you're getting a ticket, if you're going fast enough, and have no good reason for it (my ticket cutoff being 12 mph on highways and 15 mph on certain, paved county roads, for me).  Bringing me to my last point...\r\n \r\n3.  I have never known any officer to not give a ticket to an "attractive" person. I have written many "attractive" women, tickets, and have never reduced to a warning because of beauty. We are doing our job, not meeting singles.  That would not be faithful to our oath.  I'm not so blind to say it has never happened, but not on the grand sweeping scale you portray in your comment. That's Hollywood's interpretation of what we do.\r\n \r\nBTW, if what you say in your last sentence is true, and not born out of the movies...did it occur to you that these women, who say they repeatedly got breaks on traffic stops, may be lying to you in an effort to keep their fagile self-image afloat?',1
'So people actually DO work where they comefrom.',1
'"Hoarders", while sad, fascinates me.  I don't mind it.',1
'Whoa Man !!!!! Tell your make-up people that you dont like looking like a Drag queen Seth......',0
'YOU are a wise owl....pay no attention to the vultures and buzzards, sir.',1
'Getting married to someone because you actually love them as a person rather than as a body part(s) or bank account or premarital sexual mistake.',1
'I love these boots! They are not very attractive but the majority of people who owns one knows they are very warm and comfortable.....I would buy more if it was not so expensive....',1
'Simpsons sucks a55',1
'I would have beat the snot out of the sorry excuse of a human being the  shelter director',1
'I realize this show had been planned for quite awhile but couldn't help think about those suffering in the New England states as the CMA was being aired; the deaths, loosing their homes. . .   I didn't watch a lot of the show but I so hope that their plight was at least mentioned, even if it was just asking those at the awards and those watching from home to please help in anyway they can.  \r\n  \r\nI did watch The Voice this past week and after watching just a "little" bit of the awards, I can't believe Blake Sheldon wouldn't choose a contestant to go forward because of her song choice (an old rock song).  Prior to this song she  was the best  County singer that has been on The Voice.',1
'Bloombum.  Instead of Bloomberg.  You are very average at name calling.',1
'an M.S. in chemical engineering trumps anything poli sci or liberal arts.',1
'New Jersey? A hurricane in Jersey? Do I care about New Jersey?',1
'Giuliana has no right bashing anyone....this is coming from the same person who isn't even taking care of her own child...nannies and a baby nurse...wth is that anyway....what next an in house doctor. Come one...that MTV show is not to glorify these young ladies, it's just the opposite. It's to show the struggles and hardship these girls go through. This is coming from the same woman who thinks she can go on play dates in 5in heels and push a stroller...lol..Ranc  ​ ic your a joke. AND PLEASE PPL THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HER ILLNESS WHICH I BELIEVE IS HORRIBLE. I'M SPEAKING ON HER COMMENTS TOWARDS THE SHOW AND HOW OTHERS CAN ALSO JUDGE HER.',1
'First of all, it is pretty tasteless. However, what's more tasteless is that ugly outfit that she is supposed to be modeling...looks like it's right off the rack at Walmart!',1
'No glamour, just lack of respect for others' misfortune. As many others have mentioned, why don't they go help instead of wasting time showing how plus-size women can pose next to wreckage.',1
'The only "slizzy" people I know of are republicans.',1
'what is our world coming too, this kind of crap needs to stop, we need to stop schools for stupid rules. All of us that have been in school that are adults in our 40,50,60 I feel are more well rounded becasue we could hug, we played out side....lets go back old school',1
'I agree that Brad and Carrie did a nice, and often funny, job. But the music by and large just isn't country any more. Save for pop music awards and bring back real country. I guess Johnny Cash really is dead.',1
'in every state the minimum wage is set at the ferderal level.  if a waitress does not earn the minimum wage in tips, the employer MUST make up the difference.',1
'College grads have a bad time getting a job? My wife and I have 4 of those grads and all had jobs before they graduated. They started working when they were 14 and given good guidance that has lasted into adulthood. \r\nWe are proud of all of our children.',0
'Mormons are not tolerant of other religions. Mitt has carefully omitted this fact.',1
'You know the last sentence of the paragraph was completely unnecessary.',1
'Something to think about ....these are human beings ...CHILDREN who are alive and deserve the same rights of existing as all of us. Think now.....THINK.....Is  ​  this an example of Mitt Romney's investments or the so called way he turns a compan'sy loss to profits.  You have to be consistent in your thoughts this is an act of infamy against children. You have to see what Romney has done in the past not what he says with his fast talking lies of how he cares about getting jobs....yeah  to abused children or outsourcing penny labor. To me he is a scary Damian.',1
'I love the Boots but hate the prices. Of course sales are going down, who has 150+ to drop on a single pair of boots?',1
'By the way, im 16 years old :) Forgot that detail',1
'THE TITLE SHOULD BE ONLY THE STUPID BELIEVE IN GLOBAL WARMING!',1
'Because they feel they have the right to because they are really rich.',1
'God mandated?   Huh, and here I was thinking it was paul that kept saying that dumb crap.  Couldn't find it anywhere else in the Bible.',1
'Listen up eTrade baby.  I told you never call me here.',1
'If you have enough money for $140 meal, then you can afford a tip. Waitresses make very little hourly wage and depend on that money to survive.  No single mother I know, would spend $140 on one meal, unless they were a rich single mother. If that was the case, then the non-tipping just makes you a selfish biotch. Either way, she was out of line.',1
'I love Datsun's.... Smooth ride... I'll spend a few thousand on another one',0
'@ 24K.....  No.... Coke was George W's drug of choice... i know, it's hard to keep all of this country's CRAP presidents in order',1
'The real photos are insanely tasteless. The memes however are hilarious! Just wish they had one of her idiot a$$ posing in that iconic picture of the monk who lit himself on fire. Can't remember exactly what he was protesting tho... little help?',1
'KKK - is that a euphemism for  Rabid, Racist Righty?\r\n If so, you got the letters wrong....or maybe not.',1
'What?  Michelle Duggar is not Nayda Suleman? Thank God!',1
'OH BROTHER !',1
'you haven't seen anything yet just wait the body count is going to get higher, generators stolen, food and water stolen, give them another 3-5 days of this there will be guns shots',1
'"Haterz gon' hate!"',1
'i better fix my typing errors , or the next complaint is that i do no know how to type, or spell ... oh my , my... "for anyone to sit here  and say she is jealous...." she is not',1
'None of these articles ever make any sense. There are so many variables and assumptions in them and you are trying to use it over a 30-50 year period it is just silly. I agree you need to think about saving for retirement as early as possible but besides that there is really not much you can do. the 10% rule is a good start. 1/2 of all bonuses and raises added on to that is another. If you do this you should come close. After that you will just have to adjust your life style to you income when the time comes.',1
'yup just saw the whole story ,she was not pregnant  i cant believe msn posted this the way they did',1
'I empathize with the guy, I refused to go in the delivery room for the birth of my children. I don't wanna see it, but thanks anyway.',1
'I didnt take it the wrong way :) I know exactly what you mean! \r\nHahahahaa!! Hope you have a good day also ;-)',1
'Because the watering hole wasn't "Intelligently designed"?\r\n \r\nPeace and long life to all.',1
'Ummm..not sure if I want to hear that annoying Kardashian voice on my FAVORITE show the X-Factor...',1
'"Screw you I got the best ride". "Blow me".',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',1
'Why in the hell would you capitalize every word in a sentence?',1
'It maybe just a costume but for us who live in the cities where the terrorists hit it's abit more personal',1
'MSNBC HOSTS bashing romney for coming out tough and saying he should be much easier on OH'bummer.......YET THESE IGNORANT RACIST SHILLS TRY AND BEAT DOWN ROMNEY BECAUSE THEY HATE HIM.....',0
'Hey, all you ppl foaming at the mouth over this article:  Loosen up those **** cheeks a little bit!  Thankfully no one was injured, but man I wish I had trick-or-treated in this dude's 'hood.',1
'I'm tired as holy hades and I no longer give a ripe "you-know-what"!',1
'Thank you, Zoe..... BTW and off the topic, love the cat picture!',1
'Did anyone READ the story ,the companies involved STATED there work is done ... That means they did work .  And that means they were not turned away..   Sounds like a lot of jealous people . Just keep looking you to can have a union job !!',1
'What's really weird is that my last two Mercedes get much better mileage than the factory lists.  My car is rated at 22 hwy and I routinely get 25-28.  That's the good news.  The bad news is that I must use premum fuel.',1
'I have never been in a union, but I was working on a heavy construction project when there was an election to determine if the project would be unionized.Before the election our wages and benefits were all upgraded. We got union scale wages and benefits witjhout having to pay union dues!The mere possibility of unionization improved our employment. \r\nI have not been a big fan unions. Some of them are controlled by organized crime. I heard some time ago that the teamsters were organizing police unions! \r\nThat said, if you think that today's employers have somehow become morally superior to their predecssors in the 19th and 20th centories, you are sadly mistaken. Business (particularly big business) will always try to pay the workforce as little as possible. Unions, despite their may flaws, raise wages and benefits for employees.',1
'When you have a surfboard that looks like the belly of a fish....\r\n \r\nBut glad hes alright and was able to fight him off. They dont like being hit, being made of cartlage they are not built for it, especial in the gills or eyes.',1
'all charlie brown got was a rock and it was not even the smoke able kind my how times have changed',1
'The sad thing, he doesn't even realize what he's saying.',1
'Copied or not, Ah It's a Love Song is hands down a superior song, just not "pop"-y enough for it to top the charts.',1
'Hope all the other dealers are paying attention.  My question is why does it have to go so far to get the right thing done?',1
'***Error***',0
'Mitt Romney lives in Massachusetts where there was a hurricane hit last year. He was not governor at that time though.',1
'why do they have to change crap. leave the book alone. it's bad enough they've added all the stupid fight scenes that didn't exist but to change the actual ending....it better just end at a different scene in the book.',1
'"a white democrat president in office  running for re-election this election wouldnt even be close" \r\n  \r\nThat is bull sshitt, this is Jimmy "The Peanut" Carter all over.   ""',1
'Seriously...what a stupid, classless comment to make.  Not even funny despite your pathetic attempt at humor.  Even if your comment was funny, I think even smut mags would not include it, having the sense and decency to know what's appropriate and what's not.  Grow up, and if you have to make trashy jokes be funny.',1
'I didn't watch, because it's not country - and the funny thing is a lot of these songs refer to the authentic country singers, like Hank or Waylon or even the first new wave like George Strait, but in 3 years I have never once heard my local country stations play even 1 song a day other than the artists on the CMA. like you all said, it's pop, not country.  I miss Mel Tellis, hell I miss Pam Tillis.',1
'Koo you are a fool, and don't know that it takes as much energy to be as you call it a right wing\r\nChristian fanatic as it dose to be a left wing liberal socialist. The deference is the Christian fanatic\r\nwhats you to live your life in a country that is in the guide lines of are forefathers. A country that\r\nis free a country that has true liberty a country that gives you the right to say as you think and \r\ngives me the right to disagree. A country that will not allow the bill of rights to be taken from us.\r\nA country that whats a leader to lead in honesty and truth and not over burden the people with\r\nto much goverment, taxs and laws interfering with thier ability to become proud that they have\r\na job or a business that they can be proud to be able to enter into the American dream. I have\r\nbeen disable for 13 years, But my wife has been blessed and has had good employment for 33\r\nyears. I was a 4th generation Industrial steel painter in 1999 July 2nd I fell 42 feet while painting\r\na bridge. I have never collected unemployment, diabality but I did collect workmans compinsation\r\nfor 2 years. I said this to you because I only want what is mine I am 60 years old and when I can I will collect my social security. I was blessed to have good children that helps when we need it to\r\nprovide my medication. What we need is a President that will do the right thing and not be a\r\nlyer & a coward that won't take care of muslims that murdered our Heros who was there to help\r\nand bring good to Libia. He won't do it he him self is a black muslim. Rather you what to believe it\r\nor not I live in Chicago Land and we know the truth about obama and his wife. They have declared\r\nwar on us and anyone else that isn't muslim. And obama is a black muslim so he's not going to do\r\nnothing. He is going to try his best get away with do nothing until after the election but every action\r\nhas a reaction and he will get his upcomins.',1
'Did you bother to read further....IT"S FALSE..  \r\nLet me get this right...Corporate Billionaires can have BUY political clout and pay lobbiest to tie up governmental hearings in whatever circle they choose, but when it comes to employees who help make or provide those Corporate Billionaire's companies services or products getting together and unionizing oh no shame on them, they should be happy that they have a job at all, our society pretty much runs that way...those who got it pretty much control those who don't. Problem seems to be that those at the top will not take less money because to keep their investors happy they have to produce $$$$$$$ returns... so they will just take away benefits, reduce work force, or shift to a cheaper labor market. Our capitalistic ways dictate that what goes around comes around. If my boss pays me $10 an hour, then you can pretty well bet that it will cost me close or more than that just to sustain myself, these so called job providers will make sure of that. They do not want anyone to "get ahead" someone has to be held at the bottom to do the dirty work...unionized workers don't mind working and doing the dirty work...but you billionaires will sure enough pay enough to make it worth the effort. If labor were costing them so much then why are their so many new millionaires and billionaires even in these hard times, not hard to draw a narrow minded opinion.',1
'Even a cartoon character knows that Socialism isn't good.',1
'And God knows we don't want to let the nation know about the communist in the White House.',1
'What me worry?',1
'J.Bird, you're so funny.',1
'Dave, did he cause global warming? probably according to you.  I agree Greyflannel, what a moron!',1
'Someone's got an axe to grind. Stay organic girl ;)',0
'You are Missing GR point! 16 should focus on getting good grades, go to college and not focus on sex! This kids are irresponsible on etself! How are they are going to be responsible becoming a mom. Maybe 1 out 10 will turn ok. But then again what kind of future they can give to there kids! \r\n Are you still cluless? or just playing dumb?',1
'I don't blame Giuliana at all.  I know another couple who couldn't get pregnant, but finally achieved it by in vitro.  The couple's brother, had the opposite problem, and he and his wife couldn't afford all those kids they made.  Finally, his mom stepped in and paid for his vasectomy.  When I was a teenager, there was very little teen pregnancy because people practiced self-control except for girls trying to trap a guy.  In this day and age of birth control and abortion, there seems to be no reason for teenage pregnancy.  Maybe it's still to trap a guy or to just collect a welfare check.',1
'I've only stiffed a server once in my life and only because she was extremely rude, and did everything so bad, and with such attitude that we left a quarter on the table.',1
'My wife can't have kids anymore but it doesn't stop us on Freaky Friday.',1
'Sleepy.',1
'Wall Street was able to hold today nicely...We needed it after the last couple of weeks....Do not be surprised if tomorrow we have a sell off if Wall Street perceives once again the jobs report is bogus....Last month's report has already been revised down, who is surprised about that? Well, we will find out soon enough... A secretary of business??? The epitome of incompetence. Nice photo opportunities with the governor of NJ while we are still hurting here and not a damn thing has been done by this inept fool...Sad.',0
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Thanks for the correction.  Got that 90% figure from three different professors some 15 years apart.  Guess they wanted us to know our education rested with us for the most part and not to blame them if we bombed.',1
'I've never been that shallow',1
'This would have been a much less biased and more complete article if there had been a listing of ALL cocoa consumers that are responsible for the purchase of cocoa from these "major sourcing companies," or a detail that shows where alternative suppliers are used by other chocolate manufacturers.  The timing (one day after Halloween) is equally interesting.  How about opening up about Nestles, and where they buy product????',0
'The Count.',1
'A who? RIP!',0
'If Cuban offered me the loot, I'd punch Donald in the head, once, which is all it would take to render him unconscious then I'd shave his head.',1
'When are we gonna start re-birthing some of our jurassic friends from the past, through DNA and gene manipulation. It's way over due, and now possible. Weight limit would have to be no more than 5 tons for any species.',1
'SOME people will do "anything " or "anybody"....can't you find  a knothole in a tree in your backyard?',1
'We all know MSN loves Obama even though he has done a poor job. It would be a surprise to me if even one article here wasn't biased in any way. At least some of us know the truth based on actual facts, and not the media bulls**t.\r\n \r\nRomney / Ryan 2012.',1
'Reading your pet Goat? Why do you have a pet goat? Recreational purposes? \r\n LMFAO loser. 4 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!! hehehehehe',1
'Another case of facts not mattering. The investigation is still in progress, you are just making up sh*t.',1
'Main Stream Republicans......The  ​  Election of 2012 is your chance to get the REAL Republican Party  back.....Voting for President Obama will send the message that Extremists are NOT ALLOWED...a Romney win would empower the Ultra Far Right Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Parry Wacko's who call themselves REPUBLICANS....... \r\n SEND THE MESSAGE VOTE:   OBAMA/BIDEN 2012',1
'Joe I'm gonna tell you one more time-don't say anything to anybody at any time for any reason- now go back where we showed you and don't come back out till next wednesday!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!',1
'Seriously, many of you are taking this WAY too seriously.\r\n \r\nAs a man who has similar education level to his wife, and after ten years together, just this year was surpassed by her income, I can confirm that Stacy's comment was quite funny. \r\n \r\nChill people. This is just the interwebs.',1
'Ohio for Romney/Ryan !!    Impeach Obama  and fire the rest of his crew !!  Obama is a JOKE !!  Biden is the JOKER !!',1
'Nobody is forcing you to but them.....I wish them well.',1
'ha ha ha....i love the s%^& talk from the "computer" tough guys!! bring your a$$ up to balto and we'll have a go-around....on OR off duty!! we deal with thugs and ****ers all day long....then you yuppies come in from the burbs and wanna act high and mighty??? you say "fatasss pig"?? when i can bet your the dude behind the screen overweight and livn by urself or with your parents still!! as for the money, naaa...most dont make good money, for what we do and end up being! but i do what i do cause i love seeing the scum of the earth get caught and sometimes get to see them during their final minutes....when some other scumbag takes them down!! empathy for certain people is lost over the years!! those thanks and hugs from most of the citizens, u wish u could have that....money cant buy that....soo ugo work for the family buisness and make that 200%?? legally?? we'll bethere when u call us....and im sure u will at some point idiot!!',0
'and people wonder why i gave p my ibew union card in ny they suck n this shows, these non union guys are there to HELP ny and nj residents not to take jobs they(UNION) should never come to th south from tere we nonunion and union ibew work together stupid as it seems glad we got turned back sorry for the people of ny and nj still without power ask your local union why it s taki so long. their answer is we dont have the MAN power to HELP out every situation as they come up. GO FIGURE\r\nSAY NO to northern unions and yes to the AMERICAN people in need of HELP.',1
'Why in the he!! should the boy clean the cop's car?  I  would first kick him in the nuts and then figure out what to do next.',1
'in 5 more days, you will have the same POTUS, so get used to it.\r\n\r\nLove, Da Money....',1
'Listening to his mom/wife going on & on & on about something or other? \r\nI know that's the look I get....',1
'Well , I could tell by the look in Willie's eye he was thinking to What The Hell Happened to Country music.and I can't wait to get f--- out of here.  That **** they are trying to sell is some yuppie/rich kid  pussy fied music. That **** is Boderline gay.',0
'It's not that we can't leave a dollar it's that we don't think you deserve our dollar more then us.',1
'Maybe thats why Blake took home 3 awards, he still has the country in him. Love his songs.',1
'Turtles are very good at hiding from people',1
'Even simple folk know it is real as the seasons start to change.  Go to a city and think about the effect all the people and their machines might have on the planet over a period of a hundred years.',1
'Nope.',1
'She's a former Playboy model.  Pretty obvious that she's an attention whore.',1
'Regardless of if the man was in costume protraying a disabled Marine or really a disabled Marine, the tutu wearing idiot had no right to put his hands on him in the first place.',1
'WHAT ON EARTH IS TAILOR SWIFT DOING AT A COUNTRY MUSIC EVENT ? \r\n(1) She is NOT Country - (2) She CAN NOT sing - (3) She has NO TALENT',1
'fantastic title on that "Fear Of Music"review;Robert.  ​ It did turn into warm after five plays.',1
'none were turned away, IDIOT! did you not read the article?   the writer of the article said it was a lie put out by the republicans.....gees  ​ h',1
'Panic time at Christmas because of the strong dollar. \r\nInflation defeated, oddly enough is a good thing for the economy, maybe not Wall Street. \r\nIf Obama wins rich will be taxed, middle class will shrink dramaticly, nobody will have any money which will strengthen the dollar even further, and kiss the stock market goodbye.',1
'Watch fox and get the truth. People swear they lie. The people say this because they can't take the truth, like they can't take the truth about GOD. Ministers and their racism' which I've noticed it's reversed. The whites are getting HE!!>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>',1
'you are ignorant grey ghost, many women do not report rape due to the stigma and the treatment they recieve after',1
'**** yeah',1
'We used to work with Sandy, who is a real bitch. We was glad when she quit the company.',1
'@AfricanGirly- I think since your from Ghana what may seem "normal" and "ok" to you, is not ok here! We fought for our freedom, we fought for our labor laws, we fought for education. By saying it's ok makes America slip backwards and LOSE all that we Have fought for. Which is a slap in the face to all of those who stood up for injustices not just for themselves but for all generations to come. we are not talking about small little farming families. Do you know how many small farms it would take to keep up with their demand?  @winter-you are the problem with America. You worry about the price of something going up so you condone child slave labor, so you don't have to pay more!!  The cost shouldn't be passed on to the consumer in this case but paid by the greedy with the blood soaked money that lines their pockets!',1
'To Notsosure10. I have worked in the Ethanol business for quite some time. Ethanol produces more BTU per gallon then gasoline. The reason you get less fuel milage is because all cars are a low compression engine. A higher compression ratio will make ethanol burn mor effieciently and better milage will be achieved. Gasoline when combusted has a 80% heat to 20% propultion ratio. Ethanol is 70% heat to 30% propultion ratio. The statement of it being a "dry" fuel and will accelerate the "wear" on your engin is far from the truth. The issue of running ethanol in a gasoline engine is the rubber components. Fuel lines, rubber gaskets, etc are not designed to handle the ph and corrosive properties of ethanol. Due to this these components tend to leak and degrade over time. Automobile manufacturers have stepped up to the plate on many of these issues and have changed the properties of such components. By the way the "corrsive" properties of ethanol I stated is just the issue of being a very good solvent. Ethanol is such a good solvent it can breakdown many rubber or hydrocarbon based rubbers over time, unless new rubber components made to prevent this are used. Ehanol actually cleans out dirty filters and can cause issues in vehicles if these filters are not changed on a regular frequency. \r\n  \r\nAs for your statement on it being a inefficiently fuel when it comes to producing it are for the most part true. Ethanol production is 3.0 BTUs in to 3.2 BTUs out.. Thats not that great! The hope is that celluosic production will break this ineffciency. I have not seen anything that says that the celluosic process is in operation or even feasible. It seems there has been no talk on this subject lately. \r\nIf you question ethanol subsidies for production of it. The big oil companies get that. Not the farmer who produced the corn, and not the ethanol plant that made the ethanol. Big oil got that money to produce ethanol infastructure to support ethanol blending in fues and to transprt ethanol to refineries. As far as what i can tell is that big oil just lined their pockets with that money because as for infastructure for ethanol use in the contry is hardly existant.',1
'Then she shouldnt be out eating if thats the case especially at that amount...Im a single mom and when we go eat its to buffets or early bird special something we can afford and still leave a tip. More than likely she did that to make the news...SMH',1
'How do you know how horse piss tastes?',1
'I think Miranda Lambert was intoxicated...... :)',1
'Just cause you have a college education does not mean your smarter than everyone else',1
'Shame on you.  Did not your mother teach you better?\r\nYour bigotry assumes that your problems are caused by liberals.  Yet facts suggest you are suffering from provisions enacted by conservatives, who succeded in ruining the best economy in the world by exporting billions to other countries so they could line their pockets.\r\n \r\nPresident Obama has, in four years, almost turned the economy around, despite insidious obstructionism by the right wing.\r\n \r\nThe people you like are the ones profiting from your misery.',1
'The greatest gifts come with the greatest sacrifice. How far will you to be given what you want? In a very twisted way, the fundamentals of the SAW series comes in to play. To keep it plain and simple, would you rather have your leg that is replaceable, or your wife, that is not. ''The choice is yours.''',1
'@blueknight1957....Y  ​ es....your right, but they don't care....your still wrong ;).....\r\nANYTHING to point a finger at the WRONG people...they crave it!!!!!',1
'Can I wear a t-shirt with the image of Mr. Bill on it? Please?',0
'wiscjoe- lmao! Have you noticed all his posts have 4-5 ups and anyone that says otherwise has 4-5 downs? Must be his other accounts, what a loser.',1
'FEELING LUCKY PUNK??????',1
'Unions are the dinosaur of the American employment landscape. They are no doubt the most influential reason why the United States cannot compete globally for manufacturing jobs. Does anyone remember the bridge in San Fran that utilized steel from the far east because having the steel made in the U.S. was way too expensive due to expensive labor costs ??? I always thought that in the U. S. the needs of the many must outweigh the needs of the few (yea, I know that Spock said it, so save the grilling) But to save several thousand ridiculous paying jobs, the unions are forgoing hundreds of thousands of other potential jobs at a very reasonable wage. Get rid of unions and watch how attractive the United States becomes once again, even though we may still be a bit more expensive. On another note.......the taxpayers bail out Chrysler, Chrysler sells to the Italians, the Italians outsource the jobs to China, meanwhile I live in Italy and the unemployment rate here seriously sits at about thirty percent. The world is truly one f........d up place............Tha  ​ t is all, carry on..................  ​',1
'Tabby..how do you have information that even the writer does not know? i have checked even local accounts and do not see your point noted anywhere! There is nothing listed about shots, just due to a **** of a pizza delivery guy that complained to the police...after yelling at the owners and receiving a minimal tip!',1
'News from Apple\r\n \r\nApple Computers announced today that it has developed a computer chip that can store and play music in women's breast implants.\r\n \r\nThe iBoob will cost between $499 and $599.\r\n \r\nThis is considered to be a major breakthrough, because women are always complaining about men staring at their breasts and not listening to them.\r\n \r\nThanks to Apple, everyone is now happy.\r\n \r\n~_o',1
'What has it cost for Bush to go overseas?  Do you know?  OR is this an issue because Obama is half-black?  Well, Colin Powell's aide is correct when he says the GOP is full of racists.',1
'There`s never been an accurate way of figuring unemployment or inflation.Anybody \r\nthat quotes those numbers is a complete idiot.They might as well get their info from \r\nthe national inquirer.',1
'I could not have said it better. Making people who have made grave mistakes into icons is patheic. A person bringing another human into the world when she is still a child should not be turned into a role model. Thanks Rancic for your rational stance.',1
'funny and annoying; funny because I didn't vote for his ****; annoying because so many did.',1
'Yes Country Music is different these days, but I don't miss the crying in your beer songs either. I actually said when Pontoon came out by Little Big Town that it would win something.  It's a catchy song that I thing a lot of people like, i do and I am close to old gizzer age. I like Alan Jackson, but he hasn't had much lately.',1
'So thats why the media only portrays Romney as a bad fellow? They Portray Osama like he's a GOD',0
'Come on!',1
'Ai Yai Yai  Yai  phone',1
'They must have decided the coke wasn't as hard on their teeth....LOL!',1
'Its great!!! Of course the evil Mr Burns will endorse the evil Mitt Romney......',0
'So yes....whether I win this election or not Michelle, I still get paid for the rest of our lives. Haha',1
'But she IS just another reality t.v. star. It's not like Khloe K. had aspirations of being an entertainer - just aspirations of being rich. She's certainly not talented - she was awful the other night. But I guess as long as there are enough Keeping Up with the Kardashian fans to keep that travesty going, they'll flock to the X-Factor like the gullible peasants they are and keep that afloat as well.',1
'And I think SCDrew is dead on target.  Google the D&D monster called "Gibbering Mouther" and you'll see.',1
'If service is great.. then the tip is ... but if not, then the tip isn't. If I can't leave a tip  I am too broke to go out. NOT a hard rule to live by.',1
'I find this story hard to belive. :(',0
'think positive and everything will be a-ok. no worries always\r\nmakes you feel better.',1
'I'm gonna guess all the Rightes are going be screaming about the unemployment percentages..\r\nLIKE THEY DID THE LAST TIME.......Saying they are bogus because, they went up..???\r\n \r\nYeah, maybe they should be 7.6, 7.7% Right.??',1
'@Jana I have a ton of respect for police officers that conduct themselves as professionals and have a genuine protect and serve attitude. I really don't understand the difference between our county and city PD's and our state troopers. (hold themselves to a higher standard maybe?) With the exception of two instances, all of my encounters with the MSP have been good ones, not that I have a lot of run-in's with the law. I am sure your father is a fine gentleman and was a fine police officer as well. :) \r\n  \r\n@NewGawker  I am not a "public servant", and have no duty to conduct myself as a professional while protecting my property.',1
'not quite gone as can be witnessed by the immediate thumbs down, lol!!\r\n\r\nGood Morning Lulabell, Jana, and Nap.....I hope you are all doing well and that your weekends will be packed with lots of fun!!!  Lulabell, your heart certainly is in the right place and under NORMAL circumstances I am right along side you against bullies, but that particular individual WAS the bully......he would openly brag about the only use he had for women is sexual....no respect whatsoever, disgusting to say the very least!!  there are others on here that you must be careful of as well, they troll women only and utilize multiple screen names to do so.....don't worry though there are some great folks on here like Nap and Crimson King along with a few others that keep an eye out for the predators, and yep, me too!!  Just be careful as some of the folks on here are seriously sick in the head!!!  Now enough of my ranting lol, all of you have a great day and I'm sure we'll see each other around!!  PS.  Except the rabid robin, hope to continue NOT seeing you around, and guess what I beat you to the thumbs down bitch!!',1
'What do you mean when you say, "Where does that leave men?" \r\n  \r\nWhat does a woman going to college have to do with anything?  If anything, it makes the woman a better "catch" for a dual income family.',1
'i wouldn't say numerology is demonic...but whatever floats your boat, bro.',1
'Takes one to know one...Giggity...',1
'Lately it seems like for the past several years every time Honda or Toyota show a concept of something awesome, by the time it gets to market it's a total turd.  The CR-Z is a perfect example.\r\n \r\nWhen I first saw it I thought "Finally a Honda I would actually drive, that thing is awesome looking!!!" And then out came the production specs and Honda had ruined it.  It's not fast like it should have been and it doesn't produce worth while fuel economy numbers to make it viable.  It's an amazing looking car with an identity crisis.  And the sales numbers reflect that.',1
'Just when I thought MSN couldn't come up with a dumber question............  ​ ....................  ​ ..',0
'Don't order pizza.  That'll cost you $5 for somebody to drive their car to your house.',1
'Tesla's DO NOT have a range of 300 miles. They claim 300 miles but I get under 200 miles off a full charge in mine. Electric cars suck, not sure why I bought one, one of the biggest mistakes of my life.',1
'So i f**ked up.  Sue me.',1
'Only if it happened to a guy in prison.',1
'But look at all the attention she just got...',1
'What.... The rich must pay their share.   The poor in China need opportunity.   America is rich.   It is not sharing, therefore the poor feel they are entitled to what the rich have. \r\n After all fair is fair.    Isn't this just what Obama has been preaching?   Did Obama do one thing to stop this?  Of course not, he has done NOTHING to date to prevent this from happening.  In fact he has been the chief person responsible for it. \r\n Please elaborate on what Obama has done?   As to Romney, he is not part of Bain anymore.    \r\n Obama's war on the middle class (Americans being RICH) continues.  He wants us to share with the rest of the world.   He believes in seizing from those that have to aid those that don't, rather than growing the whole.  He is a SOCIALIST.',1
'Was PETA able to relocate the sewer rats in time?',1
'I was driving about 10 mph over and saw the officer flip around. I immediately took an off ramp and topped my car out at 110 mph. About a minute later, I saw the cherries in the horizon. I slowed and pulled over as quickly as I could. The officer (State Patrol) asked why I was going so fast. I told him I saw him turn around and I thought I could get away. He said said thanks for being honest and gave me a ticket for 10 over.',1
'Not very appropriate, seeing Sausage Thighs prancing around where lives and property have been lost.  Guess that's the way they like 'em where she's from?',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'I guess will all do have a CROSS TO BARE ?? (sorry had to say it )',0
'Unfortunately, yes. The wording on the shirt contains the word "vote".\r\nSorry Ms. Hill, but you have no basis for a complaint. Freedom of speech won't hold up in your defense. The voting regulations are in place for a reason.',1
'Ok all of you saying that its not country music anymore go back to  Willie Neson and Jonny Cash.  The same was said when they came on the scene. (Yes I am old enough to remember). Music Changes and it always will.',1
'Boy did you hit the nail right on the Head. People can't be that stuptid.',1
'"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my toys go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you and I will kill you."',1
'I agree that Pabst Blue Ribbon is really not bad beer, and much cheaper than the slop Budweiser calls beer.  Brewing beer with rice like Bud does really makes it taste nasty.  However, I was a little disillusioned with PBR when I found out that the brewing of PBR is subcontracted to a Molson-Coors brewery in New York.  Pabst no longer brews their own beer.  Coors is almost as nasty as Bud.',1
'shes not even that good looking....',1
'Based on the amount of thumbs down on comments I agree with I would say there are a lot of Obama supporters chiming in.  All I can say is that the fact that you are happy with your change scares me more than Obama getting re-elected.',1
'and your surprised?...Like GLEE...most tv like this is for Gay Men and overweight soccer moms.',1
'I am sure that Obama's executive order granting work visa's to 23 million illegal immigrants during a time of super high unemployment demonstrates his fiscal thinking.\r\nThis guy has ZERO interest in moving America forward. He will follow his social agenda at any cost.\r\nWake up America, look at his actions and his mentors. Ignore the media spin and look to Obama's actions.\r\nWe simply cannot afford another 4 years of Obama paying back the sins of our forefathers.',1
'LMAO!  Someone forgot to take their anti-drama meds!',1
'1) There is no logic or evidence supporting the existence of any 'Satan.'\r\n\r\n2) Gay marriages have no effect whatever on heterosexual marriages.\r\n\r\n3) Poor reasoning ability does not justify denying civil rights to gays.',1
'If they're not wanted in NJ, they're desperately needed in Staten Island.',1
'D..P,  your poor grasp of logic and facts, your willingness to perpetuate rumors without trying to substantiate them, and your general intellectual incompetence do not refute the actual science of global warming.',1
'This is absolutely correct.  People simply did not listen, and they're still not listening.  In my opinion, that CHANGE he promised will be making America an Islam nation.  Also he is purposely misleading black Americans because he is not black.  He is white, Arab, and a small percentage black.',1
'Politics have no place in workers trying to help victims of such a horrible storm.\r\n \r\nSHAME IN ALABAMA For politicizing on such a horrendous event!',1
'I think Mother Nature is on Vacation....some one call that *i&^H up and get her back to work!! :)',0
'The company can always call on Justin Bieber to market the cars for them.  He has a Fisker and I am sure many young people might be influenced by him.',1
'Same lot as Romney/Ryan stickers is fine.',1
'You have to been kidding if you call this country music!! i remember the days and likes of Mickey Gilley and George Jones. That was country, these KIDS are trying to appeal to a whole different crowd that would be embarassed to wear western boots. Lets move on to REAL COUNTRY MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'Oh, I don't know could it be sharks !',1
'Do I think the IRS should audit Congress?',1
'I would be thinking about buying long term food and basic necessities along with guns and ammo because things are going to get bad fast.. The government can not be counted on to take care of you.. You will be on your own..',0
'NotSoSure10, \r\nMy congratulations for this posting.  This is the most intelligent, up front and truthful posting that I have read on here in years.  And just think the Government is the ones behind ethanol fuel.  Time to stand up and get them to do what is right and get rid of all the shady tricks.',1
'Mudkips4Lyf, are you the negative little twit that has been posting the thumbs down to these messages?  Do you also have mommy and daddy issues?  If the answers to both of those questions  are yes, then there are some people who are wearing white laboratory coats and have some words and other things to help you out with your chronic case of jackazzitis.  Thank you and have a good day.',1
'Don't buy one.  This Obamacare is another plan to move money from middle-class Americans to big business, specifically the big insurance companies.  Requiring health insurance will cause the price to skyrocket.  Already doing it.',1
'The President put his own political beliefs over the Country? You've mistaken him with Mitt Romney. HE's the creep that's the narcissist. It's all about him & his foreign bank accounts.',1
'Yes, it should and it does.',1
'God bless these folks....let's hope their lives are returned to normalcy as soon as possible!!!',0
'Is that a photo of a dude?  A circus clown?  What is that?  Gross!',1
'Stop whining already.I know it's frustrating that everytime Mutt opens his mouth he makes his supporters and himself look like idiots but you really should be used to it by now.',1
'The hand writing of " single mom sorry" looks very different than the signature.  \r\nI am going to assume, she did tip but the waiter/waitress didnt think it was enough.',1
'Now this is news MSN. Feel good story, on a Friday afternoon. Now all I need is to be off work and have a cold beer.',1
',\r\n \r\nTHIS is the "fairytale dream" they hide behind factory walls.  Exploited exchange students. Does it surprise me they also use the cheapest cocoa without regard to such thinsg as child or slave labor?  Not really.\r\nYes,  Mr.Hershey would be rolling in his grave over this crap.\r\n \r\n \r\n  Enjoy the Kisses and Reeses Cups, huh?',1
'that bitch and her faggit **** husband are idiots...',0
'PRETTY TASTELESS SHE'S GOT BRAINS WHERE SHE SITS',1
'Apparently Obama has brought the "Chicago " style of voting with him!',1
'Hey Buttadon, Obama hasn't given a real Presidential address in his life and his last chance will be his swansong on January 20, 2013.  Good riddance to bad rubbish !',1
'no',1
'No one is ENTITLED to a tip.  It is supposed to be a reward for a job well done, not just automatic.  Otherwise, where's the encentive to do it well?',1
'Hi Kids!',1
'Yeah they get all the good publicity, and I get nothing. That's why I look so grumpy... oh well.',1
'the less we tolerate the less free we are.',1
'Ever since Deemed and Popa G broke up things have been extra tense on this site. So you cheated on each other with another guy. Make up and stop taking it out on all of us. Plus come on is it really cheating when it's your job?',1
'Go take some driving courses to learn how to drive. In theory it IS possible to make ANY car exceed the EPA ratings or not. Its how you drive your vehicle. There is such thing as free power,, The harder you accelerate, more fuel you'll burn.  The less you accelerate and break, less energy is used; something the hypermilers do to sometimes double their MPG, but could also be unsafe.',1
'IPhoneholio.',1
'more on cma performances:  i thought t. swift's 'Begin Again' was simple and well-poised.  good song too.  on the other hand, little big town gave a terribly cheesy performance of their otherwise glorious 'Pontoon'.  could learn a few things about fun from swift's 'Mean' performance from a year or two ago. \r\n brad paisley just finished a great performance of his great new 'Southern Comfort Zone'.  Particularly liked how he lifted the chorus from 'Empire State of Mind' to kick it off. \r\n also brad did a real good gangnam style.',1
'the White house is worth about as much as the worthless fool who occupies it',1
'They left out free Tibet(HAH!)!',1
'of course not, but if intelligence is measured by wit and the ability to chat up a crowd, libations may help.  last I heard too much alcohol was bad for the brain.  gotta go, my wine is getting cold.',1
'I'm a one year old I have no brain but some idiot thinks for me.',1
'you didn't even have to read the article itself, the TITLE says "But it's inaccurate."....so you go ahead and vote for Romney and see how jacked up this country gets with him in office...btw...what exactly is his plan on turning our economy around? Because even the top economists don't even know exactly how to. Romney even said "It will take 8 to 12 years to fix the damage done by the Bush administration."....  ​ so why does the hippocrate think Obama failed because he couldn't get it done in 4? .... even basic statistics..you can't fix 8 years of damage in just four...we will be fixing this economy for the next 2-3 terms. Romney has his OWN interests and agenda to fulfill before he fills your needs!!!',1
'Of course the East Coast Unions will now LIE THROUGH THEIR TEETH as they try to cover up their perfidity EVEN during a time of crisis. \r\nThe Unions on the East coast are the MOST corrupt in their business practices, the MOST aggressive in locking OUT anyone who is not union(violence if neccessary), the MOST vile and criminalized group that the MAFIA still has under their boot heel...... \r\nAND LOOKY LOOKY.....one of those East Coast unions(NJ) are even willing to leave NJ citizens in the dark for another week if it means THEIR union workers get to loot the state coffers for those extra days......they don't give half a rats hiney for the PEOPLE of NJ.....NEVER DID !!!!!',1
'I'll bet his ears are still ringing.',1
'Wow!  We're in trouble with either of these clowns!  Bunkin Bronco Bama sports a leather coat with "Air Force One" and what appeared to be his name and "Commander in Chief" though he never served a day in the military with a jacket that looked similar to that of a pilot and Smitten Romney compares the cleanup of a football field to the cleanup of several states!!!  But, he has a plan!!!!  Just stay in your lane!! I guess that is why his bus has flashing blue lights like a police car!!! In case anyone gets out of their lane!!!  I will be happy whne this garbage is over and a judge gives the job to a clown.  VOTE AGAINST ALL INCUMBENTS!\r\n \r\nMain qualification for president:  To be able to fly nonstop without getting airsick.',1
'parents: tell your schools to back off.. they are PUBLIC employees... the school board and principal should not be allowed to be independent dictators... they work for us... they are there to implement our policy.. not theirs..',1
'Me too...great screen name. The sellout, SOB, no-talent hack.',1
'very very racist commentary leprechaun. VOTE OBAMA.',1
'Pinche Chingadera.... that's my favorite!',1
'Bahahaha....Bad but funny??? \r\nWhat is this economic depression I been hearing  about?',1
'Brawn before brains.',1
'I hope your thoughts are based in sarcasm, if not-seek mental help quickly.',1
'This Bob Marley wanna be says he is voting for Obama because he smokes menthols and called Romney a white ni**er and said he would whoop his a** in a fight. Let me let you in on a little secret poop dog, Romney would stomp your toothpick clown a**!',1
'Yep and they are paying for it with no jobs.  Oh wait, obumma says the economy is rising so now they can get jobs that have lines, "You want fries with that?", "Check your oil mister?" or "Where's the bleach at?".',1
'If I'm not mistaken, Car and Driver didn't give the Fisker a very good review. Might wanna stay away from the (bad) Karma.',1
'Twits put their names in parentheses.',1
'My wife is an inspiration to me.  After receiving her B.A. in Communications; she grew tired of working dead end jobs in sales.  She was a natural when it came to medically related things and I encouraged her to think about becoming a doctor or a nurse.  Even though she graduated in 1996, she went back to school and became an R.N. in 2011.  She loves her achievement and her confidence level has gone through the roof.  She recently re-enrolled to further her nursing education.  She's awesome.',1
'You can almost say this is a LA, NYC special tax.   \r\n\r\n\r\nThe real danger is that in 20 years this will effect just about all transactions.  As the massive inflation caused by Obamanomics will make this a new middle class tax.\r\n\r\n\r\nThis democrat war on the middle class is long term.   They will seize your 3.8% and they are willing to wait 20 years to do it.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe ACA needs to be repealed.   The middle class does not want to pay for healthcare for the 47% on top of all the welfare they already collect from those that EARN a living...',1
'I tried to find some Ugg's when I visited Australia in 1996.  My well-traveled friends said to get a pair as they were comfortable and only cost $10 there.  Couldn't find any though.  That was way before they were an item here...  Too bad.',1
'GMO's are deadly and trade marked by seed companies. Your solution is not coherent to reality. The mega corporations need to invest in the workers and the people and not the shareholders. That would stop poverty and child labor because of poverty...',1
'Biden is such a liar!',1
'We are not bitter Stacy, we are just more experianced now thats all..',1
'I dont know, I see the glamour.',1
'I'm not a Union member and personally don't like them but I'm not stupid enough not to respect what they did and the purpose they served, all you that spout your BS are idiots, how do you think you have what you have, sure as hell was not because of your efforts, and if you MORONS actually read the story headline: "The story is being trumpeted by the conservative media and has caused an uproar online. But it's inaccurate.NS read the actual post:" And you idiots wonder why you get NO RESPECT who the hell respects stupid people, NOT ME.',1
'Chicago, IL... land of bumama.  Corrupt little ****...',1
'Seriously WHERE IS TRACE ADKINS??????????  The Hottest, most consistant Country Artist and he is not even nominated????? Come on!!! PP  e',1
'If you are worried about being a HUGE supporter, lose some weight.',1
'Wow! That's not good. I can see why opinions of law enforcement may vary in the US if that's the case. From what I've experienced, city, county and state police are professional and required to meet certain standards. I was raised by a "stater" so I know first hand, they are very strict in regard to fitness, staying current on laws and range practice. It's almost like the military.',1
'I seen that speech,and it does not surprise me,that all they want is a puppet whose strings they can pull.',1
'"So, Mr. President, what flip-flop do you think your opponent will use next?" \r\n  \r\nPhoto of 1,000 words.',1
'Gees Eddie, sounds like you dropped out of school to live in your parents basement.  Maybe English isn't your first language, perhaps it was clicks and grunts !',1
'Legally wrong on the guys part, morally stupid on the woman's part.',1
'I guess every officer is different.  I have a friend that was a cop and asked him what to say when I get pulled over, he said to never openly admit that you were speeding because then you are admitting to breaking the law.  He said it was easier to give tickets to people who admitted to breaking the law and easier in court because he would use their admittance against them.  Just depends on each situation I guess.',1
'So were these people there to work for free or were they getting paid?  What's the problem with honoring a union shop if that is where you are getting your pay?  Did they offer to work for the non-union rate or were they going to collect the same pay as everybody else they were working with?  If you read this article it clearly says that they were re-assigned while waiting for clarification of the documents that they were being asked to sign.',1
'This is to show you if you use blind guides what could happen. Matt 15 read it. He was putting his faith into a stone which can do not one thing for him. Isa 42 read it. He had a hart that was not callest he was just oing what man had told him. He did not go looking like a needle in a hay stack, he settled for less than THE FATHERS best. \r\n \r\nIf we are like a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that is not there, what kind of guides are we using? If a blind man leadsa a blind man they will both fall into a pit. I am not perfect my JESUS shoes are broken. It goes to show that we have all fallen short of GOD and HIS wonderful grace. We all need to REPENT and sin no more.',1
'Typical stupidity posing as news from MSN's eloquent writing staff. They are the ones that should be ashamed.',1
'How to get a warning not a ticket..... be white.',1
'Ok Mr. Officer, if you want to give us a ticket, then don't speed yourself.  Come to a complete stop at a stop sign, and oh yeah, don't make that illegal U-turn.  I have seen so many officers in their police cars and motorcycles doing this.  And why?  Because they can get away with it.  So it you can get away with it, then don't pull me over if I do it.',1
'I agree, my dad would not have enjoyed the show. Where is the Steel Guitar? Go Willie! Mr. Nelson brought some change to Country Music and it was accepted back then! Now it`s all pop music',1
'Superstitions.  There IS a spell check.',1
'yes yes yes oooh yes yes',1
'B stacy  I totally agree with you \r\n It all starts in high school when the good girls in the honors classes go out with the thugs and all the other rabble',1
'Never heard of them, but I know what it's like to lose a brother in a motorcycle crash. My younger brother has been my angel in heaven 4 1/2 years now. Sincere condolences to Mitch's family and friends. It's a shock to hear of losing a loved one, then the pain sets in. Grieve for him, remember him, and he'll always live forever in your hearts. Again, I'm so sorry.',1
'doesnt matter how long they last if you dont have the $150.00 plus tax to buy them to begin with.....',1
'Friends first, that is the key. My wife of 2o years is still my best friend.',1
'I love it when people tell us what "isn't" country.  We would still be listening to nothing, but old time Blue Grass if the first to complain about country music evolving had had their way.  If you don't like where country has gone, listen to the old stuff.  It isn't like previous songs were deleted so the new could come in.  Get over yourself.',1
'We do, but it has to be done in Chinese.  But the typewrite I have is old.   Actually Wal-Mart got the law changed, so you can not sue the seller of the defective product.  So you have to go to China to get them, many are state run and exempt for paying, sovereign immunity, recently got out of paying $2.4 Billion in bonds, and guess what, if you invest in China you may not get paid back.',1
'Good for the union guys standing together, reminds me of the NRA nuts. If you have some power, use it to your advantage.',1
'Yep..ok..catch you back at the crib...',1
'Many parents here will only allow their kids to attend Halloween Parties sponsored by community organizations.  Often this involves businesses, schools and church organizations.  Sadly - some local preachers choose to ask the county commission to change Halloween from wednesday - so that it would not interfere with their Wednesday Church services.  These selfish individuals could have scheduled Halloween Gatherings that included Parents and KIDs to keep them off the streets and out of danger from poisoned candy. \r\n  \r\nSadly - the county commission fell down to their knees to lick the boots of these selfish preachers.  It has been common in this area to change Halloween when it falls on Sunday - but now it appears that these religious idiots think that they need to claim another day as theirs.',0
'The general consensus seems to be that it's ok so long as Taylor Swift didn't win.  lol.  But yes, I agree, it really should have gone to Jason Aldean.  Only reason it went to Blake was because he's doing The Voice now so more people know who he is.  It has nothing to do with being an entertainer anymore, nowadays the only people who win Entertainer of the Year are those who are best known OUTSIDE country music.  Which basically means the CMA doesn't care about it's own people, or country music, all they care about is impressing the rest of the entertainment business.',1
'Not being served.',1
'No,i have never been scared of rats,i think they make great pets,and they are cute and smart!',1
'This statistic is nothing new.  This has been a trend for a number of years now.  One more, of many, reasons why I think that this coddling of young female girls should cease and more emphasis placed on the educational needs of young boys.  Feminists have achieved their goals and then some.  Now it's time to focus on males for a change.',1
'At least she was standing still when she read her lines.  If she was walking at the same time, she would have fallen down.\r\nX Factor has the potential of being a huge hit.  But unless they find a decent host soon, it will not last long.',1
'Yeah. You are right. There is nothing like the sound of a cat's neck snapping like a dried twig. Get a camera shot of that',1
'How in the world do you know that?',1
'iBuy windows phones.',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'Who CARES?!!  It's the same show, except instead of Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey, (how long did they last...a year?!) it's a Jonas brother and some unknown Italian chick.  Who's got the pre-nup?!',1
'All the people that put the unions down are out of the loop. I wont argue with an idiot,as that would make me one too.I do know that if it was`nt for unions a lot of the non union people in the cities would not be getting the good wages they are making.I have been a union tradesman my whole career,and I will tell you if You don`t keep up with the technology of your trade ,Your not going to be around very long.I worked for 37 years in my craft and attended schooling for about 25 yrs at night,to stay on top of my work. Don`t even think that the jobs were outsourced because of unions. that just shows your  ignorance.Many union companys moved even when they were showing a great profit. the real reason that most companies moved was pure greed. Most people who knock the unions do not know a thing about them. If union employees are always sitting around watching one person doing all the work, how did all the skyscapers , bridges , tunnels etc get built. So just don`t say union people are all lazy because You saw some of them standing around, sometimes that happens when You get to a certain phase of a job',1
'WHO'S TAYLOR SWIFT ?',1
'The last time I was pulled over I was returning to my youngest brother's home in Vermont from Freihofer's Jazz Festival in Saratoga Springs, New york. It was about 9:20 PM, and I was following several cars at about 45 MPH, which seemed like a reasonable speed. I see the lights come on behind me, and I immediately pull over to the side of the road. The officer asks me if I know why he pulled me over, to which I reply no. I take out my license, registration, PBA cards, union card, town ID, and AAA card I think. He comments that I sure have a lot of stuff, and I agree. He explained that the reason I was pulled over was because I was driving 44 MPH in a 30 MPH zone. I explained to him that I was trying to get back to my brother's home in Verrmont, which was over an hour's drive away, assuming I didn't get lost, which I did LOL! I also stated I was trying to arrive there before 11:00 PM so as not to startle or worry my brother and his family. He told me to drive carefully and sent me on my way! That's not going to happen all the time, but  I'm sure glad it happened that time!',0
'Holy S#!T, that thing is scary. Halloween was 2 days ago. Take the costume and makeup off.  \r\nNominee for the Highest maintenance award.',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'Just one thing....  He never "gave" you the common sense to leave him, you had that on your own!',1
'"It's Mitt on the horn.  He has organized neighborhood teams on Staten Island and they are going along in 10 yard swaths cleaning and rebuilding as they go."',1
'Just to be clear, it wasn't your reference to communism that I disagreed with in your opening, but your assertion that consensus decision making is not democracy.\r\n\r\nAnd in reference to your most recent closing, it's like I always tell my kids, "When you're done, don't forget the warm water and soap."',1
'Mark earns his keep as do the others on the show.  NCIS - LA not so much.',1
'This is why I don't look people in the eyes..  Read too many books when I was younger that said the same thing',1
'I dressed up last minute because my kids (age 4 and 6) wanted me to. I let them pick me out a costume and I ended up going as a peg-legged pirate. The kids loved it and we all had a blast.  \r\n  \r\nI don't see how that makes me a "goddamn retard" but to each his own...',1
'I didn't get the comment on Underwood's "blow away" it was a stretch to liken it to the Sandy storm since the song is about abuse. I was just "Blow Away" with how strong that performance was. She was AWSOME!.',1
'ROTF',1
'I thought it was awesome! i loved LOTR!',1
'GUS \r\n I TRIED A SEARCH YESTERDAY USING THOSE SAME WORDS AND GOT NO RESULTS \r\n THANK YOU AGAIN FOR YOUR HELP',0
'Koby is angry because they have lost 10 in a row (8 in preseason and 2 in regular). He is the realy stupid because he does not understand fans feeling when the pay a lot of money to watch their favorit team lose 10 games in a row. When is this going to stop Koby????????????????  ​ ???.',1
'Went to see the movie today, in Imax. At first the story was tough to pick up, and some of the dialogue, but then I started to get it, between the different settings, and moments in time, b the end of the movie, I felt sublime. I found myself thinking of a girlfriend I had lost some years ago. The general public may stay away, but true movie lovers, and thse with the attention span to read a deep book, will thoroughly enjoy this epic.',1
'Let me see...doesn't Karma imply that what goes around, comes around?  Therefore, this expensive piece of junk winds up where it belongs....bottom of the toilet.',1
'What have we become?',1
'Huh..??  There are a few remedies for a hangover... 1: Don't drink. 2: Don't progress UP in percentage of alcoholic volume in beverages as bedtime approaches. 3: Slam a Gatorade/Powerade or two before bed. You can drink water too, but it can cause a dilution of your electrolytes.  If you have access to a multivitamin or even just a banana, water is fine. 4: If 1, 2 and 3 have been done in the past without successful prevention of hangovers, pop an ibuprofen when you wake up.  5: If 1, 2, 3, and 4 don't resolve hangovers for you and ultimately you don't want hangovers, stick to the first solution. \r\n Source: I'm a drunken genius.',1
'Repeatedly Tasering the cop is the 1st response that comes to mind. However, that kid is NEVER going to give cops a reason to Taser him again!!',0
'I have a condo in Breck among others, so I know exactly how you people are nice try. It doesn't matter where you are from its how you present yourself. I live in Denver and its a fast life not a mary poppins sugar coat it life like in the high country....everyone has their own problems only those who choose to ignore them end up the ones who end up ungrateful and self loathing.',1
'...And you're an idiot...That's confirmed too...',1
'Yes',1
'Actually she is quite proud of me you ****tard. But that really neither here nor there, the fact that you accuse me of something that isn’t true is awesome. Anyone that differs from your opinion must be satins spawn. \r\n \r\nMe on the other hand I could give a damn about you or your opinion. But hey, we're all entitled to our opinions, no matter how much of a tongue chewer you are. the liberal media takes **** out of context any time a conservative opens his or her mouth; and, oh by the way I watched his explanation of what he said and clips of what he said on CNN, one of the most liberal media outlets around. After watching the live unedited feed they then tried to continue to spin it. \r\n \r\nI know it’s a scary concept, but try thinking for yourself for once, you might actually find that you’re halfway intelligent.',1
'Considering that there are only seven cars on this list that have any chance of blending in. And of those seven only the Caddy and the Speed3 are peppy enough without drawing too much attention to themselves to hide in the city. If you think you can get away on the freeway, you might as well turn yourself in before the chase starts. I have run, and gotten away a couple of times. And while I can admit to 99% of that being luck, that other 1% is knowing to stay in the city where there are lots of cars, tight spaces, high buildings, and parking garages to get lost in. Doesn't matter if you have a Mustang, Camaro, or a Lambo. If you can't blend, you're going to jail. Speed will NOT get you out of it. Your absolute best bet, is use a little speed to get out of the area, and then drive normally. And considering that even a Prius is capable of speeding and driving normally, it is just as good at hiding in the crowd. I'd say find yourself a bullet bike. The most common one sold in your area. And using short bursts of speed, and A LOT of regular riding, tight U-turns, and a lot of hiding, you may just have a chance of getting a way. But just a chance. Best bet would be get lost in a huge crowd of bikes before the eye in the sky catches up. Another thought, of the three times I've run, I got away all three times. It was also at night, on a weekend near the beach. Lots of motorcycle traffic to blend in with. Other than those three times, I have always taken the ticket because I know if I can get away or not. And the idea of going off-road is just moronic. A lone vehicle speeding through the desert, hell they don't even have to use a chopper, they can just follow your tracks. And as such, no point in buying the Raptor or other SUVs.. The Raptor is a great truck to drive though.',1
'hello, no I have already sent my vote in, thank you',1
'Oh I believe it the unions are strong up north, not so much down south,',1
'its too bad the dog that bit you, didn't bite you in the neck...',1
'I am curious if your former employer sells Fat Tire as well.  IF he does not, you could not give your employer a bigger slap in the face by buying Fat Tire.  Wasn't that wholesaler nice enough to give you a job when you needed one, pay you GOOD wages for doing your job so you could SUPPORT YOUR FAMILY!!   I seriously hope you didn't just bite the hand that was obviously feeding you anf your family for years...!! \r\n  \r\nThink about it!',1
'Such a horrible thing to hear. They were one of my favorite bands. I've seen them about half a dozen times and put on the most amazing show. Metal will never be the same without him. Thoughts and prayers go out to the family and band mates. RIP',1
'when is floyd going to fight manny pacquiao?',1
'I guess people don't know real from fake, as UGG are and always were made in Australia, so if they say made in China you have been ripped off and paid for inferior shoes. \r\n Go to the UGG site and read the story on how UGGs came into being on the Coast of California, when an Australian started sealing his shoes there. \r\n  People believe only what they want and if something is to good, it might just not be the real thing, \r\n  So check out things before you buy, and see where they are made before you spend money on fakes.',1
'WHO gives a CRAP if he CLAIMS he did not know it was loaded! he had NO right to even point the thing at a child OR say what he did!  PIGS!!',1
'A drug user died. \r\n  \r\nNatural selection at work, if you ask me.  Drugs are for losers.',1
'I wish what you wrote was the norm instead of the exception nowadays.',1
'Hate to disappoint the both of you....But I have a job...and so does my husband...And with all of the shopping I do...We have pumped a lot of money back into the economy...Unlike you 2 retired SSI collectors....',1
'That was a no-brainer and, yes, it should've been canceled.  Putting up a false front that all was well and that New Yorkers are resilient was foolish because sometimes you are simply laid low.  Anyone who's had a debilitating cold or fever knows this.  It's good to see that saner heads ultimately prevailed.',1
'falling, where it went up 3 cents here today',1
'Any',0
'I'd like to see them celebrate by making the Whopper the same size it was back in the old days. My goodness, that thing was HUGE, and very tasty!',1
'This was not a 'stupid move' at all. We're all talking about her, aren't we? People have taken the time to Photoshop her all over the Internet. I'd say it's "mission accomplished" for this skank. She'll have her own reality show by the end of the month.',1
'I wonder if Jurassic turtle soup is better than snapping turtle?',1
'I've read some pretty stupid comments, but yours is the one of the most idiotic I've read...get a life.',1
'God said; I'll "save" your wife and I'll just take your leg for payment!, deal?',0
'I think the best thing a man can do is be there, at his wife's side, holding her hand and helping her work through the delivery. \r\n I think it might be a good idea to have your back to the workings going on, though.',1
'Suspect this is a gimmick for Fidelity to get more money to manage. I don't believe most people have 8 times their annual salary when they retire.',1
'Oversaturated because it's SO EASY.  Frat, sorority, athletes' favorite choice.',1
'A sense of humor.',1
'5 more days and we won't have to hear about these two retards' campaigns anymore.',1
'OMG please Jesus save us from this FOOL!!',1
'No.',1
'T.I.P.S. "To insure prompt service."   'Nuff said?',1
'I got my parents for Halloween. \r\n I was adopted when I was just a few weeks old. The day the adoption was finalized and I was handed over to my parents was October 31st. More than 30 years later, they still like to jokingly tell people that they still aren't sure if they got a trick or a treat.',1
'She and her crew are probably  hard left Dems',1
'"Duh ..... my country has economic problems?? I always thought Kenya had a good agriculture basis?"\r\n \r\n"No, Mr President ... we're talking about the U.S.??\r\n \r\n"Oh sorry ... been in the basement for a few days tasting my new batch of Obama Beer!" So ... where am I again?"',1
'Just where exactly do you think Queens is located???',1
'Mitt Romney? Is that the best you have?',1
'A gift card to back to a place with bad service?  Now isn't that American!',1
'not quite animaniac.  lmao Grey!',1
'Yep Obama.',1
'@glennB: Finally someone with some common sense!!! Thank you for telling it like it is. Maybe if more of us got the guts to stand up to them, things would change... for the better!',1
'A small hand full of police officers abuse their power. But not all. Not even close to 10%. And everything else you said is just idiotic.',1
'We are NOT talking about a West African Company doing this in West Africa where their culture is different from ours.  We are talking about an AMERICAN corporation doing this in another country.  And you are a fool if you think that they won't somehow (already started) start slowly doing it here!  They are about MONEY! at all cost and don't give a damn if it's American workers they prey on or West African workers. If America doesn't wake up and smell the coffee all the labor laws that past Americans fought hard for will be taken away, one by one.  It's been less than 100 years that WE had children working in factories, that WE worked for pennies 16 hours a day with no benefits.',1
'Loud and predictable..... Thats the reputation of black folk',0
'I'd do her',1
'The word Corporate Shareholder or Board Member has become a vision of viciously drooling greedy monsters feeding on humans young or old. The Devil has many soldiers spewing his demon seeds to humanity for him going by the name of "ME benefiting ME SEEDS". No wonder there is so much evil causing pain everywhere around the world the greedy powerful body snatchers have replaced bodies with empty SOULS. There muscle enforcers does not cleanse the evil bloody trail it originated from. Those Pitiful hollow shells void of humanity. I am sickened of how many shallow cold hearted DEMON BEINGS are abusing humanity. (They can't be called humans because humanity was created in God's image) Are there any out there that will let go of their worship of greed and reclaim their soul?',1
'Do you ever wonder what kind a person it is that gives a thumbs down to something positive? Pretty sad',1
'Shes absolutley right. being 16 and pregnant should not be glorified. Children cannot have and take care of babies! We dont have MTV and VHI any more and thats why..',1
'I'm with Martin.... I saw the process in Health class in Jr.High and I chose to stay out of the delivery room',0
'The other weather front is a new pattern caused by higher temperatures in the arctic (climate change)',1
'"Actually she is quite proud of me you ****tard. " No she isn't. She told me. She said that she wishes that the "ribbed for her pleasure" type condoms were around when you were conceived. Sorry man, but maybe if you weren't such a reichwing dickrider she would have an ounce of respect for you. Being the defender of a rape defender doesn't help either.\r\n \r\n"Me on the other hand I could give a damn about you or your opinion." Liar. That's why you try and type out a poorly spelled response. Like this gem: "Anyone that differs from your opinion must be satins spawn. " That would be SATAN, not the material satin. Idiot, lol.\r\n \r\nBy all means, keep making a bigger douche cannon of yourself.',1
'they get job from the communist n racist community divider OH'bummer, they sit and do nothing and get guberment cheese!',1
'@ J Bird\r\nI sure hope you are talking about the corrupt, lying, useless, worthless, piece of SHlT named Barack SkidMark Obama.',1
'Leave the legos, take the cannoli.',1
'Marine in a Pink Tutu, hey! I thought they were issued in boot camp to new Marines. That's what they told me when I joined the Navy, yahahahahahahahah',1
'Do I think that MSN is biased in there articles? YES',1
'Lower the price and I'll buy more to keep warm  in the winter .',1
'This is such baloney. I did everything this article stated and still got a ticket for a tail light that was out! The Toyota dealer was only a half mile away. He could have said to me, "The dealer is over there. Go and get this fixed now." NOPE. California is soooooooo broke, I'm guessing he had to bring the money in.',0
'I've been working on a better system involving wind. You'd be amazed how elementary we are right now. We can do so much better and far more efficient. My best advances have come from a chicken coop guy! We read the same books, he took it further at first. I envy you and that structure. I've been tinkering with "rounds" in a glass roof grow system. All well-known foods in a better form factor for use. These aren't my mainstreams but if you knew me you'd know I can't just do one thing. Love to see your place one day!',1
'SuperBeast = Joe Biden..... Both have knowledge built squarely on the foundation of 6th graders...... Seig Hiel Socialist SuperBeast..... May your nationalist socialistic party, called the left, burn exactly like you in turn will when you are actually put away for your crimes against the innocent.... We conservatives don't take kindly to pedophiles such as yourself....Consider  ​  the offer....',0
'I am 52 years old, a law abiding citizen who has never been in prison, and raised to stand up for my rights and what I believe in... PERIOD .... I bow to no one and may God, as you understand him, have mercy on the soul of any person who harms any of my children because I assure you, and make no mistake, I will not... PERIOD...',1
'The government should take all his assets and redistribute it to the poor. He did not build Lucasfilms,',1
'My opinion doesn't matter.  I have no knowledge concerning the exact details of the complaint, nor the pertinent legal precedents the judge used in reaching his or her decision.\r\n \r\nPersonally, I can't help but feel that this was a lame attempt to fleece a troubled woman, but that is my personal feeling.  Ms. Spears has not been going out of her way to make a total **** of herself and a mockery of the judicial system for the past several months, unlike SOME celebritards.\r\n \r\n *cough* LOHAN *cough.',1
'Well once all the Unions are broken by the wealthy ruling class here in the US with the help of the right-wing media and anti-union workers who have bought the big lie that every man or woman is better off going it alone, then we won't have to worry about real pensions, decent wages, safefty on the job and the former slave-owner class from the deep South can bring back jobs they have outsourced to China to the US and return the pre- Civil War days. The future looks bright indeed....',1
'Tog\r\n \r\nHe lowered the interest rates to force savers into the stock market. That is what is keeping the market up. Investors are throwing fundamentals out the window.',0
'At least we found out what a whack job he is before he tried to get a job as a police officer.',1
'My thoughts are... - Have you heard the important Bain Capitol story about the daughter of a co-worker that Romney was key in saving?  How can you say he does not care!?!',1
'have you ever seen what nike does at their plants? 6 cents per shirt in labor cost for a polo type shirt that retails for $65.These women have to fill hundreds of cases a day,6 days a week to just cover the cost of bread.water and a roof over their head.its an evil cycle.....',1
'Of course they have something to sing about--how COUNTRY they are! I've always been a country music lover and have always played country music. Funny to me how, when I was 14 years old, country music was marketed mostly to adults. Now that I'm in my late 30s, it's marketed to 14-year-olds. I call today's music marketed as country, "Bad rock with banjo."',1
'so much for freedom of speech. so what it does not say vote for this person, and if you think that people don't try to influence while in line or around the polling place you are blind and deaf. \r\n this is just a wake up and think shirt/',1
'Jobs aren't up only on paper, just ask the millions who are out of unemployment benefits who aren't be counted anymore, they still don't have jobs!!!!  The Dow is grossly overvalued above 10,000.',0
'My first reaction to this story was that a cop sadistically took out his anger on a 10 year old when he "lost it". I've read two official reports provided by the links in the article and now it appears the boy was the victim of a thoughtless act by the cop that went horribly wrong. I don't believe the cop meant to taser the boy. My response would be to sue the State of NM for damages since this was a state cop who was directly responsible for what happened.',0
'Nice weed duuuuuude!',1
'Most of the posters on this board don't have a clue as to what they are talking about! \r\nHow about you get FACTS before you open your mouths & show how dumb you really are! \r\nAlso, most don't know a thing about unions...you just "think" you do!',1
'plus, some judges will let you drive( for work only!!) They also have things such as taxi's and busses, use "em!',1
'I have two pair and I love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',0
'No glamour-lousy outfit and big butt-not even the poise of a model or actress--  it is "cheesy".   Classless and tasteless.   Rude and crass also come to mind.  Got time to take photos, what about helping?',1
'As a kid I lived in southern California and my Grandfather would would take me to the Busch gardens. They had exotic birds everywhere, free food and beer, and you could tour the brewery. It was fun and the people who worked there would brag about working for Budweiser because they paid well and it was seen as a good job. Consumers liked Bud. After inbev bought it forget about. FYI in that area of southern CA we also used to have a huge Levi jeans factory. People loved working there. Let's get simple manufacturing back to America, with decent wages, and focus on quality. Let's make here what our people need first, stop undercutting wages, and quality. Globalism is only good for the Corporations. It's time to get back to a little hardworking, God fearing, National Pride. Foriegn competion is a scam to oppress the people by pitting one labor force against another to drive down wage along with which quality suffers next.',1
'The "cute cat" articles are becoming pathetic.\r\n \r\nGet a life libtards and get off  your computers and convince yourselves that you AREN'T the highest authority on any matters.  Nnobody cares about your fruitcake policies either.\r\n \r\nGET A DOG and take it outside.  Your cat isn't cute, it probably hates you and it has made you it's b!tch.  You feed it, house it, pay for it, pick up it's sh!t and it still only comes around when it wants something.\r\n\r\nThe cutest cat is the one that gets kicked across the room.',0
'MSN is good',0
'Someone or something from Minecraft.\r\n \r\nWhatever the hell Minecraft is.',1
'Nice, a lion cub friends with a Rhodesian ridge back, which are typically used to pack hunt lions.',1
'I have worn Uggs for years. I have one pair probably 15 years old. They last forever. And if I can, I will buy a new pair this year.',1
'What is wrong with these people who work at Vet's and Shelters? Cannot they not read?!? If this was my dog, I would have punched this woman in the face after being told they accidentally killed my dog and offered me another one. Sorry, I'm usually against violence, but someone should knock some sense into her!',1
'Obama / Romney - flip sides of the same coin. It doesn't matter who you vote for, both parties are out to screw you. I'm not sure why people waste so much time arguing about it. If you think either of these jokers give a crap about you and is "out to do what is right for America", you are on some serious, well, whatever Obama was smoking before this picture!',1
'Unions put their money into the Democrap party and don't care if you don't want to support the the Republican party.  You don't  have a say when it comes to your union dues.',1
'Too bad, Patty.  You didn't capitalize the word 'Creator.'  You'll go to heck, for that one.',1
'It is not extortion.  C'mon you're not that dumb',1
'Hugging at that age he should already know that girls have cooties ewwwww',1
'Maybe he cant decide to go ahead and tell the truth for a "CHANGE!"',1
'Gandalf is dry, warm & has the best seat in the house & he is very cute to top it off',1
'ps- I noticed your research-first didn't include a barbecue comment. The food up there is horrible unless you're a zombie.',1
'Well how about that, I am 35, 6'2, handsome (some might say) and physically fit!  I unfortunately live in Miami of all places...  (crowd gasps)',1
'Can't wait until Tuesday so you MOFO can shut the #uck up already. \r\n If the numbers are good then Chicago style mafia was involved if the numbers are bad then you then the numbers are accurate. \r\n I am surprised the job numbers are up given that the just say No GOP bitches have not passed a jobs act and will not do so any time soon.  So it's a lame duck do nothing officials that were elected by the people for the #****ing party and are actually getting a pay check from the government. \r\n Can you believe this ****.  Let's #ucking privatize Congress while we are at it.',1
'slow news day?? \r\n  \r\n"Owl Looks Out Window and Stares at Birds"',1
'two things that led to their downfall. \r\n 1. The boots are so cheaply made now, really flimsy and dent easily, I'll never buy them again. At one time probably before they got really popular like in 2007-08 they were plush and heavy and nice; kept you warm. They are so s.hitty now.\r\n \r\n 2. They bumped the price up at least $50. Maybe if the quality was still good, but now they just aren't worth it.',1
'@Wannabe Nazi: In your own words: " So Hitler was a socialist and a champion of the workers -- or at least he identified himself as such and campaigned as such."\r\n \r\nThat is how he portrayed himself. He was a totalitarian nationalist. He was also a christian (so by your weak intellect all christians support mass genocide), but he didn't act like one. He was as far right as one could get. You truly have to be the most Fu*king retarded person I have ever met if you think he is left-wing. The world layed Germany low after WW I and to rally the people Hitler declared himself a man of the people. A socialist. He was neither. Pull your head out of you well used a$$ for once you ignorant twat.',1
'This is total bullsh!t. Sue the hell out of them!!!',1
'If Romney's foolish words causes dissension between English speaking Americans....Imagine  ​  the damage he'd do across the pond....He does not speak HUMAN...Period!....H  ​ e will cause other nations to start a war with us...\r\n \r\nOBAMA/BIDEN 2012',1
'I don't care what what nationality any AMERICAN is. The rights we are given in this country\r\nshould not be forgotten! I would give this HERO one of my kidneys for his service and the freedoms\r\nhe protected that we all enjoy.His one vote and everyone else's one vote can bring change!',0
'females who drink or smoke while they are pregnant should have the kids taken away, stupid bitches',1
'Trust, humor, compromise and generosity of sprit.',1
'I never liked Zillow.  And putting a value on the White House is just ridiculous.  It won't be bought or sold, so what is the point?  Zillow, go back to under-valuing everybody else's property while the county governments are taxing us at higher amounts.',1
'No it should not "rush" it.  Nothing good ever comes from rushing anything.  Help perhaps, rush no.',1
'Another product of a GOP trailer park education with deep religious overtones in the school books and no reality. Dude, get over the birth certificate thing. Trump has because Obama already produced it like over a year ago. His aunt here was already deported back to Kenya and Obama did not interfere to stop it. Spell comrade correctly, you look stupid. VOTE OBAMA so your kids have a decent chance at a better education.',1
'I love him!!!',1
'i hope he sues there as- off. if they did this to my animal i would euthanize these people with my bare hands!!!!',1
'At least their dog is being cremated.  When they did that here in Roseburg Oregon at Saving Grace they just took the body to the dump after. http://www.kpic.com/  ​ news/local/135765488  ​ .html  \r\n\r\nAnd then the the community had to come together to pay for a new dog for the couple.   The shelter should have paid that in my opinion.  I mean really people.  Read the damn paper work and double check, triple check until you are sure that you have the correct dog to put down.',1
'Name calling is all they've got...',1
'$100k borders on tipping change for Brad.  Nevertheless, he's on the correct side of the equation.  It really is appalling that we are VOTING on this. \r\n 1. When two people mutually want to marry, the government should not even be in the dialogue. 2. Those opposed to same-sex marriage are opposing on religious grounds 3. Therefore, the government is effectively passing legislation on whether religion is to be recognized. \r\n Think carefully about #3 - That is exactly what's happening and it is WRONG.',1
'SO TIWIT   YOU ARE A COMMUNIST       LOL     BY YOUR OWN ADMISSION \r\n BUT YOU ARE THE OWNER OF SEVERAL PROPERTIES AND A CAPITALIST \r\n WHICH ONE IS IT TIWIT ???????  PICK ONE ANY ONE,,,,,YOU CAN'T HAVE BOTH \r\n DON'T BRAIN FART NOW',0
'Obama could careless about the people, and their ability to create jobs and wealth.. He only cares about his Anti-American liberal socialist-marxist ideology of big govt, in setting up his massive utopian state of govt control and manipulation..\r\n\r\nObama's view and belief of Freedom and Liberty, does not mean Individual American Freedom and Liberty, for all Americans, as prescribed under ,and by, the U.S. Constitution.. To Obama, Freedom and Liberty, means Govt. Freedom and Liberty, to do what it wants, when it wants, where it wants, to whomever it wants, as it wants, aka, govt. Tyranny and Oppression.. Which is why they, the Obama's, are completely, and without reservation -arrogant, indignant, and insouciant, to the people and their suffering, all around them..',1
'candy aint seasonal to everybody',1
'Obama and Congress are not subject to Obamacare.  They get "something different!"  Talk about the ultimate "Union Perk!"  GM gets a Cadillac HC plan that YOU, the TAXPAYER paid for, and you're stuck with Obamacare!\r\n \r\nGM gets 70% of teir last years pension, PLUS social security; and you, the TAXPAYER WHO SUBSEDIZED GM, might get a 401k, or social security.  Then again; "maybe not!"\r\n \r\nObama has done NOTHING for Middle America, only for the Middle-Man; "The Unions!!"',1
'obnoxious',1
'yep. Her twat is gonna be famous.',1
'Every scientist knows that the weather cycles.  We are in a warm cycle at this time and hopefully we will never get in a cold cycle that last for years and years.',1
'um there is a fight scene retards',1
'Nah, cause if he wanted some pot he could have got it.  he took whatever was available.  Sad.',1
'*fart*',1
'Did you?',1
'So far obamas job creation is mostly minimum wage, and certainly not union paying  jobs. Jobs to pacify and accommodate more illegal immigrant voters, again nothing longstanding loyal American people need. Who does he actually serve anyway, everyone must be asking this question. Hope he gets de-throned before he crowns himself el supremo the dictator.',1
'Don't know who she is. But I sincerely that this person was wearing a halloween mask.. And I'm not trying to be funny.. At first glance I thought that face was purchased at Party City.',1
'In Genesis Chapter 3 vs 17 God told Adam CURSED IS THE GROUND FOR THY SAKE, in other words Adam because of what you did the earth is cursed. From that moment until now all the change of our environment has been because of that sin Adam committed and nothing is going to stop this earth from dying, that is why God will restore it as he says he will in Revelations Chapter 21, read it. We need to take care of our earth but we cannot change its demise.',1
'Casey at the bat',0
'Hahahahahaha!  If the statue had missed him, it would have been something along the lines of "the lord was protecting me", but since it didn't...maybe if his faith was a little stronger, he would see this as \r\n \r\nA) The "lord" putting him through a trial to test his faith (in which case he failed), or\r\n \r\nB) The "lord" smiting him for being a conniving, greedy materialist (since the "lord" is omniscient he, knew this guy would sue, and was right to slap him down).\r\n \r\nThe correct answer is that he was careless for not inspecting the statue prior to propping a ladder against it and clombing up.  He assumed it was secure enough to support his weight, and assumed nothing bad would happen.  He gambled and lost, rather than using the scientific method of research and fact finding.  Faith has never moved a mountain, but it has killed or maimed one hell of a lot of fools.',1
'I wonder when she started the heavy drugs? That is the only reason she could have thought this video was a good idea.',1
'Your mammy',1
'LOL',1
'When the presidents administration ignored both the NSA and the CIA warnings about a terrorist organization having plans to attack the U.S., and 4,000 people died, were you calling for charges. By the GOP standard of accountability President Bush should have been brought up on charges. I don't remember conservatives making noise when we started a war on false pretenses. No they just made more excuses. Republicans are the party of excuses and no accountability. To have such a low I.Q and short memory must make everyday life tough.',1
'How flippen worthless. \r\n  \r\nWorkers come from the outside to help your community and you turn them away. \r\n  \r\nWorthless union PUKES!!!!!!!!!  The union PUKES called them scabs, your taking the food off our tables, etc. \r\n  \r\nWhat a perfect example of how worthless union members are.',1
'Cause its a terrible book series sold to young girls and 40 year old women who don't get enough romance in their lives.',1
'No koko, \r\n Fox is promoting propaganda just like the liberal networks. There is no difference, and neither is really telling the truth, just what they want you to hear to promote their favorite candidate.',1
'My 2012 F-150 with a 302 V8 gets 19-20 MPG. Better than advertised. And its a 4X4. I guess it all works out.',1
'They should try scissoring each other next...',1
'Evan, do you have any idea the crazy sh*t Romney's cult believes? Nancy Reagan getting advise from a fortune teller is right up with mormonism.',1
'N.A.T.  - Your question, while cute in an imbecilic way,  was not remotely analogous to the question posed.  Just because you don't think, but look for the simple, non-confrontational,  ​  it doesn't mean that others take your similar ostrich-head-in-the-  ​ sand approach.  In other words,  should humans of African ancestry on these shores buy into mutant/Caucasoid/whi  ​ te's hardwired, biologically-determi  ​ ned (due to being genetically recessive [See POTUS]  and having problems as does ALL MUTATIONS with reproducing [See Akin and Mourdock]) racism, sexism, and xenophobia (that Triumvirate of Terror), especially when they remain the PRIMARY victims?  Clearly, Chris and his friends didn't get the memo and the rage of most commenters suggest the profound disconnect.  Clearly, that's what time it is, much to the chagrin of mutants.',1
'What was first the turt0le or the egg?',1
'what kind a bad person that likes to show off herself taking pics while millions of people are suffering with this tragedy!',1
'before unions people worked till the boss said go home, no worker's comp, no holiday pay, no weekends off, everyone paid minimum wage, got hurt on the job oh well someone else will replace you.  \r\nread history rePUBICans want the good ol days back. GET REAL PEOPLE, WE HAVE WORKER'S RIGHTS BECAUSE OF UNIONS. China has no unions, BUT they Got slave labor..its that what you all want....',1
'Good joke, too bad the Obama blowhards don't have a sense of humor :(',1
'"What a bunch of schmucks! They're actually going to vote for me AGAIN"',1
'Good luck if fighting a ticket in court, guess whose side the clerk magistrate is on',0
'Highly_Recommend\r\nSenior matchmaker',0
'Yeah at $100,000 a pop a lot of teen agers could be influenced by Bieber; however with the economy in the crapper most parents could not afford to give their kids one.',1
'There is a variable missing. Is the blender running?',1
'It is all about me......who cares!',1
'Should a 'Vote the Bible' shirt count as electioneering?\r\nAbsolutely.  \r\nFurther more, that is it's intent is it not?',1
'The mumraths of dale.',1
'WHO GIVES A FLYING FRANKFURTER WHAT THE PREACHER SAID?\r\nHe aint running....',1
'Because it was in China.',1
'LMAO.......hilarious  ​',1
'About as idiotic as your picture.',1
'This was reported on 10/19/12.  It was discussed heavily on the subsequent Sunday am news programs.  It hasn't been hidden, and it is not new news.',1
'The Bible says nothing specifically about abortions.  It does say things about the poor, and the rich.  Pretty much the opposite of what some hard-line conservatives think it says.  Jesus said "Blessed are the poor".  NOT blessed are the rich.',1
'They aren't the prettiest shoes but damn are they comfy.  I always buy the knockoffs becuase Ugg brand is TOO EXPENSIVE.  I'm not paying $150+ for a pair of slipper type shoes.',1
'Anything that thinks I'm a meal with the teeth and means to carry through. But considering microscopic life can hide some of the most hideous looking kinds, I don't really let it bother me. Way to go Stephens, heal quickly.',1
'Obama has done "nothing" for MIDDLE AMERICA.  His only concern is THE MIDDLE MAN,,,,"The Unions!!"',1
'Your X Boyfriend is saying the same thing.',1
'The so-called country music of today is not country at all.  Country music is the likes of Loretta Lynn, George Jones, Tammy Wynette, Hank Sr. etc.  To even think that the country music today would be country music is just plain blasphemy.',1
'Dorky and really dumb. Nice propaganda for idiots who don't vote anyway.',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! They met via Bing\r\n [ seek add riders] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.',0
'I wish they would kiss eachother instead.',1
'Life is so lonely,I am a single woman at present.I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on[ google or bing seek add riders] under the name of Swedish…it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for. ',0
'Whether a woman or child is killed?  \r\n \r\nHow about domestic abuse of men, you clown?',1
'For myself and others I have purchased 5 pair of Uggs.  I love them.  I do hate that they are made in China.  I think the company could do better.',1
'all cars can get great gas milage but oil and car compainis are in bed together so this will never happen',1
'UNIONS ARE NOTHING MORE THAN THUGS AND TERRORISTS, BLAME CONSERVATIVE RADIO, BUT THEY ARE REPORTING THE TRUTH. NONUNION WORKERS WERE HARASSED AND FORCED TO LEAVE. NEVER MIND THE PEOPLE WHO ARE IN NEED, UNIONS ARE MORE IMPORTANT.',1
'How anyone could re-elect these morons blows my mind',1
'It's a democrat.  You will probably see it out and about today, government checks are in.',1
'I'm with you also... I would be devastated if it was one of my pets...AND god have mercy on the soul , when I got through with them, who carried out this procedure. \r\nCathey',1
'You don't NEED fraud protection if you don't have a credit card. That's a risk you take. No card, no risk. If you get the right debit card, (like mine), there is plenty of protection. If you are in the 3% of americans who pay off their cards each month, that's great. My comments are for the 97% (yes, 97%) who don't. What happens if you have a balance of $5,000 on your card, that you plan to pay off, and you lose your job, and your wife gets sick.... it happens all the time. No debt... NO RISK!!',1
'It is Country Music! It might not look or sound the same as it did years ago but it's still Country Music... \r\n  \r\nCongrats to Blake on winning EOTY! He really deserved it!',1
'People with an interest in puppy mills and the money they make.',1
'She is a disgusting parasite that would breed with roaches.',1
'But It's nice down by the river. Waterfront...Im there.',1
'Maybe their kids were made of paper or something?  I just don't understand how you can be injuried from hugging. We are making our kids a bunch of cold hearted, uncaring, insensitive, punks.',1
'Bruce Kennedy, you know there were no "days of would-they-or-wouldn  ​ 't-they speculation."  Mayor Bloomberg was clear and adamant that the event would go on.  When he was smacked in the face with a blizzard of objections he then changed his mind.  You do your journalistic reputation no good by trying to put a smiley face on the Mayor's incompetence. \r\n  \r\nBut hey, its your carrier---',1
'Only a kiss from a sexy young woman. :-)\r\n\r\nThis drug sounds like a "nerve gas" developed by the US Army Chemical Corp.  One pinhead-sized drop of "P3" will kill you instantly.',1
'They had been looking for them based on information gathered by MSN.',1
'I agree, if unions go away pay and benefits standards will drop like a rock. If you union haters like the wages china pays then you will love working in the US if unions go away. Because that's want big Corporations want slave labor!',1
'I do add 10 lbs.\r\n \r\n-camera',1
'He looks like a walking want ad.',1
'How wonderful and truly humane!  God will bless him.',0
'What I never got was someone wearing Ugg (Or the knock-offs) Boots with Shorts!  Are you hot, cold, somewhere in between?  Make up your mind!!!',1
'There are many countries that produces cocoa that do not practice any kind of human slavery, Brazil is one of them. The reason that these big companies buy from places like china and Africa is because  they pay half of the price that they would pay buying from a country that does not endorses human slavery. Its a sad sad world!',1
'Love!!!!! This made me smile :-)',1
'Um ones in print and ones handwriting... of course its different looking but surely doesnt mean 2 people. Could just be a selfish witch who happens to be a single mother and uses it as an excuse.',1
'Knight ... they don't read ... it's just like the crazy e-mails they forward ... if they think it's anti-Obama they just forward it and discuss it like it's a fact even it the writer says they're making it up',1
'Smeado--\r\nYour statement applies to men too. \r\n I agree, women are usually full of drama, but I know some men that are just as bad.  I rather work with all men than women.',1
'Thank you Brian. I didn't know that. All my concerns are now allayed.',1
'Neither, you f*cking dumba**...  There isn't enough information for you make that assumption.\r\n\r\nIt could have been about any number of issues',1
'This poor kid is in for one rough row to hoe.',1
'Loving our Lord and allowing Him to bring you together.',1
'That's the 10% correction I'm looking for.',1
'nevere gonna happen cuz I wont go near the ocean for love nor money LOL',1
'I honestly do not know what the mayor was thinking....Billiona  ​ ire well it was obviously the 350 million dollars the city was going to make...To a businessman thats all that matters...I wonder has he been to Staten Island  yet ? When all of the politicians did not back him on this he knew right then he messed up big time...The governor as well did not back him up on his choice to go forward with the marathon...I truly feel bad for the runners but there will be others and next year lets hope all is well and the marathon will be even better...Now was not the time !!',1
'Yep, I'm a moron alright!',1
'wow , don't you sound like a sexist white male straight out of the 1940's. Are you really going to stereotype all the women who are "career types" as having so much on their plate yet not being able to handle it emotionally? If these are the type of women you know I'm truly sorry, but your statement is extremely stereotypical and ignorant. Contrary to what it seems you believe, although women's neurophysiology results in being perhaps being more expressive or "emotional" than men, more often than not, this does not get in the way of functioning in a career or relationship. Do you suggest women not have a career and not take too much on her "plate" as to not be so emotional and have a bad relationship? I wish you would enlighten me.',1
'If you can't handle the work then find a new job, I am done with you!',1
'My 2011 Hyundai Santa Fe has always delivered better mileage than that which was stated on the EPA estimate. I average 24 to 26 City and 28 to 32 highway.',1
'Well, what are all the parents doing about it? No one else can correct this issue, only parents, so get off your asses and take back your schools!',1
'It's sad that so many stars from that era have ended up as either druggies or alcoholics or both! Most of them starting out as children in the acting world. Yes, they had it going good for them but without proper guidance, and money management, many have had their lives ruined. It's very sad!! I agree that they must want to change to make it better for themselves, but again their whole life basically has been like this, it's a difficult change, especially without any support.\r\nI hope that before she completely runs out of everything, absolutely everything that she wakes up enough to want to get herself together with or without her husband!!',1
'If you marry for money, you'll pay for it the rest of your life.',1
'Hi Eunice. \r\nYou can find the same video with caption here: http://www.youtube.c  ​ om/watch?v=HeCLwtWbh  ​ Es',1
'I'm only gonna say this once....',1
'it is shameful  that government  has money to fight wars but has no money to  make a city safer',1
'Could also read: \r\n "Get off the internet, put on some sweats, and offer a helping hand to the victims instead of being so selfish and self centered.  And bossy.',1
'It's just what they put in the video, it's not an endorsement on my part.  But also, barring a miracle, Obama has this election locked.',1
'Destiny is owned in your own palm..No matter you are young or old , chances to seek soul mate in your life are always haunted around you. And whether you will hold your happiness , it all depends on yourself-----www.sen  ​ iorencounter.com----  ​ -the cool  age gap social heaven may lead you to the direction for your soul mate..If you are single and young and brave in mind, why not choose to have a romantic love journey again!!! Worth trying!! \r\nJoin for free…..Nothing lose….',0
'This is a load of hooey.  I've been pulled over for speeding 3 times in 3 different states.  The first time, I was headed over to meet up with some friends, and was accused of speeding when it was obviously the vehicle next to me.  I was issued a ticket, which I fought, and won.  The second time, I received a warning, but only because the officer got a call.  He was fully ready to write a ticket.  Had it open and ready when he walked up to my vehicle.  The third time, I had my cruise control set to the speed limit, and was accused of going 14mph over the speed limit around a dangerous curve, even though I was about 100 yards behind another vehicle who was going the speed limit as well.  All three times, I was respectful and curteous to the officer, I didn't admit to anything, since in none of those instances was I speeding at all, and I didn't give the officer anything to be suspicious about.  Officers will give tickets and warnings whenever they deem that they want to give a ticket for an offense, whether or not the person committed it at all.  I now live in Northern Nevada, where law enforcement is very scarce (the reasoning is reduced budgets, which I'm really not believing), and I've even seen highway patrol abuse their powers on the road.  One time, I was going the speed limit, passing a slower moving vehicle.  That vehicle sped up as I was passing, matching my speed.  Next thing I knew, there was another vehicle on my bumper.  The vehicle next to me kept speed, and the driver behind me was flashing his brights at me, as if that's going to cause me (a law abiding citizen) to speed up and break the law.  The next thing I knew, the light bar lit up and the flood light came on, focused at my vehicle.  It was at this time that the vehicle next to me slowed a little, and when there was enough distance, I pulled over and started heading to the shoulder and slowing down.  The law enforcement officer turned off the light bar and flood light, sped up, and passed me. As I accelerated back up to the posted speed limit, I saw this same procedure in effect on another vehicle. This is a TOTAL abuse of position, and any officer doing this just to pass vehicles should be fired and banned from any job requiring the operation of a motor vehicle. I did file a report/complaint of the incident with the highway patrol office, but they told me that I wouldn't be able to know the outcome since it was an internal incident.  I feel that ANY office funded by taxpayer funds should be obligated to make public any and all complaints and the outcome of those complaints since it is the public who funds them.',1
'W.N.N.R is a smear!  Only fools refute facts, but they still have the right to exist.  Your barberous ideas will not make a monster of me.',1
'CGT1,  You claim to be in the Pitt, but I wonder why you always think the players are against you. Stocks have to be bought and sold.....that is how we make money. \r\n  \r\nIt does not add up to me. \r\n  \r\nYou are starting to come across as suspicious. \r\n  \r\nMaybe you are Cramer trying to repent.',0
'I live in VA and the reckless driving threat is real.  I was down state near the NC border driving in a two lane divided highway.  I was going 82 and never ever realized it until the officer told me.  GET A LAWYER and go to court.  The attorney advised me to get my car calibrated (the speedometer checked against the actual speed).  I told him the car was pretty new and doubted it would be off.  He said do it anyway.  Well $70 later I had a calibration that told me my car was perfectly tuned.  I went to court and simply by having had the calibration the judge reduced the violation from reckless driving to faulty equipment - a non moving violation.  Net result was that I paid around $100 court costs and fines.  Nothing reported on my driving record, my insurance rates stayed the same. \r\n  \r\nGranted, I had not had a ticket for 5 years prior to that and I'm sure that had an impact on the judge as well.  But the lawyer said that the judge needed the calibration so he could "hang his hat on it"   \r\n  \r\nBy the way, NOTHING I would have done or said would have softened the officer in any way writing the ticket.  As the saying goes - "Tell it to the judge"',0
'Please burn in a fire or maybe Kayne will off you. It would be really awesome if you offed eachother.',1
'"I would like to schedule a moving truck to be at my house on November 7th.......yes the address is 1600 pennsylvania ave.......yes the delivery address is in kenya I am moving back home everyone here finally got smart and stopped buying my BS',1
'Our waiter took the order, I asked that the appetizer, soup, be brought out ahead of the meal. The waiter put the order in, and went to talk to friends of his parents. After more than 25 minutes, another waiter told us that was our waiter, several tables away, chatting up the older couple. I got his attention, and after a lengthy goodbye, he went to get our order. A half cup of soup, both dinners, cold, no rolls, no extra napkins we asked for, all delivered at the same time, and he hid out in the kitchen until we finished. I complained to the manager. I also contacted the restaurant company headquarters. They sent me a gift card in the amount of our purchase. Never saw the waiter again.',1
'Half of what comes out Romney's mouth are lies or distorted views depending on whoever he is speaking with.  And on the other side of the his mouth, he is constantly spewing insensitive messages and unthinkable positions on what Americans go through on a daily basis that he can't relate too.  I know his mouth was filled with a silver spoon throughout his life but someone like this SHOULD NOT be this close to running this country!  When are people going to catch on.  Tuesday night could be a very bad thing and another disastrous storm for ALL fifty states with him winning this election.',1
'It's fine for a pregnant woman to have a drink or two once in a while. Most doctors agree that this does absolutely no harm to the unborn child. However, drinking until passing out, as the woman in the story above did, is a very bad thing to do while pregnant. It's not real smart to do it even if you're not pregnant, either.',1
'your families freezing, hungry, tired, and this is how the union helps? If you have anyone in your family that is in a union, you should be ashamed. the time for a labor union was 1932,,, noot today!!!',1
'No, this is total possible. When I worked for a non-union construction company, they turned our trucks away during 9/11 because we were a non-union company. This was a fact, so take your thumbs down and turn them up your butts.',1
'Only time I ever thought about not leaving a tip was when both the food and service were AWFUL.   The  place added it on automatically so I had to pay it.   I never went back to that place.',1
'Yeah,  Chavez,Putin and Ama-nut-job for three endorse false messiah and they are ALL real and ALL really dangerous.',1
'Women commit.  Men surrender.',1
'I haven't gone in the ocean since the mid 70's when I was wading  in Long Beach and got bumped by a shark.  I ran on water to get out of there.  He probably wasn't interested but I wasn't taking any chances!!   Talk about terrified!',1
'No.  I would rather spend that kind of money on attractive boots.  Or gasoline.',1
'Eeeehehehehehehehe',0
'Its a sad day for Country Music....I agree that Swift is cute and a good role model...but talent? \r\nShe is one of those celebrities who is fortunate enough (there are many) to capitalize off the poor taste and low standards that most young people now exhibit.  Young people are like " moths caught up in the glare of lights from the low rent section (bad music)."  Just because there is light being shed doesn't mean its a notable place to hang out.  I wait for each one of her songs to come out hoping the beat will change...it doesn't.  Country Music tolerates her because she brings in the $$'s and the media and both feed those enormous egos.',1
'The endorsement convinces me to vote for Barack Obama, yes. \r\n\r\nBy the way, the *dog* wasn't strapped to the roof of Mitt's car.  The dog was in a "travel kennel" or "carrier", which was strapped to the roof of Mitt's car.',1
'What a sh*thead....first, trying to cut in line and then has the nerve to pull a gun when someone calls him out. Throw his sorry a$$ in a cell and leave him there.',1
'show me a beautiful woman and I will show you a guy that is tired of her....I think that is how the saying goes.',1
'You know that Bernanke is there until 2014, right?  And it's not like there's much in the way of fiscal stimulus happening right now.  That's the reason Bernanke is being so hamfisted about it.  It's broad policies that are trying to activate remote segments of the market.  The Fed can't create demand, only enable demand that's priced out of the market.  Fiscal policy can create demand.',1
'Charlie, you doin' Baraki baby or smoking something? \r\n  \r\nJobs report sucks: more unemployment filings, manufacturing jobs declining, GDP below 2% after deducting government spending. \r\n  \r\nYou NBC Monkey Man suck ups need to pay atttention to history.  What will you tell your bastard childred when they ask you, "What did you do to save this country?" \r\n  \r\nYou are shamelessly disgusting.',0
'This is PHOTOSOP',1
'Ovomit is just as bad as the rest of them.....he has lied, used race and ruined our country.... If we as working citizens didnt do our job properly, we would be fired.....why isnt he???????????? \r\n\r\nRegarding  gerald mclinton's response, some things are not expressed but are implied......look a little deeper and you shall see the lies. but then again, you probably are like him. \r\n\r\nWAKE UP AMERICA.......lets get back to our 'ROOTS" and get this country back on track',0
'Stick with the hammer and nails. They are not designing a pig to clean out a pipe this will be a plug, big difference, it is about engineering.',1
'I hear ya',1
'What a dork.Perhaps he should just be castrated and then he'll be happy without those "urges".I mean does his penis have eyes?',1
'Yeah...it didn't end well.',0
'You need to learn to invest in "things" that will be worth more in the future. Like guns. They don't eat and you don't have to pay taxes like you do on property.',1
'So, you can read people's minds, that is a wonderful talent. I wish I had it. Also, who else is going to sue Hershey? That is how companies have to be stopped when dealing with unfair labor practices. Hershey said they would stop doing business with the farms who were using child labor but, they didn't so, obviously they can not be relied  upon  to keep their word and, the only other alternative is legal action. It's not rocket science, ya know. Companies are not good at "self policing", if it effects their bottom line.. It's sad and it sucks but, that is the reality of it.  Children's welfare has to come first. Seriously, if we can't even be decent to kids then what hope is there for any of us, at all.',1
'WOW, she's UGLY!',1
'gray goose   \r\nObama first thing he did was to make sure his personal records were sealed so no one would know his\r\npast look it up. Its true!! \r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------------\r\nI'm hoping that the first thing Romney does if he gets elected is to have his mouth, nose and throat sealed.',1
'tell this girl to shut up, she got free ecstacy, thats 25$ saved!',1
'This will be Carly Rae Jepsen, soon enough. Except she'll have it way more worse.',0
'of what?  Is this more North Eastern crap that nobody else knows or cares about?',0
'I saw a dude from kenya posing as the president of the USA.',1
'I guess we need more people on welfare as you people see it. obama has set another record there also and its still growing but you guys can just turn a blind eye to all those out of work',1
'Let's be clear about something too.  A B.S. in mathematics trumps an M.S. in psychology, an M.B.A. trumps a Ph.D. in English. I know a multitude of women who have a higher education "level", but don't have near my education.',1
'so you are suggesting that people who earn 10,000 a year don't deserve benefits they paid into?  I do not see how you are paying 50% taxes unless your just plain stupid.  I would get a new accountant and stop blaming poor people.',1
'Not everyone who "picks up litter in the park" Tasers little kids.  Some of us make our living at it!',1
'Cherry on top would be if the receipt poster was a single parent as well. That would just be awful.',1
'I guess Shashank will not get REDEMPTION:)',0
'MISTERKYTE TAXPAYER  YOU GIRLS ARE REALLY GETTING NERVOUS ,BUT YOU STILL HAVE A FEW DAYS LEFT TO CALL PEOPLE NAMES BEFORE YOU START WEEPING LIKE SCHOOL GIRLS',1
'Stupid, pea-brained, classless beatch & her neanderthal husband.',1
'I give a tip when it is earned. Just bringing my food doesnt get a good tip. You get something unless you are rude or incompetent, then you get nothing.',1
'Okay....I wonder if FBanks can figure out the cognitive dissonance in the following statements:\r\n\r\n1) Clinton passes (for whatever reason) on thel Osama BL hit -  That is Wrong.\r\n2) Obama drones the Islamofascists every chance he gets- um,... That is Wrong.\r\n\r\nWhich is it, banks?  Politics or petty reasons? \r\n\r\nI just hate Obama because he parts his hair on the wrong side.  \r\n\r\nSHeesh!',1
'They say God works in mysterious ways... \r\n  \r\nThey ALSO say Lawyers are the tool of Satan (It's true, some say that) \r\n  \r\nHere's the thing - IF YOU BELIEVE, then you must ALSO believe thet the statue falling and crushing David's leg was all part of God's plan and he should not sue. \r\n  \r\nHOWEVER, maybe it is ALSO part of God's plan to aLLOW David to sue. MAYBE it was God's plan to give David's wife cancer, and then to cure her so that David would volunteer to clean the statue, thus exascerbating the already poor condition of the anchoring system. If the statue wasn't stable to begin with, then there's a gOOD chance it was going to fall on its own in the near future. There's also a chance someone could have been killed. \r\n  \r\nPerhaps all of this is God's master plan to save the life of the person who would otherwise have been killed by this crucifix, and perhaps David's ability to file the lawsuit is ALSO part of God's plan to compensate him for saving that life. \r\n  \r\nPersonally, it is my belief that this is a tit-for-tat situation where God saved David's wife, but then took his leg as a test of his faith. The Bible is literally FULL of similar stories. David suing the church demonstrates David's desire to strike back at God, rather than accept his fate. \r\n  \r\nThis is only a theory, as I would never presume to know what God is thinking. There are some, however, that would argue that God does not work that way. Perhaps THEY know what God is thinking? \r\n  \r\nI'll bet if you asked them, they would say 'yes'. \r\n  \r\nGregSki',1
'aactionarray.......s  ​ aid chunky monkey.....yeah right........perfect  ​  HourGlass on a slim goody....and legs like a piston........You usually dont see thighs on on a small frame like this young lady unless she is a cheerleader or a dancer....or in England or German where the women walk EVERYWHERE.\r\n \r\nBut to answer the question..........I would not call it tasteless....sort of no big deal.\r\nWhat else are they gonna do when the Whole damn state is shutdown and you cannot get out.\r\nFight a war?',1
'I'd probably want to beat the crap out of this idiot.  But fear not for him, there'll be an excuse, an explanation and a website up supporting him in a day or two.',1
'I guess I would rather have a human (Obama) President that a Mitt Robo President.',1
'should have kicked him in his shins',0
'Bob you're an idiot, and apparantly have never been through something like this either. Steve has the right attitude. And yes I've been through something like this, lost power for days, no gas, cell phones didn't work, and what few places were open only took cash as credit cards didn't work. We were warned ahead of time that it was going to be bad there would be large power outages. I had cash and a full tank of gas in my truck and as soon as it was safe to leave the house I was busy helping friends that lost everything. It was the hardest thing I've ever been through and I was still grateful to have a bed to sleep in and the option to take a cold shower. I have little sympathy for people that are cold, hungry, and thirsty. Grocery stores stock water, canned foods, and batteries ahead of time. Don't wait until after the fact to stary crying 'poor me'. People need to start taking care of themselves instead of waiting for everyone else to bail them out.',1
'That looks like different handwriting, so Id say who ever the waiter was decided to be a butt and write that in himself. Also, since there is no tip there included on the receipt, there is no reason not to believe that she left it in cash on the table instead. That is how I tip whomever is waiting on me, because I dont trust the restaurant to give them the tip I intended. Cash that they can count and know what is theirs is much more trustworthy. And just because she is a single mom, if she was, doesnt mean that she was there with a dozen kids, or with friends and they take turns paying, or that her children are grown and they paid for it. So take it easy. Very hard to read hard facts from a single picture.',1
'The word "theory" in science does not mean "speculation" or "especially doubtful."\r\n\r\nCreationists and other science illiterates habitually misrepresent the terms "law" and "theory." The distinction between law and theory is function, not degree of certainty. Laws describe; theories explain. A scientific law is a generalized description of observations (facts).  A scientific theory is a well-supported explanation of HOW something occurs.  The Germ Theory of Disease was, is, and will ALWAYS be a theory, because it explains the cause of some diseases.  But it is a fact that some germs cause some diseases.\r\n\r\n"[Creationists] make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night."  -- Isaac Asimov.',1
'"Those was jokes...I was fooling y'all..."',1
'I often have to use Nair for toothpaste (Do I have to explain everything!!!?)',1
'There is enough gas but not enough gas stations.  People in that part of the country use mass transit much more than other parts of the nation.',1
'Esta trabaja.  "this works" would be a serious improvement over the hyped Iphone.',1
'WAL-MART use to only sell American made products only...\r\nThen the Shareholders took over and all the products come from China using prison slavery for cheap production. Very controlled factory life where you live eat sleep at the factory and never earn enough to purchase basic products because they owe the state for the job they created for them.',1
'Who would you prefer if you had a choice of anybody?',1
'This probably started from parents who complained about hugging to begin with. Then when the admin starts to enforce they will complain again. Too many rules and kids that can't be kids is an injustice to them.',1
'I have won a trip to New Orleans, 2 books, socks, a CD, a fleece blanket, a little winter hat, a t-shirt, a beach ball, dog treats, but I would trade it all in for 23 million dollars!!!!!',1
'There both cute.Cats rule!',1
'Pride of workers.  What does that have to do with this article?  I doubt some little kid with a gun to  his head has much pride.   Hershey has to live up to its pledge.   All of us cannot sit around enjoying the good life made off the backs of poor children.',0
'Beats a Prius or any Toyota...  Salt water or not...',1
'well i dont think vote bible  shirt is electioneering as it really doesnt sa what party you should chose  and i dont remember seeing god anywhere on the ballot, now if the shirt says vote mormon or vote christain, or vote obama or vote romney thats different. both candidates claim to be christian although  some would argue tha mormon is not traditional christian. Also church and stae are supposed to be seperate as is stated in our constitution',1
'Did you just say that in Hebrew?  Can you repeat it in English?',1
'The planet is warming.  It's a common myth percolating through the idiosphere that the scientific consensus ever claimed the planet was cooling.  \r\n\r\n"The Myth of the 1970s Global Cooling Scientific Consensus"\r\nhttp://journals.amet  ​ soc.org/doi/pdf/10.1  ​ 175/2008BAMS2370.1\r\n\r\nLet's be clear: When you say "you people" you are referring to the VAST majority of the actual climate scientists doing the actual climate research - to include NASA, NOAA, EPA,  the US national academies of science, the national academies of more than 30 other nations, and nearly every major, relevant science organization -- all of whom actually understand the science.',1
'If women think they need a voice here in America then maybe its time for them to move to Saudi Arabia where they will have no voice at all..... Women are treated accordingly here in these fine United States that we live in... Grant I mind you that there are some douche bags out there..... But there are also some serious delusional bitches..... If they always think they need someone to shelter them then they will never grow.....',0
'No because obama care will be defeated shortly after romney takes office.and another rise in the unemployment number just sealed obamas fate good bye you lying thief obama!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',0
'Why can you only comment on mindless crap such as this and not on the Ben'Ghazi cover-up and the possible destruction of our country as we know it?',1
'Shakes head in disgust and sorrow.',1
'Please explain to me how Romney's election would unlock gridlock.  The republicans (most notably the teaparty) haven't been willing to compromise even within their party.  Will start to magically do it now?  In addition, do you expect the Dems to play ball with people who have only said no for the past 4 years?',1
'ABSOLUTELY',1
'I'll nver thank you cuz your selfish and weak. Down with unions.',1
'Chunky? I'd only kick her out of bed if there was more room on the floor.',1
'I'd like to think I would be understanding, but I probably wouldn't be. After that, well....',1
'Everyone knows the biggest traitors seem to always make sure they have the most flags, the GOP has become extremist, and extremists all suck. Bowing before kings? sounds more like prince bandar's lap dog dubya.\r\n\r\nYou right wing nut jobs all use the "no I'm not you are" play right out of the fascist playbook.\r\n\r\nSocial Security was originally a fund till the GOP wanted to loot it. \r\n\r\nAll you people can come up with is another underprivileged nit wit who is so much like Dubya. \r\n\r\nThis was intended to be funny but Fascist cretins have no sense of humor.',1
'And by the way, if you are in a bad relationship -- remember -- you "can't fix crazy."  If someone is on drugs, abusive, an alcoholic -- don't hang around, thinking you can help that person.  Just pack your bags.  If you are afraid, wait until he goes out to get his **** drunk or goes out to see his other girlfriend.  Safest way to handle a situation, in my point of view.  Keep quiet, pretend to go along with stuff, but secretly get your stuff in order, keep your credit cards / cash / birth certificate / passport, stuff you might need, in your purse, be ready to make a run for it when he's out at a bar or something...  have a safe place to go to already planned.  Plan your escape, but quietly.  Don't keep hoping an abusive person will change.  Set up your own bank account, don't make someone you don't completely trust "joint" on anything financial.  Have your own car.  Tell friends or family or people you trust you are getting ready to leave.  Have a plan.  Don't confront someone who's crazy and violent.  Don't bother to argue, don't get in his face.  You could get hurt.  When he's drunk & out of it comatose on the couch, pack a bag, grab your purse, take the cat if you think he'll put Kitty in the microwave, and leave.  If you don't have a car, call a taxi cab.  There's "50 ways to leave your lover."  Make a new plan, Stan.  Don't need to be Coy, Roy.  Just hop on the bus, Gus...  Don't need to discuss much.  Just drop off the key, Lee.  And get yourself free!  (Lyrics from an old song, I don't know who wrote it, but words to live by.)  -- Rose',1
'Aqua Man is a hard line republican, doesn't let fact interfere with belief.',1
'Mr. Kyte, \r\n You say the same thing every jobs report. hahahahahaha \r\n which is a contradiction because if every jobs reports shows job gains then eventually your criticism becomes mute. \r\n I know you will jump on it if the job numbers had a negative sign. \r\n You are pathetic, you reside at a level lower than my excretion',1
'Meh.  "Henri 2 Paw de Deux" (YouTube) still wins this contest',1
'I don't understand how Coke is worth a dime. I never drink it and don't like it. It's got to be all hype and advertising that make it popular, and that's just kind of sad. People are so gullible. Bubbly Brown colored sugar water that tastes alot like pepto bismal, I'll never get it. And now with the health studies that have linked soda and sugar to heart problems, it can't be good for their company.',1
'Rhonda, I only have one criteria for anyone who makes assertions like yours. Show me the data. Show me the numbers. But dont make a wild accusation like that so near an election where your candidate will be shown the door...just another voice',1
'mayor bloomingflower endorses OH'bummer because he believes in global warming..........ign  ​ orant following the ignorant with more ignorant following them........look out its a stampede! \r\n  \r\nif anyone of you psycho's can stop the earths magnetic field from moving........i'll join you in refraudulating OH'bummer to a third and fourth term!',0
'Never said anything about cotton candy,gummi bears,rainbow hair, or dildos. \r\nI am a wise non church drone . \r\nI don't believe in religion, God also hates it. \r\nI do believe That God so loves you, He sent His one and only begotten Son so that all who believe in Him will not parish, but will have eternal life. \r\nFor God did not send His Son into the world that He might condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him. 18 Anyone who believes in Him is not condemned, but anyone who does not believe is already condemned, because he has not believed in the name of the One and Only Son of God. \r\nPay close attention to the last sentence. \r\nYou see;  It's your choice.  God the Father, Jesus His only Son, and The Holy Spirit Do Exist. \r\nMy prayer again is this;  That God deal with you in a matter in which you would believe and repent',1
'I don't cheap out on underwear/socks/bras  ​  - cheap stuff never lasts and creeeps where it shouldn't or it fails to hold up the "girls" properly !',1
'There really is no reason to have a host let alone 2.  If the show thinks they need a host, at least keep Mario and let Khloe go!  The show was so much better without any and then to bring her in...what are you thinking!!!!  I would rather watch Honey Boo Boo....wait a minute I did watch about 5 mins of that show and wanted to rip my eyes out, WHAT CRAP...is that what Entertainment is now a days?  I have another suggestion...the singers don't need back up singers or dancers or elaborate sets,  Just let them sing!',1
'Of course it's not accurate but honestly it's not surprising either.Don't forget it came from an idiot who strapped a dog crate with the dog IN IT to the roof of his car and not only thought it was funny but swore the dog liked it to!.This lying,flip flopping,rich and arrogant idiot can't sympathize with an animal so what makes people think he has any sympathy for the people affected by this disaster.Hell,even Bush did a better job at faking his compassion for people!!',1
'If he feels so compelled, I'm glad for him that he can do this.  It's not only bringing awareness to this issue, but I'm sure it's cathartic for him.',1
'Elect ROMNEY and let everything get reversed like wages and benefits BET you will all be whining again, how the hell do you MORONS think you have what you have, those tight azz REPUBLICANS that owns companies won't give you a dime if they don't have too, and if they can reduce your wages guess what they sure as hell WILL.',1
'I'm not bitter in the least, and for a Friday, everyone seems a little to serious on here.  I am happy married to a wonderful man.  We split the household bills 50/50 and we both split the bar tab when we go out.  We have a nice, peaceful, drama-free existence here in the Rocky Mountains and we could care less who makes more money and who is better educated.',1
'Well this has all been quite a love-fest!',1
'restaurants charge so much for their food, they could pay their employees more money!\r\nits not shame on the woman, its shame on the restaurant',1
'He is telling all the orphans “don’t worry it was only $5 million, But I know where to get you some food stamps”',1
'What leadership will you get with a president whose only allowed to rubber stamp conservative agenda? From a speech by Grover Norquist.\r\n  \r\nAll we have to do is replace Obama. ... We are not auditioning for fearless leader. We don't need a president to tell us in what direction to go. We know what direction to go. We want the Ryan budget. ... We just need a president to sign this stuff. We don't need someone to think it up or design it. The leadership now for the modern conservative movement for the next 20 years will be coming out of the House and the Senate.\r\n \r\nThe requirement for president?\r\n \r\nPick a Republican with enough working digits to handle a pen to become president of the United States. This is a change for Republicans: the House and Senate doing the work with the president signing bills. His job is to be captain of the team, to sign the legislation that has already been prepared',1
'You MSN AH reporter.  More than likely, he's telling the truth.  I wouldn't be proud of someone who helps murder 4 Americans either.',1
'Why did they put white face paint on? Why can MSN print "****ing" above, yet censors me when I do it? I demand answers!',0
'"How should Mourdock respond"?\r\nWho writes these stupid questions?\r\nSounds like a high school essay test.',1
'Its quantum leap year !! In a quantum reality, it can be BOTH.   Ha ha ...',1
'In a mass scale yes, casualties not quite......even when printed twice hornet....',1
'"have you not read reports about the machines doing just that "\r\n \r\nProof or you're as full of sh1t as every other tinfoil hat wearing wing nut.',0
'Election day is only 4 days away....!!!!     \r\n Vote!!!   Get ya some OBAMA   !!!!!!! \r\n OBAMA/BIDEN 2012',1
'Greedy, overweight, 'easy-to-bang' single moms...thats their mantra...pretty pathetic!',1
'No.',1
'Two bad mayoral decisions in the same week--running the marathon when his people are suffering and endorsing Obama due  to climate change.  What's he going to do next week?',1
'There is a most effective dating site for bikers find their matches,bing or google seek add riders,you will find it.',0
'I was thinking about that last night.',1
'Apparently none of those commenting negatively about this clip have ever survived the utter horror of the "It's a Small World" ride.  The borderline insanity of Rainn's expression says it all.',1
'nice t and a ,, bad pics',1
';)   I'd leave her alone, if she wants to contact you she will.',1
'Now THAT is funny!',1
'I just want to know if she's at least hot',1
'Look whos talking Miss Piggy.... Would you like an apple?',0
'okay so im a 120 pound girl! i HAVE NO ACNE! im a very pretty girl!  AND I LOVE THE SAGA! if you dont belive who i am! LOOK ME UP ON FB Giny Ginay cuz honestly not only girls watch this! an not only people without lives ither! Im 15 and i do sports! i cook clean goo out with friends! YOU GUYS JUST NEED TO STOP MAKING FUN OF This saga! if U DONT LIKE IT! GO LOOK AT OTHER THINGS AND LET THE PEOPLE THAT ENJOY THIS BE THE ONES TO COMMENT! peace bitches!',1
'I think Faith Hill and Tim McGraw did a great job! They are an awesome couple and I love to see them sing together.',1
'First I would sue the cop personally then I would sue the police department for giving that jackass a badge in the first place then I would catch the cop where there were no witnesses and he would get tased a few times himself-in the balls........',1
'Can't choose -- they're both ridiculously special.  For that matter, so are ALL cats, dogs, giraffes, hippos, etc...',1
'gettin' real tired of your crap, Romney.. \r\n it is a religious matter, and DOES NOT BELONG AS A LAW. what part of 'seperation of church and state' doesn't this guy get!?',1
'EWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!! I peg you for an overweight person.... Trust me when I say that cheap and overweight are not really good qualities I search for....Being married in todays time doesn't mean squat though.... Especially for a woman....',0
'Oh, Scoden,  $100 will not get you a pair of Ugg boots.  You're talking $180 minimum!   Most adult size boots probably go for $200+.',1
'Spreading sin around the world; the hell with that cripple S.O.B.  and I don't support Romney!',1
'We need to put LA politicians in the glass cages and let the dogs and cats run the city. We'd be so much better off.',1
'SPONGE BOB',1
'These results do not surprise me a bit.\r\nAmerican beer is poor taste and fall of preservatives (and who knows of what else, like mos of the foods here)..\r\nI drink beer only when back in Europe, indeed.\r\n\r\nCheers!',1
'I moved to the Northwest a year ago..and it is cold..lower the price and I would buy the Uggs..I know they are warm..made in China..do not like that!',1
'Finally...someone who puts HUMANITY above PROFITS...unlike the mayor of NEW YORK \r\n This man has my respect and I do not even know him.',1
'parents:  tell your schools to back off..  they are PUBLIC employees...  the school board and principal should not be allowed to eb independent dictators...  they work for us...  they are there to implement our policy..  not theirs..',1
'I have a 2003 Bonne and it get 33 hwy and 23 city. avg 26. The best car and never had any problems. Sorry to see GM stop that brand. Sad to see so many jobs and profit leave this country. Hope thing get better for us all, but not until Americans see the error of their ways.',0
'Yea...not enough fiddles, banjos and mandolins and what real country band does not have a steel guitar? That was just another pop show. How about a real country music awards show with real country music singers? Heck..I don't care if the only ones left are old coots!',1
'It is not entertaining it is frightening.  It is not funny to have a Veep as dumb as him and a Pres. as un-American as the one we got.  My only hope is to see them disappear from the political American world.\r\n \r\nThe Veep tongue is totally disconnected from any kind of grey mass.',1
'I have a Texas Whopper once a week. This one is about the same. There are a number of mom and pop burgers that are better but Burger King is good for a chain.',1
'Sad.  He was a weird tattoo covered freak.  But he had a mom that loved him.',0
'If Romney wins he will likely do better than Obama, but not much better.',0
'Looks like she chose the wrong occasion to be an attention wh0re.',1
'Kind of looks like Bill Clinton getting blown by an intern. Maybe he's getting blown by Bill Clinton.',1
'sun shining',1
'Received for Christmas about 2 Years ago.  (slippers)  100.00,  it's a good thing I didn't have to pay for them.   I never would have spent 100.00 on slippers, but i'm glad someone loved me enough to buy them for me.',1
'I agree with Floleo - build your  homes away from flood plains, beaches without adequate sea-wall protection - people must realize that owning a home close to water - especially where the  geographical formations are such that there is little protection from erosion or low-lying land, is asking for disastrous  results.  Maybe it's time to look at the overall permit structure so homes are not allowed to be built in areas where damage from storm surges is likely to  be the result.  Of course, insurance companies want the big bucks for insuring homes that are at hight risk and the rest of us pay for that through higher house insurance premiums.  Wake up, people.',0
'What else would you expect from east coast liberals....',1
'He needs to just shut up. He is SO out of touch.',1
'I love Kelly Clarkston, but why is she a part of the CMA's? She is not a Country artist! Not to mention nominated for an award? Geeze!  What is wrong with Country Music? You really can't even tell what the artists sound like with most of their songs. Did you notice how great Carrie sounded when she sang a "Classic" country song by Connie Smith? Why are we watering down good ole' country music with all the filler?? The TRUE artists don't need it. Eric Church was the ONLY guy that even sounded country. He was robbed by not winning song or single of the year. And I am sick of Taylor's theatrical performances....they  ​  are just plain stupid and are a disgrace to country music.',1
'There are plenty grown people that don't care about their children and their are plenty teenage parents that care deeply and take wonderful care of their children. I understand her situation is frustrating but I think she is just envious.',1
'"low class"??   Obviously you know a LOT about low class....huh?  One usually speaks to that which they know... \r\n  \r\nTouche!',1
'What most people don't understand is that our base wage is $2.13 and hour.  How do you expect a waitress to have a smile on her face all day when there are so many ****s out there that feel they don't need to tip.  Do you want to go to work and not get paid?  I have given the best service the customers were completely happy and even told the owner how wonderful I had been, but yet no tip....and then you wonder why there is no service and a smile, you have to pay for it.',1
'Not Boring, as much as I love animals & as great as the knee jerk reaction is to support such a change... ultimately, I have to agree that it would lead to things far worse than the occasional pet owner not receiving more & better compensation when something like this happens.\r\nIf one weighs that one pro against the cons (see above post)... it's just not worth it.  Even the argument that the threat of a lawsuit would make these places take greater care is not nearly enough to counter the ill effects.  They are just too many and too far-reaching.\r\n \r\nPeople really need to look into these things and then give them a good, thorough think, before throwing their support behind every (supposedly) 'great idea'.  And, with this one, no animal lover would be for a change in the law if they've done any amount of research.  Because with an honest pet owner who's truly been wronged, it is a bandage on a bullet hole.  And, you've already mentioned what could happen in less desirable situations with a dishonest person... I shudder to think.',1
'typical!',1
'Since kids become a main priority in the lives of their parents, that leaves less time for other things, including sex.',1
'Aerosmith was my favorite band in the 70's--although I've never been to a show because I couldn't afford it. It's so crazy that they're still together and making music. GO AEROSMITH!!!',1
'One of my cats plays fetch like a dog. Also everyday he will walk around the house sometimes with a stuffed animal in his mouth sometimes not, saying "hello?" until someone answers him with a hello.',1
'Has he looked in a mirror?  I'm surprised she wasted $100,000 of plastic surgery on HIM!  Not only is he average or below in the looks category, he's a heartless jerk!',1
'Maybe shaving his head would be an improvement.',1
'How nasty..........what a way to achieve fame Kim..........hope it works for you .',1
'I love Uggs. If you have battled foot problems, as I have, these are my go to footwear. Nothing  I have found are as comfortable as this brand and believe me I have paid top dollar for for other footwear. I  agree with everyone here about the price. If they could find a way to reduce that I think more people would buy them. Cheap knock offs don't measure up...I have tried those as well.',1
'.',1
'Sounds like we will have plenty of time to expose the right wing religious fanatics in Congress who have no interest in avoiding the fiscal cliff in plenty of time. Sad situation we are in because they had the last 2.5 years to look at the President's budget but instead were more concerned with destroying the middle class, abortion rights and Obama's birth certificate. VOTE OBAMA and then VOTE OUT this do-nothing Congress.',0
'I work as a MWD in the oilfield, we use lithium batteries to power our tools, I have seen these batteries get wet downhole and blow up many times!  Often splitting a 8" steel pipe like a bannana.  Lithium batteries become bombs when submerged.',1
'Let the police handle it once the robber left the bank.',1
'YES, RED DELICIOUS ARE MY FAVORITE FRESH AND APPLE PIE IS ALWAYS GOOD',1
'bitch please ! you look like **** !',1
'EEwww!',1
'I know satan is supposed to be evil and all, but shame on you just the same.',1
'God can kiss it. And i will make jesus into my bitch. these christians are only doing this because they know that they are on the verge of going extinct and are losing there pull on our ignorant society',0
'thanks for the laughs',1
'What I find disturbing is that the race is a dead heat after all the stupid stuff this man has said, how he's flip-flopped and evaded taking positions except that everything Obama has done, he'll repeal on Day One. Except his foreign policy, Obamacare, etc. Mitt is totally out of touch with normal people. It just doesn't occur to him that someone may lack resources and family to fall back on, that people may have to decide between groceries and enough gas to get to work. Obama gets it. Obama has lived it.',1
'unfortunately no.  We will see what the Electoral College wants.  In order to see what Americans want we would have to have the presidential election done as a popular vote.',1
'I would flip out on someone!!!   My dogs are my kids not just an animal  or a piece of garbage !!!  I went through something like this years ago when the shelter told me the dog i had found as a stray was not viable to adopt  due to his age an the injury he had but they did offer to pay for the vets fees if i adopted him,,  which i did Pets are not a commodity as so many people think they are   sad very sad',1
'I don't have a real pair, I have the payless version and they are comfortable, and they are pink.  I think I paid $20 bucks for mine.  But I think what moviegoer is right, you can't wear the real ones in the rain, just like I don't think you can wear toms in the rain.',1
'"Pure nasty" is a perfect way of describing it. Ever since I was a child I have thought candy or cola containing aspartame (aka Equal) was awful tasting, and it never failed to upset my stomach as well. Ex-lax is weak compared to Equal.',1
'My 2003 Lexus has a 3.0 liter six cylinder in it.  I can get 28-30 MPG on the highway doing 75-80 mph the entire trip.  That is at or over what the EPA estimated.\r\n \r\nIn the city, I average between 18-22 depending on how I'm driving.\r\n\r\nIf your 4 cylinder camry isn't getting better than 20, you are driving it like sh!t and need to take care of your car.  Don't blame toyota for your stupidity.',1
'I`d be pissed too if I was waiting in line for gas and families got out with gas cans to fill \r\nup a SUV and several gas cans.Some people only think of themselves.They should have gased \r\nup ahead of times.',1
'Well duh...budweiser sucks.',1
'keep the work comming, thanks \r\nkmwa 1960- autobody mechanic',0
'"I was going to bring HOPE and then I got high, then I was going to bring CHANGE but then I got high, I was going to fix the ECONOMY but then I got high, I was going to create JOBS but then I got high, I am trying to move the country FORWARD and hopeing your all high enough to vote for me"',1
'Yes they sucked in concert back in the 70's and early 80's. BUT... Their music was infinitely better. The Beatles... Great band... discovered drugs... became legends! U2... early, drug fueled music? Effing awesome. Clean and sober? Not so much. \r\n\r\nNot saying drugs are good (but sometimes they're awesome), just saying when art and drugs combine... Well... Fantastic thing can and do happen!!!',1
'I agree with the comment of the receipt been prank. No single mom would spend that much and then just write it in place of tip. I personally county how many times I have to call her and how long I have to wait for her service and how polite the waiters is, then I will tip her accordingly.',1
'Unions are crap. \r\n  \r\n  \r\nEnd of.',1
'congress spends the money through funded legislation. take your anger out on congress, k?',1
'the police in this country are out of control...watch nothing will happen to him ...he should be in jail for attempted murder ..',1
'They are "tasteless", it is no wonder why (other) countries think of America as poorly as they do.',1
'of course, i think holland has had something similar for sometime now, the dutch built holland, they stole it from the sea, almost the entire country is below sea level',1
'Shoulda bought a Chevrolet Volt.',1
'Who said it was a gaffe go joe !',1
'We want 4 more years! But first we need a speach.Union workers unite and set up the teleprompter..We are cold ,hungry.We need Pres. Obama's titillating speach.People !!!! vote Obama.!! He can promies twice as much as Romney. Maybe even 10 times what others.Hell, nobody can promise as much as Mr. Obama.(stupidity in US is about 47%- 50%,But they are working on it to make it 54%.After that no elections will be needed) rejoice comrades..',1
'These are some good buds, bro.',1
'She got ripped off so screwed the waiter as well....trickle down economics.',1
'Mr. Bloomberg, a political independent in his third term leading New York City, has been sharply critical of both Mr. Obama, a Democrat, and Mitt Romney, the president’s Republican rival, saying that both men have failed to candidly confront the problems afflicting the nation. But he said he had decided over the past several days that Mr. Obama was the best candidate to tackle the global climate change that the mayor believes contributed to the violent storm, which took the lives of at least 38 New Yorkers and caused billions of dollars in damage.',1
'Scott, \r\n Unemployment is less of a problem than it was 4 years ago. Slow and steady progress is fine by me at this point. The last thing I want is another bubble. Frankly, Romney's grandiose promises scare the hell out of me. When somebody tells you everything you want to hear, something is wrong. \r\n But I think we are missing the bigger picture on unemployment. Unemployment among the educated is low. For those with a Bachelor's degree it's about 5%.  \r\n It's the uneducated work force that is suffering. I think many of them are waiting for high paying factory jobs to come back to their town. Sorry, that train has left the station. And unemployment benefits are competitive with minimum wage work, so a lot of people choose not to work. \r\n The key to getting unemployment down is taking away unemployment benefits (99 weeks is ridiculous) and promoting education and job training. \r\n But this will not be a quick fix for whoever ends up as president. And whoever does end up as president will take credit as the economy continues to recover over the next 4 years.',1
'What do you consider the word "Know" to mean? Can there be more that one definition? How do you know there isn't a heaven?',0
'They were looking for turtles....and you know how slow turtles are. (this is a dumb question!',1
'Palin, whoops, I mean Noem may be attractive but I'll take worldly and educated Matt Varilek over a woman who didn't even go to committee meetings and who also earned a degree RATHER than do her job as a congresswoman and represent the people who voted her in. VOTE VARILEK!',1
'Gotta get you a TV judge program, Mud.',1
'And your opinion matters to me why?',1
'the Marine was right.. his behavior was unbecoming to a Marine....',1
'First I ever heard of him or them, but he meant something to somebody. If nobody else, to the tattoo artist. Never part angry; it may be the last time you see them alive.',1
'What ever happened to ROSANNE BARR??? Even she would be far better than Mitt the Twitt!!!',1
'This has to be in the same catagory as the raping and murdering that went on after Katrina. Get a life people, quit throwing your idea of morality around.',1
'And if you don't believe that you can kiss my A$$, seriously',1
'Jelly Fish, their tentacles are fiery hot',1
'im looking forward too our new president',0
'So, after 3 plus years O-DUMB-BO says he will create a new cabinet position....secretar  ​ y of business. \r\n\r\nYou pandering POS.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can't make this sh*t up.......I thought it was from the The Onion.....but it's real.',0
'L\r\nA\r\nN\r\nD\r\nS\r\nL\r\nI\r\nD\r\nE',1
'Finally!',1
'when anyone and everyone who has an odd number of pimples on their butts that gets special considerations,\r\n \r\nthe white man applying for anything whether it's a job or any assistance gets placed not even second,\r\n \r\nclaiming a white person is always privileged in this country is a blind belief told to you by the so called minorities that have been getting everything given to them for decades,\r\nnow they're so used to getting placed ahead in everything, they now act and feel they deserve even more,',1
'That is really pathetic.',1
'I liked  Tobey Maguire better, just sayin.......',1
'In a super bad situation like this, why are people who are willing to travel hundreds and thousands of miles to help turned away soimply because they don't belong to a union? really? \r\nAre the unions that starved for  money that they force people to do without the basic comforts (lights, water, heat) ? i guess so. but you'll never see them doing without those things. \r\nunions SUCK!',1
'www.luvsenior.com',0
'Mr Soul, you have no soul if you vote of Mittens',1
'now republicans this is what a true person does and something Mr Romney could never do it is totaly agaisnt his belief. the dollar come before the human's  why else would you layoff workers and send their factory to china as  ceo of bain capatial. As of now 95% of all goverment workers that have been layed off in the last four years have come from  Republican run states, this is just another example of republican beliefs, the people dont matter it is the money that matters. the problem with that thinking is they cant seem to save any money either. as fast as they cut the poor and middle class , just as fast do they give it away to business and the rich. perhaps the good deed that this hotel owner is doing will not go noticed by your party but this is the kind of man the republican party needs instead of ryan -romney greed',1
'It's not the style it is the price.',1
'celebrating narcisicm...I'd like to know WHO did the asking, and WHO was asked. She's not ugly, but she's hardly the "most beautiful" woman. Ask me, I'd say my wife is the most beatiful, ask a 5 year old kid, and he/she will say their mom is the most beautiful...',1
'Not defending Fiskers' here..  But how many Tesla's or Toyota's also got submerged to see what would happen to them.\r\n \r\nI think any electric car with that kind of battery system would have shorted out once the sea water got to a certain level and caused some sort of damage.',1
'I cannot understand why runners would even show up, after seeing the news coverage.  I surely couldn't run the course, because every time I turned a corner and saw more devastation, I'd start bawling again. \r\n  \r\nThey cancelled a basketball game.  The marathon is much, much bigger and will surely take needed personnel away.  I saw on the news last night that some people are still missing.',1
'She is lucky she was in line with the election staff's views. She should have been arrested, as the shirt was in clear violation of the law (and, by the by, where are the conservatives who rail about the "law is the law"?). Instead, she was allowed in the polling place, succeeded in her desire to attract attention to her cause, given a jacket, and allowed to vote.\r\n \r\nIf anything, the people who failed to have her arrested should be charged. The woman should also be charged, as it is still within the window for doing so. She is not deserving of an apology--she's deserving of a few days in jail and a big lawyer's bill.\r\n \r\nOne is not supposed to have a car bumper sticker (as someone else noted) or a lapel button or anything like that within 100 feet of a polling place. I'm sure it occasionally happens (it used to happen that we had to park within 100 feet of the place we voted, though there was a wall between where we were and the polling place.  We now have to vote elsewhere, and it may well be to keep the cars more than 100 feet away from the actual spot where people vote.\r\n \r\nBut, yeah, little Miss "Vote the Bible" should cool her heels in the county jail for a couple of days and figure out that you shouldn't complain when everyone is already bending over backwards (and violating the law) to allow you to vote.',1
'Because that was not the point of the article. The article was about this group of shareholders suing Hershey, not how chocolate companies exploit child labor. In addition, the author notes why Hershey is being singled out, in the 6th paragraph.',1
'CIA press release today said they responded right away...MORE BULLcrap.\r\n \r\nbesides the problem in my mind is that they weren't PREPARED for an attack on 9/11',1
'Marriage? Heck No!!!!!!!\r\n....................  ​ ....................  ​ ............I can do bad all by myself!.............  ​ .................\r\n$hackin'... is the answer. \r\n(Marriage is boring, anyway.)',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',1
'He looks like he's ripping a fart.',1
'ummm why would you want to be in a water where you know something is going to try having you for a snack.  thats kind of like wanting to swim with pirannas isnt it.',1
'That's exactly what i'd want for the sick b*tch if she stabbed my children to death.',1
'hey my friend your already paying it reguardless if no one has healtcare insurance who do you think is picking up the bills. as for medical device manufactures they over charge for everything they make and the taxpayer ends up paying for it anyway hello who covers the cost of the uninsured. lets put the republicans in who already had us into the trillions debt. put two wars on the american credit card, let the banks crash because  of deregulations, ahd  more unemployed at the end of bush term than we have now, had 4 dollar gas prices at the end of bush term. had millions without  healthcare and the taxpayers paying the bills. just another republican with little man syndrome huh, hate the blacks got to get him out of office no matter what lies you tell.  as i said yesterday if this was a white democrat president in office  running for re-election this election wouldnt even be close',1
'I am 60 years old and I like many others have witnessed the death of true country music.  many years ago the nashville connection wanted to distance themselves from "hillbilly" music--wasnt selling. then they shunned Willie, Waylon, Chris Kristoferson, and others like them because the said that these artists "did not represent country".  now they change again probably so they can make more money, well i wouldnt waste a dime on the garbage i heard last night!!!!!',1
'.',1
'I haven't heard it yet [that many times] but The Corin Tucker Band gets iit done [on] their second album!  brackets indicate I reversed meaning of what I meant to say on original posting.',1
'Completely agree.  I felt like both his and Miranda's reactions where "un-grateful".',1
'NO  but I have 2 knockoff pairs that I love. I would absolutely wear uggs if only I could afford them. They really need to consider reducing the prices ab quite a bit.',1
'www.seniorencounter.  ​ com\r\nHighly_Recommend\r\nSenior matchmaking',0
'Please press 1 for English, press 2 for Spanish, press 3 to arrange for a moving van on January 20, 2013.',1
'Hello country music  has went south  they have  lost  there minds the older  people in time past  were in the grove  they were not screaming trying to sing,  as long as they make there millions they are happy.',1
'What a couple of ****es! A couple of morons! Tasteless, crass, rude and crude pix. Bet their parents are happy with their idea! Plus the photo shoot is unglamorous, not very well thought out and uses unimaginative articles of clothing. Stupid is as stupid does.',1
'plus....the obvious....she's not hot....in the least....the fallen tree has better limbs....',1
'he ain't world peace.  He's always violent on the court.  The name is a cover up and a false representation of who he really is.',1
'Photoshop and the nimrod that posted this article is one of MSN/NBC.COMs best..',1
'Your KUNT mama would be better for porn, dick theif',1
'Twenty-nine years ago, I was 19 years old and going to college for an associate degree & "this guy" commanded me (yeah, that's right) to marry him.  He wanted me to quit college, quit my job, and stay home to have babies.  "You're gonna do what I say, and you're gonna marry me!"  I definitely had no interest in this Neanderthal (oh, maybe that insults Neanderthals, maybe they were more advanced than this guy), so I figured, if I stay in college, he'll get bored with me and find a new hobby, like some other poor fool girl who will marry him.  I said, "I want to finish college first, okay?"  He said, "No wife a mine gonna go to no college.  You gonna do what you're told, and you're gonna marry me!"    I said, "You know, if you talk that way to me, I'm gonna leave you."  "You'll never leave me.  You can't live five minutes without me.  You'll just come crawling back."  He only talked like this when there were no other people around.  When other people were around, he was a perfect gentleman.   I knew if I married him, my life would be hell.  I stayed in college.  My friends were angry with me for not marrying him, they said, "You are so stupid!  You coulda stayed home and he'd pay the bills!  Why did you leave him?  You don't need college!"  I got my associate degree, then went nights and got my bachelor's.  I got a good job, then got "downsized."  I used the time off to go to paralegal school and got a third college degree.  I am so thankful every day that I stayed in college.  I have a career and own a home and I have travelled to Europe, Africa, Canada, and other places.  I am self-supporting and control my own life.  Every day, I thank God that He gave me the common sense to make the right decision.  So many girls would be young and gullible with all this romantic nonsense that movies and romance novels put in their silly heads -- I would say a good percentage of girls would be thrilled to marry a guy, even if he was a jerk, because everything in "the media" (books, TV, movies) convince girls that jerks will change and they really love them, yada-yada-freakity-y  ​ ada...    Well, guess what?  For the past three decades I've seen a lot of people trapped in rotten hellish marriages. \r\n  \r\nGirls who are reading this:  If someone is a jerk, leave before it's too late.  Go to school.  Learn a job skill if you can't afford college.  Be able to support yourself.  And don't be afraid to leave an abusive relationship.  I left an abusive man and I thank God every day that I did.  Don't let someone manipulate you or control you, even if he keeps saying that he "loves you."  If someone loves you, he doesn't make you feel bad about yourself.  Don't throw away your future for some guy's false promises that he'll take care of you.',1
'And the turtles said, you're a few million years too late! And we thought we were slow!',1
'Gotta love them corporations.',1
'Then why don't you go back to the kitchen and pick up your own food - trust me the server wouldn't mind.  Fill up your own glass - trust me, the server won't mind.  Servers don't want customers like you because you make their life a living hell.  If you're going to walk into a restaurant KNOWING that you're going to have a waiter/waitress SERVING you.  You better be prepared to tip them for doing all of the dirty work for you.  Otherwise, stay at home.  You make everyone around you miserable.',1
'LMAO!  It reminds me of that scene in the classroom of "The Hangover" where they have to do their community hours. \r\n  \r\nAnd all you PC quiff's can get screwed.',1
'Alcohol is easy for me to avoid. I hate the tastes. So, a pregnancy would make that even easier. \r\n Fetal development is what it is.  \r\n However, I think how much another woman consumes during her pregnancy is best decided by her and her doctor. \r\n And since this lady isn't pregnant - moot points all around.',1
'"Sorry about your luck !"',1
'Pretty much the whore in all aspects kills it. But yes you and others are right, as soon as her stock (ie how she is trending on twitter as the measuring device) drops something like another sex tape will come out. Just don't tell me people will be surpirsed by this? But if people are dumb enough to care or be interested in the non important things (her whole life) she does and she and her handlers are smart enough to work the situation and take advantage of it then what can we say? Only way we will get rid of her is to ignore her. Attention is her power and ignoring her is her kryptonite.\r\nI think its time',1
'we must pray for our Pres. The one now and the one to  Be.  Open a window of blessing  for all.',1
'And before you respond with Indians own casino's. Thats not entirely true. Native American have permits for casino's in less then 5 states. Most casinos operated by Native are owned by a single family and not the whole tribe.\r\n \r\nPoor white man because I cant get a job in the world my ancestors he created for themselves boo hoo boo hoo. That is how you sound to most people on the internet......\r\n \r\nStop pitying yourself you sniveling fool pick up a book and sign up for Community college and go learn you self some spanish. \r\n \r\nAnd by the Way Spanish was here LONGGGGG before english so remember that next time you go to say some dumb borderline bigot ****. the Whole nation is named after the spanish AMERICA.... The NINA, THE PINTA AND THE SANTA MARIA Christopher Columbus Arrived before the Mayflowers filthy inhabitants gave the locals small pox.\r\n \r\nCortez had already duked it out with the Myans at this point..... So learn your history **** before you open your face peice......',1
'Every friggin time I have been stopped I always get a ticket!!!!!  I don't say a word, I just answer the questions and sign the damned ticket.  HELP!  What am I doing wrong?',1
'Going to bed angry actually helps us. It gives us time to cool down and rest before figuring out our problems.',1
'Then BEFORE eating at the establishment, find out if your server is actually earning a wage to "do their job."  Or take a look at the federal and state minimum wage laws posted at your employer.  You will probably notice that the minimum wage for "tipped employees" is usually around HALF THE MINIMUM WAGE FOR A NON TIPPED EMPLOYEE.  There just aren't enough restaurant owners who pay a "tipped" employee to do their Job.',1
'Who the hell wants to be in "Heaven" with douchebags like you, ****abee and Mother Theresa?',1
'I don't know about the rest of you, but I am so sick of the negative campaign ads from both candidates. Can't wait for this election to be over.',1
'iMelapelanphone!',1
'When I was a kid we had "Moon Boots", they were just as Uggly, but at least they were waterproof.',1
'HAVE AT IT ::___BUT ROMNEY  IS your NEXT president>>',1
'The top five cars most likely to get away in a evasion situation; \r\n\r\nToyota Camry Nissan Altima Honda CR-V\r\nFord Fusion Honda Accord \r\n Anyone guess why? Could it be because they are the 5 most common cars sold in America, there for the easiest to blend in? Evasion isn't about out running the police; it's about hide and seek, not speed.',1
'Come back, Loretta',0
'Most fo the styles are not too attractive.  The price is too expensive.  It took me several years before purchase a pair for my trip to Europe during winter.  They are very warm and comfortable.  Reduce the price and add new designs, perhaps their sales will boost up.  :-)',1
'When you condemn others you condemn yourself',1
'There is plenty of risk with a debit card.  Fraud protection on a debit card is completely different, and often non-existent compared to a credit card.   \r\n  \r\nAnd $300 a year cash back is a little more then a "few bucks." \r\n  \r\nIf you loose your job, you would be in the EXACT SAME financial position with a debit card as you would be with a credit card, so that argument holds no water.  Sorry.  \r\n  \r\nI treat my credit card just like a debit card.  I only buy what I can afford to pay for.  The only difference is that I get paid big bucks to do it.  My debit card doesn't pay me anything.',1
'Before I started worrying about a mpg listing being off by 1 m.p.g. I would worry about all the fraud there is in the welfare systems. REALLY, this is the biggest problem our government has got?',1
'LMAO! Love it! "Happy wife, happy life."',1
'Sorry to hear of your troubles... \r\n  \r\nOh well.  Some people find love.  Others don't. Whatever life gives you, find happiness in your own way.',1
'I hope the UFC doesn't pick up this story.',1
'Quit with the single mom badge of honor crap. Remember it's your body your choice. Quit whining about be a single mom. Find a freaking partner if it's such an inconvenience. When I hear oh I'm a single Mom I think yeah and you are single for a reason. Maybe you are way to wrapped up with your kids or just a crappy person no one can live with and your kids are urgently waiting for the time when they can dump your **** and live on their own.',1
'henry miller \r\n  \r\nYou are a moron! Only a worhtless union PUKE would attempt to justify what they did.  \r\n  \r\nGo vote for your racist union loving pos in chief. The rest of us who are able to think for ourselves and actually produce in the workplace will vote for Romney.',1
'I think Simon made a huge mistake with Khole. It has nothiing to do with my thoughts about her personally, but she is stiff and when questions are asked of the judges, it is painfully obvious that she is reading a script and its really bad. Simon you're gonna lose people. The other one that is completely driving me nuts is Demi OH PULEEZ the next time I hear her say I see it behind your eyes blaa blaa blaa oh I'll strangle her!',1
'@PaxPax-\r\n \r\nProve it.  While you're at it, explain to me why Venus and Mars are also getting statistically warmer, and have been for the past half century.  Pretty sure there aren't any SUVs or coal burning factories on either of those planets.',1
'All 3 stations: same stories, same order.........',1
'there is a reason those "stick models" are on magazine covers and why the horse is on the back of a busted up car.  people buy the magazines because the models look good and that car is going to be written off as totaled.',1
'The union is another reason there is unemployment , because a skilled worker becomes a \r\nvictim of that  game while the others waiting in line to learn what he already knows are placed \r\nahead of him (senioritized) what a joke and what a bunch of dumbrowskis.',1
'Did she stiff the server with a strap on or a dildo? I sure hope the server was female or that dude would be so emasculated.',1
'Metalhead who is #1 then? China? India? Obama has done more good in 4 years than Bush did in 8. What EXACTLY has he destroyed? He's spent 4 years getting everything back on track and it's almost there, but if you fools put Mitt in office, things will go back to the way they were 8 years ago, with $5 a gallon gas, no jobs, and people living in the street.\r\n \r\nThe Repubs put people in the sitution to have to have government assistance to survive, and then sit back and b!tch and cry like little girls if people actually use that assistance. Is more of that what you want? Cuz I don't....I want to move.....FORWARD.',1
'Already Baked!!!',1
'And we're supposed to care about any of that.... why again?',0
'She bores me.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Heineken...'nuf said!',1
'Hey Laurel, check all the thumbs down....you are brainwashed !',1
'So the pizza guy gets $5.00 for driving to the house of a generous customer and exchanging three words with him, and the waitress who makes her living by being courteous and attentive gets stiffed on a $140.00 - a hundred and forty dollar!!! - meal.  Some people expect a tip just for interacting with the general public at a cash register.  Some people like to abuse a waitress for an hour and a half and then stiff them half their wages for the effort.  The tipping culture in this country is so out of whack.  Come to think of it, I think it's pretty representative :\',1
'You must not know about what happened on the east coast. Granted, hurricane sandy did happen before Halloween, but I think it still qualifies as a bad thing on Halloween.',1
'Another good strike for random acts of kindness, that was super nice of him to allow Logan to score the TD for his pops.......:') and the returns will come back 10 fold, have you done your random act of kindness today...?',1
'Yeah, wait until the real reality sets in and the people realize that the goverment can't do anymore. That it will take alot longer to get the basic back up and running... and that there are those people to take advantage of the good folks there ( even though the media and officials are doing a good job of covering that up) crime is an issue. Keeping warm is an issue, food is an issue, water is an issue. OH yeah lets not forget your insurance companies squirming out of paying your claims... Good luck to all of you. \r\nSo what I saying is forget about this girl in the photo, poor taste, yes but, forget about it you have much bigger troubles...maybe your mayor Bloomburg should give the mayor of Miami a call for some advice..\r\nBoy your mayor there in NY is a real pip.... knows everything ... good for him.',1
'If you don't understant then you must be a Democrat.',1
'Creepy! so now Miley is just another no talented Ho!,no suprise.',1
'Now Online dαting is not just for young people any more. Thousands of older singles are reaching out for new ways to meet up and start a new life together. -----(  www.seniorencounter.  ​ CoM  )-----is a focused community for older men dating older women. If you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try! You are never too old to fall in love!',0
'Paralyzed from the neck up!',1
'Uggs nowadays are not the original Uggs made in Australia.  They were outsourced to China because of demand and the quality ain't what it used to be, sorry.',1
'Yes! Hotels should not kick out Sandy victims to accomodate marathoners. The marathoners should not even consider going to NY right now. How inhumane.',1
'Here's what you can expect in retirement: Nobody will care about you personally, but they will care about (and resent you for) how much money you have. Every scam artist in the country will ignore the do-not -call list and bother you daily trying to get your money. The IRS will pester you for more money. The politicians will game the system against your retirement income sources since "that's where the money is".  Your routine bills will increase year after year. People will assume you're both stupid and out of touch. All the expenses of life will increase, and all your income resources will shrink. People will resent you if you don't suffer as appropriately as they may deem proper. People will write stupid articles like this one while not knowing one more thing about what the future may bring to the economy than you do. The dollar will be diluted as politicians and the Bernanke types try to stave off fiscal disasters of their own making. Happy retirement.',1
'Who cares what you "think"????',1
'Owls are such graceful creatures',1
'It's sad commentary of our day that one must adapt to brutal cynicism to accommodate economic reality, but alas, such is the requirement of our lives in order to maintain a steady fiscal personal compass. Unlike Army's comments above, I don't find the need to declare poverty in order to keep the pocket-pickers out of my assets, however I do acknowledge that his proximity to the New York system may indeed require this behavior of him in order to keep them from picking his bones clean before he's  through using them, especially now that the Northeast has been visited by new needs for even  higher taxes. I'm sure those needs will find their way to justify higher taxes and insurance rates for us all.',1
'anyone who gives me a thumbs down should burn in hell!!!!!!!!',1
'freak ou!!!!! t then take the best pup in the place',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'This picture taken from the dictionary under SHlT EATING GRIN!',1
'She probably wanted him to see the pics, which is why she left them in there.',1
'Observations of a man.................  ​ .I find more and more women are doing work on advanced degrees.  I can't say the same is true of men.    I've always felt that women are smarter than men but men are stronger and expected to support a family, thus we have historically had the best jobs even though there were lots of women supporting and taking care of families.  Things are "achangin" and women are now pursuing the same jobs men have but in order to do so, they have to have better credentials.  Not fair but true.    \r\n \r\nAnd btw, in case any of my fellow men haven't noticed.............  ​ .women are starting to be a force in politics.  You male chauvanists better wear your tight underwear and keep them tucked in!  We've run the world for centuries and screwed it up worse and worse.  I'd like to see what a woman could do as president.',1
'He just doesn't know the difference between candy and nose candy! He probably thinks "What's the difference? Candy is candy". This is also the kind of reasoning ability you have after you fry your brain.',1
'and this guy will be president if obama is unable to be during his term....honestly a normal simple high school educated person could be better than this guy...he is such a poser',1
'I'll try just about anything as long as it's not movin'   ! ! !',1
'Yeah, I lied about everything...so what...',1
'Taylor just needs to grow up. Amazing that guys will still go out with her knowing that if it doesn't work out they will be her next song. Why in the world any of her stuff turn into "hits" I will never know. Her new one "never ever getting back together" drives me up the wall, most annoying song ever, her voice is like nails on a chalkboard. I would choose carrie over taylor any day.',1
'HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!',0
'ok, i can't think of anything on the internet more adorable than these pictures. adorable cats can't hold a candle to adorable cat/dog combinations! is it possible to go into cuteness overload? my cats (who are sans chien, unfortunately), are listening to me ooh and ahh and they know it has to do with animals, but can't make the connection with the plastic box my nose is always in. i really gotta get them a dog.',1
'earphone',1
'Day late and a dollar short. Rushing into production guarantees two things. First, they will be terribly more expensive. Second, they will not be as well constructed, and more apt to fail if rushed.',1
'I say instead of running a marathon, give those people a chainsaw to cut up fallen trees, or bundles of bottled water to pass out. Then maybe you will earn your hotel room. Honestly, a marathon less than 4-5 days after the worst storm in NY since 1938?',1
'I have a MINI Countryman, and while I really like it, it has never gotten the 37 mpg that they claim (maybe down a mountain with a tailwind).  On the highway, it gets about 32 mpg, and around town, about 30 mpg.',1
'Dam! This job is a lot harder than being a community organizer? If I knew that, I would never have run for President because I really screwed things up!',1
'msnNOW posts what is trending.  It is not a news organization and MSN is no longer partnered with the news organization msNBC,',1
'That's what the nazi's said',1
'Are you better off today than four years ago before B.O.'s 2008 Hope and Change \r\n$4500 loss in personal net worth \r\n23 million out of work \r\nfrom 23 million to 46.7 million food stamp recipients  \r\nfrom 4 trillion to $16 TRILLION deficit spending just 3 ½ yrs \r\n20 new taxes as a result of ObamaCare \r\nFewer Americans working today than Jan 2008 \r\nNo foreign policies, US Ambassador and staff under attack ask for help, denied and murdered \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nWashington D.C. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man B.O.OB 2012 R & R',1
'Unlike the forthright corporations and businesses, right? Who shipped jobs overseas in the name of higher profits and polluted our environment when there were no regulations and now instead of being "responsible for their actions" like the conservatives always want individuals to be, many delcare bankruptcy and leave the clean up of their toxic waste to the federal government if it gets cleaned up at all. Does this mean I am blindly pro union? No! But I am also not blindly pro no regeulations on businesses. We need to work together to come up with a good balance between the two extremes. I don't understand why most people have become like little kids on the playground who have to have it their way and their way only or they take their ball and go home so no one can have a good time. It's called working together people. Compromise is not a bad word - it is how things used to get done.',1
'Dear atheists and everyone:  \r\n God loves you.  \r\n I'm not going to judge anyone for not believing, but I personally choose to believe because the reward is living in Heaven and God gives everyone blessings, even if they may not see it. I'm the kind of Christian to pray and love people, not to point forceful fingers. Whether you come to God or not is your choice, but know that God will be waiting if you change your mind. Prayers and thoughts to anyone being affected by Hurricane Sandy, and for any situation.  \r\n I can do all things through Christ that strengthens me-Phillipians 4:13',1
'How is that even possible? The reaction is within the battery that causes the fire. How can something be submerged and on fire?',1
'Yes, white men, the highest beneficiaries of white privilege have it SO tough in the US.  Give me a break!  If you're white in this country, heck in the WORLD, and you're not where you want to be, look in the mirror.   \r\n  \r\nStep up to the plate.  Learning a second language is a skill, not an Affirmative Action token for a minority who can speak another language.  Some people will alwats use race to justify their own shortcomings.',1
'Duh',1
'Women, you want a "good" man? At least attempt to stay in good shape, practice excellent personal hygiene, bite your tongue before complaining, and knock off the drama!',1
'Yeah! Love you Miranda',1
'I might be wicked smart when I'm drunk, but that doesn't explain why everyone looks more beautiful after 1 AM.',1
'They forgot another way to get free movies and television. A certain device currently on the market allows people to receive television channels, including some not on included with most cable and satellite services, absolutely free - RIGHT OUT OF THIN AIR! Often hidden away on the back shelves, it goes by many names; the slang term, "rabbit ears", is common among habitual users. It works on any set in any room in the house; you can even use it outdoors! Some addicts have even been known to increase the effects by adding aluminum foil, which is still legally available in many stores.',1
'There is nothing even remotely cute about this cat.',1
'The only reason I might not tip as well as I normally do would be bad service/attitude. I would likely still  tip thono more than the minimum and then offer my opinion directly to the management.',1
'I am sorry but if it was I in the situation, in the officer's shoes that is, I know for sure I would want to teach that disrespectful brat a lesson but I do not know about using a Taser on the child. I'd just pull out my 9 mil and teach him a real life lesson. LOL I am just joking, don't get your panties out of whack. Why is everyone siding for the child, and saying the parents should sue? Hello, to the parents of the child, my question to you is, "Why is the heck do you have a 10 year old child who thinks he can disrespect the police, much less any other authority figure?" Perhaps Mom and Dad passed that little attitude down, you learn what you live. If your, obviously angelic child watches those around him (which should be his parents at his age) and those same people disrespect and sh*t-talk about the police, how is that child going to grow up to become??? This attitude from the kids today is abhorrent. There is absolutely no respect (obviously I'm speaking in generalities, I know there are exceptions to the rule) for other people, other's possessions, heck...even their lives sometime. I don't think this cop should be on leave and I don't think this child has been so horribly, mentally injured that he's afraid....hey a*hole, maybe the next time a cop tells you to do something, you'll pull up your saggin' pants, and do what you are told. If at 10 you have already got the, "ain't nobody gonna tell me what to say" someone needs to knock some fear into you. I think the Taser did its job. Perhaps, little boy, you are faced with a similar situation, you will certainly remember that lesson and do whatever it is the police ask you to do-even if they say act like a chicken laying an egg. Responsibility for your child's behavior is directly related to how the child was treated and raised as a child. I don't want to hear this boo-hoo crap. I would do the same IN A HEARTBEAT. I am sure he learned the meaning of respect after he was done pissing his pants due to the 50K volts he just received. Be a good parent, teach your children right, and stop looking for someone to blame for everything. Ugh',0
'"ignorance is bliss"... but so is a nice scotch, fine wine, or rich beer. Intelligent people don't possess the luxury that is ignorance, but we do have booze.',1
'Child labor? If so, shut them down ASAP. I will not buy another Hersh3ey product until I know they no longer exploit and abuse children. My opinion only.',1
'LMAO not only genital size but brain size as well......very well said.  Yes, there is quite a circle of them on here and like you said previously they come out we shed light on them they disappear and then five more appear....never ending parade of 'cock' roaches on here that is for damn sure!!!  What I ALWAYS found amazing was how easily he would get you booted off of here but yet the other a$$holes would remain...too bad you weren't here last evening as when he came crying to me like the little woman he is I let him have it both barrells and he couldn't deete, run and hide fast enough....well...he did accuse me of being 'mean' I just wanted to live up to it, that's all LOL!!!',1
'I think it is about time and I hope that the rest of the country and then the world will soon come to ban all forms of animal mills and backyard breeders.  Animals are to be loved and cared for - they are not meant for profit.  All forms of animal mills are nothing more then torture for the animals.  Responsible licensed pure bred breeders are the only to purchase pure bred animals.  Rescue and shelter animals will always be the best way to add a new family member.   Save an animals life and let them save you.',1
'It was just about now that Bush was being called racist because the Katrina victims were in an uproar about the government not helping them fast enough.  Is Obama racist  now - it seems there are a lot of white people suffering now.',1
'Give that man a medal',1
'..Evolving....It's a disgrace to real country music.',1
'LOL',1
'And listen to the sheep baaaaahhhhhh.',1
'I think they're 1) freedom of expression and 2) a heartening example of how human beings thumb their noses at adversity.',1
'Viper....According to the msn story...I won't need luck....But you keep hoping that your cyborg overlord will pull through.',1
'Well  they would freeze anyway if Mitt was President.',1
'Photo shop at it's worst... might have been better if they'd used it on HER instead of the background.',1
'I dont think the bit*ch should get her job back that for sure.',1
'ah yes, more educated, but in what, lots of liberal arts degrees, communication, etc... shame of it is the college educations does not pay what it use to... A BWM service mechnic can demand 90K, a communications major 30k or less, liberal arts degree, welcome to the world of cell phone sales, telemarketing.  todays economy is more technical oriented, that is were the money is.  this is the liberal media always pusing college, college loans, when america realizes we are not getting what we pay for at college then we can figure out our economy.  colleges are a money makeing insitiution, the longer they keep you in it the more they make, not what you make.  I married up, she is just a better person then me...',1
'That was my first marriage.  I bought the house and paid all the bills.  You'd think a kept man would be more appreciative.  The macho jerk wanted me to get his permission before I spent my money to buy anything.  Yes, I accept I was stupid, younger and dumber, but he's now an ex.',1
'Failure to go to the hospital and/or file a police report, and have him arrested the very same day simply doesn't pass the smell test---any way you slice it.',1
'Where I worked before I retired there was a water leak in a sink in the bathroom.  It was referred to the city plumbers.  A city plumber showed up a couple of days later with a clipboard wehn int the bathroom and said he was done.  I asked him if he fixed the leak and was told no,he only writes up plumbing problems, a repair plumber would have to do the work.  To clarify, thesewere city union plumbers.',1
'Hugging might lead to TERRIBLE things like kindness, tenderness and gentle compassion.  We can't have that!  Now go back to rat mouthing your neighbor, especially if they're slightly different from you.  Oh, and don't forget we have to go bomb some strangers in some foreign land somewhere.',1
'Union is the only way to go if you want to make a decent living wage and have a shot at benefits. The conservatives in this country would be happy if you had a dirt floor in your home and were eating tree leaves and insects.',1
'I love both cats...however, I find it disturbing that Shishi-Maru is not altered.   With thousands of cats and dogs put to sleep every year due to overpopulation, the most humane thing to do is get him fixed!\r\n \r\nShame on you.',1
'B.S.  even with a little truth is still B.S. unions do   not  turn awayhelp in a situation like this',1
'I'll bet you order gravy on the side, just in case.',1
'Why of all the stu...........neverm  ​ ind. I, for one, will not feed the troll . Have a GREAT day.',1
'how can pix of a disastrous nature,(with some airhead bimbo posing)-be glamourous???....so tacky',1
'Can u explain to me y u and others r calling this couple all kinds of names and making comments about their character? Because I'm confused as to y someone can't have fun after a disaster. Is she supposed to sit around helpless whining about all the damage and destruction? Cause I'm almost certain the one of the best traits about mankind is the ability to overcome problems. Therefore y r u and others so hell bent on trying to keep her down?',1
'Yes!  I have the wedge ones and they are in fashion and warm love them . The low heel does not work for me.',1
'Life is so lonely,I am a single woman at present.I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on[ google or bing seek add riders] under the name of Swedish…it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for. ',0
'Wow, not sure how I'd react, but Ms. Karen would definitely be hearing from me and I think I'd have to make sure every facebook friend I have knew about it too.  This woman needs a lesson in sensitivity to say the least. How incompetent',1
'Actually women are just showing how shallow most of them really are. Smart men don't get married only the hen pecked ones do, also known as the mommas boys. Marriage life is a "hell hath no fury like a woman scorned"  and women use this excuse to their advantage along with pms all typical excuses to act like a bitch.',1
'She will probably be broke in a few years.',1
'The only good product they made was the women's scuff slipper, which they promptly discontinued and replaced with more ugly slippers. No, I will not shop there again. I can get ugly shoes where I live.',1
'Im not a handwriting expert either...but if you look at the o's for example: the one o is very slender and comes to a point, the other o (single mom sorry) is very wide and doesnt even connect all the way. I definitely think this is not the same person's writing.',1
'Dude, calm down ! It sounds like you are suffering from OptoRectalus.  Take an enema and try to get some sleep.',1
'I never trust cartoon characters when making important political decisions, so that is why I am not listening to Burns or Obama.',1
'if she was inline with the election staff views they would not have said anything.',1
'Is Monica L at the White House???',1
'the people doing the study must've been drunk and probably on crack.',1
'I went through the same thing with a friend. Moved her and her kid out, got them set up in a new place, all that. One month later she was back with him. I guess she thought things would change? That relationship ended up costing her custody of her son, and she eventually left the guy for good. She found out a few years later that he would come by every night and unscrew her porch light and sit there and watch her though the windows (she thought the light fixture had a short in it). After a lot of therapy, she finally got right about it and realized how destructive the relationship had been. In a lot of cases I think the physical moving is only half the battle - for it to really work you have to work at undoing the mental f*ck the abuser has done as well.',1
'Child labor is a HUGE terrible problem all over the world from Africa, to India, and Asia!  At one time, countries like France, UK, Spain,... would actual invade a country to colonize it just so they can forcce people to work as slaves under gun point.  This same practice has taken several face-lifts and name changes, but the procedure is still the same - forced child labor.\r\n.\r\nThose of you that are making light of this situation might regret one day.  Just imagine that you have two young daughters age 5 and 7, instead of being in school, they are forced to work out in the farm, factories...  \r\n \r\nI don't know how to fix this problem, but we can start by not making it worse.  Global free trade is not happing.',1
'How can anyone call that country music?  Hank, Roy, Marty, Johnny, so many more are rolling over in their graves.  Only thing worth watching was Willy, and the tribute made to Connie Smith.  Now that is country and what CMA should stand for.  The other music has its place but not  under the label of  "Country Music".  I know this is a younger generation but then let the Country to those left to best represent it.  George Strait, Alan Jackson, George Jones and a few others still with us, and when they are gone don't call it country anymore. With all the technology you techies can figure out a new name for the music.',1
'well,   I agree they are pricey,   and with them being made in China,  :(\r\n they did this to themselves,\r\nlower the price,   \r\nI have enjoyed my pair,  have only had them 18 months,   but they are very warm ,    as I have been told the knockoffs are too,      sooooo\r\nwith most people having to tighten their spending,    can't blame them for shopping the bargain\r\n \r\nLOWER YOUR PRICES,   AND THEY WILL COME   !!!',1
'An old saying from my father, "It's not how much you make, but how you manage what you make".  In other words, someone making $50,000 a year can't live like someone making $75,000.00 a year.  Live within your means.  Always live on less than you make. And, save, save, save.',1
'If she had a hard hat, tool belt and chain saw in her hands and using it, Now that would be glamour shot.',1
'He's smoking stuff again!',1
'i bet its fake',1
'You guys do know there is a big difference between children working on a family farm and children trapped in slavery being forced to work industrial farms at gunpoint...right?\r\n \r\nHershey's also ran a scam in which they offered work/study programs to teens in developing countries. For a hefty sum the families could send their children to PA, but once there the kids were paid only pocket change, slept a large number in substandard dorms and were virtually trapped on Hershey's property. If they complained the company threatened to deport them. \r\n \r\nYes, the Hershey forebearers are twirling furiously by now. That's what happens when you allow companies to run with NO regulation or oversight.',1
'now that's what I call great sportsmanship.  RIP to your dad, Thompson.',1
'Hey Tog & Patriot... \r\nHow many "economic downturns" have we been through over the years??  \r\nI can remember at least 4 or 5 pretty good ones myself. \r\nAnd you know, people couldn't find work in every single one of them either..... coincidence?? \r\n  \r\nLMAO',1
'Okay they got her statement ... now kill the b_itch !!!',1
'David Jimenez ! nothing is for free.. You asked if your wife could be cured and she was.  \r\nThe cost was your leg. What part of the deal you didn't understand?',1
'GGG702,\r\nWhat you said makes no sense and is not based on anything in the article, but stems from your imagination and your own personal baggage.  There was no mention of men in the article, the restaurant customer was not trying to make a man kiss her butt - presumably she was out with her kids and no man was present.  And the whole point was that she did not have a man paying for her meal, that's why she gave the excuse that she was a single mom as an explanation for not leaving a tip.',1
'Mike Brown is overrated. I was saying that, in his Cleveland days.',1
'unions will be the death of this country.',1
'What a stupid question! Hell no. This idiot was playing with the weapon, and probably not accustomed to the proper handling of firearms. William and Kate are lucky he didn't accidentally shoot one of them instead. This is one of the dangers of a truly restrictive gun control policy such as the one they have over there. People are totally unfamiliar with pistols, rifles, etc, and do not have the respect for them that they should. I am sure he was admiring the toy he had been entrusted with; imagining shooting an IRA assassin or Al Qaida member, and was genuinely surprised when it discharged. He could easily shot his partner, too. I would ask for a different one if I was the other guy.',1
'he drifted in a sheepish calm',1
'When I was younger we use to tease that sooner or later the Government would tax us for breathing. Who'd have thunk it. It's called Cap & Trade.\r\n\r\nIt's Global Warming Stupid.\r\n\r\nHey Bloomberg. It's called Climate Change Stupid. Something that's been happening since the World Coalesced. If you believe in Evolution then Mankind wouldn't have existed without it.',1
'"October surprise: Sandy + Jobs report = Obama final boost! See you guys tomorrow during the jobs report"   Apparently, helping NY & NJ is an anti-Romney contagion. Obama picks up NYC Bloomberg's endorsement and the backing of millions nationwide for his proactive work during the disaster--- I hear whole states are changing their minds and supporting the President. In fact, they are also supporting anyone but a **** Republican in Congress... suggesting a clean sweep. Are you reading this Rover? Better go lick some Koches crotches to get more slander and mudslinging bucks. That's got to smell and taste nasty... but only you would know. America is getting immune to TV commercials. TiVO works! I hear the Bushes are having Romney ads printed on the inside cover of bibles and sending Mormons door to door in Ohio to beg for votes or can goods that Romney will drop in a bucket for a photo op ($1,000 cash, no checks). Laura Bush is out stumping... she's been heard to say "if you can't get their vote, run them over with your car. Use MY lawyer."  Adelson has a new slot machine at the Bellagio... you put promises of jobs in it and it takes $5 Trillion out of your bank account... unless your account is offshore, then it asks for a million Ben Bernanke fiat bucks or a $1 token, whichever you still think are worth more. Word is-- the entire Party of NO is still on a golf vacation. None have taken one shot yet because all have too many handicaps and no balls. The guy they hired to keep score just quit. Everytime he raised his hand toward paper, they would all yell "no, don't sign that" and handed him a cool million in lobby bucks to comply. So he did and now owns his own Cayman Island.',1
'fact is, we're all getting screwed by the oil companies.',1
'<My 2011 Sonata gets 40 mpg, rated at 35 mpg.  ?????',1
'Unions created the greatness of America, the middle class. Why do you think the rich are so hell bent to destroy unions? Do you really think business will pay good wages, and benefits, without unions to offset their power?',1
'. \r\nNo, the 1938 hurricane was far bigger with tidal storm surge levels at 18 feet.  Waves washed clear across the island. There were many other hurricanes as big or bigger as well.',1
'I just love this!! Will the real Mitt-wanna- Rob us, please stand up..!',1
'We can't afford four more years! Anyone but Obama for 2012 Election.',1
'Coastie....a bit sensitive when the shoe is on the other foot, huh?! GW vacationed at his home, not at lush private, hoddy toddy sites. Plus GW stopped golfing when we went to war, Obama.....?',1
'The so-called "obstruction" by the GOP may be the only thing saving the middle class from Obama and the democrats. \r\nBarack Obama is a community organizer. He knows how to grow division and class warfare. He knows nothing of growing economies. Left alone in control, democrats created policies that were not only not helpful to the economy and the middle class, they are harmful.',1
'The 'thank you' message looks like it came from the same person who signed. However, the 'single mom' post looks like it was written by someone completely different, probably a teenager.',1
'anyone know where this house is? Oh YOO HOOO trick or Treat!',1
'Are you serious?  I'll agree that long distance relationships don't work for long, but men don't chase women for very long anyway.  He will only stay as long as she is perfect-hair, nails, cute outfits, no bigger than a size 8 and does what she's told. The man will marry this perfect girl and complain as soon as he sees the bills for this upkeep. To keep this guy, she keeps working and hands her babies over to daycare at six weeks. Her in-laws will hate her, but what choice is there?  If you stay at home to take care of the kids, good luck finding a job when the kids go to school.  A man may be able to earn a decent living doing manual labor, but a woman usually can't.  So she gets a degree and tries to get by and pay her way. \r\n I've been a stay at home mom for awhile. My husband wanted it that way.  I drive an old car without A/C,  I have never had a manicure and I haven't had a vacation for 7 years. I have NEVER complained to my husband.  He has kept his job in a bad economy and I count our blessings.  I can only hope that my husband doesn't meet the "perfect girl" and decide that I don't measure up despite my best efforts.  When my youngest starts school next fall,  I will try to squeeze my way back into the job market.  His degree, plus 15 years in the field, gives him a little security. My degree, plus 8 years at home with the kids, MIGHT keep me from asking "Do you want fries with that?" \r\nBeing a nice married woman with children and no education is dangerous.',1
':)',1
'Not bad!  But I would have shot him and been done with it.',1
'I just don't trust the Dems . that "set up" these machines .',1
'typical libtard response. Deflect and differ.',0
'Good God, truer words have never been spoken!!! and once you're in, there is no safe way out!!!',1
'Hahaha..Have you always been this delusional?.You might want to see someone about that.',1
'I just don't get taylor swift as country, it's just little girl bubble gum music,, sing another song about another boy who has dumped you.  Maybe they are leaving you behind for a reason?   Comon nashville get it together. What's next/ we have a bubble gum queen all we need now is a boy band!!',1
'Why do you believe owls think?',1
'You mean MSN intentionally mis-lead us to sensationalize the story??? That's preposterous!',1
'I don't know,  my parents are going on 56 yrs. and I know that their has been infidelity on both sides and they separated for a short time and somehow worked through the problems and now after all these years they stand strong, so I would think that for them its about compromise, love,  understanding, and a whole lot a patience.',1
'When I bought my pair of Uggs they were $140 now its damn near $160 other styles have seen $20-$50 increases within only two years who the hell has that kind of money to keep up with that...they were already expensive compared to other similar designs and now they have just lost it...if the prices go back to what they were I will definitely buy another pair',1
'"Still clueless"',1
'ive been doing my part',1
'Maru: "It`s good to be the king..".',1
'"huh, couldn't care less about these people and they love me, sure I'll let them believe I'm legal to be president and that I'm a christian, it pays my bills"',1
'Love my Uggs...would buy more if I could afford them. I think that is probably the\r\nsame for many people.',1
'Mainly sharks, they are the most dangerous of all the fish there are. Sharks are very dangerous. You never know when they will show up. Jellyfish are also very dangerous, stingrays, mantarays and several other fish are known to be very dangerous in the ocean.',1
'fire the idiot principal.',1
'This saddens me very much, Wherever I see these ugly deformed "boots"... there is a beautiful **** and hot girl to follow... seriously i don't know why so many attractive chicks have these things!!!! \r\n\r\nSAVE THE BOOTS!!!!!!!!!',1
'Inexcu$able oxymoronic behavior!! A bill that high but can't afford a low end tip... made me think about the people driving cadillac$ and can't really afford to feed their kids!!',1
'Liberal Hollywood, media and politicians endorse Obama...is that news???  We need change to save this country from socialism.',1
'Hell no. Only the Apple sheep would do that. BAAAAAAA...',1
'Im so done watching this show ! I wish the  kardashians would just crawl back under a rock somewhere...... mr cowell Just destroyed the show completely adding that too it, Mr Lopez needs to run and get away from a bad career choice...( hooking up with a kardashian as a co anchor )',1
'Me saying "I do"  with my ex-wife.',1
'An occasional glass of wine or a beer. Hard liquor and a high BAC says I am not ready to be a Mommy. Wow, sad really. Where is the Daddy or family of this lost zombie girl I wonder.',1
'Alex, go and get your meds and take them. Also quit believing just any ole thing you read online, it's not healthy. As far as "... Chinese were prepared to send their "people" to American shores to seize property", well, I think the Navy and the Marines can keep the Chinese away. Of course, if you mean legal recourse, they'd hire US lawyers for that. But bankruptcy is what stops US lawyers, so worthless financial instruments are NOT an instrument of international coercion. Get real!',1
'Smug mug, as usual',1
'An old bruised pear, others were thrown or laying around the old ladies house, my friend threw his i was nice enough to use a garbage can later on.',1
'Wow what a jerk. I used to bartend I would never tip less than 20%',1
'small books that had stories in them.about the size of a cell phone,with about 10 pages and even pictures.. early 60's to mid 60's in south Florida',1
'OBAMA ALREADY SENT STIMULUS MONEY AND JOBS OVERSEAS! ALONG WITH DEMOCRATS!\r\nGET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT! WHY NOT READ ABOUT OBAMA'S ANTI AMERICAN SOCIALIST PAST?\r\nCOMMUNIST ALL OVER THE WORLD ARE SUPPORTING HIM! WONDER WHY?',1
'And to think it almost did not get made???',1
'The general public thinks the media sucks!  we have minds of our own to make decision on who we vote for... we don't need stupid comments from the media, negative ads, pictures, etc.  reporting a lot of personal garbage on either candidate - positive and negative.  A lot of the media coverage is insulting to the average thinking person.  Stick to the issues and facts that can be backed up by credible sources.',1
'I love you too, Juliet, but what can we do? They're our parents... yeah, we still are moving Thursday, yeah ...bye.',1
'Royal...It will all be about Recovery...Which will mean "just about all" Economic indicators will be pulling the same direction...FORWARD,  ​  nice ring,right.?  hmmmmm.\r\n \r\nMany of the savers left the Markets, ma&pa, the widows and other stable players; That has been a big problem since 2007-2008 when old money got scared, and many were trying to save as much of their retirements as possible....They got scared, they had bad advice and now they don't trust anyone.\r\nSlowly some are coming back, but many have billions or trillions still out of equities..\r\nThe Markets are trending and now somewhat overbought, but corrections are good for a moving long term trends..\r\nMarkets are very volitile because of the short term traders,scumbags,hed  ​ ge funds and massive injections in and out with Trading platforms...And old money is still scared...Bad advice.',0
'Guitars don't kill people, people kill people.',1
'Actually, Lazarus and Molly Rowe of Limington Maine were, and are, according to the Guiness Book, the longest married couple in the U.S. at just over 86 years to my knowledge. They both lived over a 100 and saw their family to its 5th generation.\r\n \r\n  Consequently, Lazarus also escaped being captured by indians, his brother did not, and as history would say, saved by a spide's web when he crawled into a hollow log to hide from the indians, the spider then spun a web over the end before they arrived and never looked into the log thinking the web was there.\r\n \r\nGoogle it, it is everywhere and I am originally from Limington, Maine',1
'If wont want real country music listen to !!!!!  JAMEY JOHNSON.......BEST COUNTRY SINGER by far these days.....',1
'This nation has lost its dang blang cotton pickin' mind.',1
'I don't go to concerts and I don't take drugs, but then again I'm a Republican.',1
'Why would the designers be two years away from MARKETING to government agencies? They should rush the development not the gov. Another money grubbing issue here?',1
'thanks for being a voice of reason',1
'cant wait to see walking that red carpet to the walmart hall of fame',1
'"She loves me...... ''',1
'good info thanks',1
'4th night freezing and Obama is President, so your comment peasize brain is irrelevant.',1
'She has no fans and she's so stupid she doesn't realize it. Go away far far away!!',1
'Sure, keep telling yourself that if that helps you.',1
'The provision that establishes this tax can be found on page 946, Section 1402 of the Affordable Care Act.  This tax is often referred to as the “Medicare tax,” because it was designed to raise funds for Medicare. The Medicare tax goes into effect after December 30, 2012.\r\nThe Medicare tax is not a tax on all new home sales; it only applies to the profit that certain high income Americans make from the sale of their home.  The groups that may be affected by this provision are individuals with annual incomes over $200,000 and married couples with a joint income of over $250,000. The only home sellers who will be affected by this provision are those who fit the above description, and who sell their home for a profit of more than $250,000. The tax will not apply to the first $250,000 in profits for the individual selling his or her home or to the first $500,000 in profits for a married couple.\r\n\r\n\r\nOnce again decide for yourself, there is truth in both sides.   But it sure appears if your family income is over 200,000 you will be clobbered by this tax.   This will have the effect the vast majority, because in future, these numbers are not adjusted for inflation.  This like the income tax when started  didn't effect 90% of those working, but  as the government inflated, more and more people were taxed.   So in effect, within 20 years almost everyone will pay this tax.',1
'Davorkin, I do believe that there is a "higher being", but I'm not Muslim if that's what you are implying....However,  ​  you can't deny that something "otherworldly" does not want Mephistopheles....I mean Mitt, to win....',1
'ill be yur sugar daddy',1
'Now my daughter can buy some other overpriced POS',1
'I feel ya. A large majority of people seem to think that just because they are offended that they are also right...Rarely the case...',1
'Article SUCKED.  IT didn't tell you have to get a warning instead of a ticket.  It is a no brainer not to argue with a cop.  He is liable to yank you out of the car and beat you half to death!  Must have been a real slow day at MSN to come up with this article...a 12 year old could have written it.',0
'Every non-union job I ever worked, they recognized my value; my work ethic and promoted accordingly!  The one union job I had, I was a "B-scale" mechanic, with 15 years experience, but starting out as a guy fresh out of school.  Quit that job pretty quick, and have been working full time for the same company for 23 years, full bennies, and NO UNION!!',1
'The Waitress doesn't even minimum wage, but will be taxed as if she received a normal tip.  Now it will cost this waitress more than she earns to take care of this mooch! \r\n As Gomer would say "For shame, for shame, for shame!"',1
'I don't care about his right to be angry.  He will be proven wrong at the end of the season.  With Mike Brown as their coach, the Lakers will be at best a 6th seed as they will keep losing for a long time trying to learn the offense and blowing off playing defense.   Then the Lakers will be 1-and-done in the playoffs. \r\n  \r\nTHEN see how angry Kobe gets',1
'marriage is not a 50 - 50 deal it's a 100 - 100 deal === 45 years  nov 29th',1
'The only use of the bible is to wipe a$$. The bible after all is full of sh*t. All it's figures are full of sh*t. All those that believe the bible are full of sh*t.',1
'the best way is speed up  leave the police in the dust',1
'some as%wipe passed out sweet n low packs....',1
'I think he deserves to get his medical bills paid for, and thats it. Atleast it didnt happen to a child playing around it.',1
'Here is what I want to Know. I hear about all the things being donated to NY & NJ. Money coming in. Is this going to be like New Orleans and Haiti. All the Billion's donated. In Haiti people are still Living in Tents. Bush and Clinton raised Millions, SO WHERE DID THE MONEY GO.\r\nIn New Orleans, Clinton gave 95 Billion to fix the Levies, Where did the Money go? Billions donated to help , Where did the Money go? I gave $3,500. myself. But two days later I heard the Black Caucus making a Racial Issue out of it and than I wanted my Money back. I didn't send money to help Just White People . I did it to help everyone who needed help Black, White or what ever.',1
'I think this little boy learned a valuable lesson.  Obvioulsy his parents didn't teach him to respect authority, and they are probably a couple of rebels themselves.  That's what is wrong with this country, no respect for authority and no respect for the rules.  Congressman and senators have no respect for the oaths of office that they took to represent the voters, the police have no respect for the people and people have no respect for authority.  This is all the fault of creedy, crooked politicians.  Crap rolls down hill.  The little boy should learn respect for authority, who should in turn respect the people that should replace all those crooks in Congress.  Then maybe stupid crap like this won't happen.',0
'Author',1
'He should sue God!!',1
'Not surprised.  Jersey has always been associated with organized crime and labor.  They don't want our help, screw them they can stay without electricity.  Maybe when they start smelling they will regret their attitude.',1
'OMG. We can't have that..... Better to bash each other...Absolutely the height of lunacy...',1
'Hey, I have a profile on -----seek40plus.com-  ​ ------, where you can chat with singles over 40 and make friends with them. If you are over 40, it's a good place for you.',0
'He looks tired....I tend to have that look when I'm pretending to be awake!!!',1
'I would have grounded the boy for not listening to an officer. then I would also get the officer fired. First, the children these days don't have to listen to any one. Second, the parents all they want is "free money".',0
'every thing about a turtles life is so sloooow!',1
'Did anyone really think a movie about Nancy Grace could be anything but awful?',1
'That would be hilarious!  Post it on Youtube.',0
'zeldasense good reporting dont get you ratings and if you dont have the ratings you lose your viewers and money. this is how our society is and continue's to become worse',1
'Hey she's hot and too bad for the people there but **** the Dirty Apple and Fart Town',1
'no.  couldn't afford them!',1
'Wow!  I just can see why  gays are so angry!  I mean they're being told in the nicest, mostly loving way possible that they don't deserve the same rights that the rest of us take for granted - that their children should be denied health care, that their loved ones can't visit them as family in the hospital, that their loved ones are denied survivor benefits, etc.  It's all done in COMPLETE LOVE, of course, because the religious zealots say they really love the sinner, but hate only the sin!  It's love, because they SAY it's LOVE!\r\n\r\nIn fact, they're told that their marriage isn't real, that their love isn't real, but only lust - because the zealots - THEY know what real love is!  And they know what the ONLY TRUTH is!  The zealots say they trust GOD more than they trust men, but what they REALLY trust is their own fallible, personal, HUMAN judgement that the Bible is the word of god.  "NO! NO! NO!" They say, they're not trusting their judgement, but the word of god, oblivious to the fact that it's THEIR OWN FALLIBLE HUMAN JUDGEMENT that their assessment is correct.  They continually hope to elevate their judgement above human judgement - to the perfect judgement of god!\r\n\r\nIn their great 'humility" and 'love' they pass on god's judgement - not their own judgement, but GOD's judgement.  They are merely the communicators.  You see, logic is not their strong point.  Neither is evidence or morality, nor in fact humility or love.  The zealots do, however, have certain characters in great abundance - hubris, arrogance, contempt, hypocrisy.',1
'What an idiot.',1
'Not too bad in Maryland.  24 hours without power so we limped by on the generator.',1
'I think it's time to have Mayor Bloomberg tested for either dementia or drugs.  First, the "War" on extra large soft drinks, and now, the idea of holding a marathon in the aftermath of a major disaster just for the sake of the event running on time.\r\n\r\nYes, the Mayor is defective.  Unfortunately, there IS no recall warranty.',1
'how do they know this is a turtle grave yard>????     it could have been the locker room at the rock quarry where Fred Flintstone and Barney rubble worked.  these are their Hard hats... DUH',1
'We lived in Milan for 3 years and couldn't believe they even let McDonalds in the Galleria.  Who needs that kind of food, when there are lots of fast foods "Italian style".  Every corner has coffee shop bars where sandwiches are made with fresh made breads and fabulous fresh meats, cheeses, herbs and vegetables.  There are still lots of other McDonalds around town so they will survive.',1
'I like that one!',1
'We have paper ballots where I live, I've never used a voting machine.',1
'well i'm only 19 years old never been married, never done the nasty ,had one date, never even kissed a girl. but that doesn't mean i don't know what can make a marriage work, ever since i was young i was lonely parents were gone i was left in the house watching cartoons and i always wished i had someone who makes me feel like everythings gonna be okay, made me smile, made the good days even better! then as i got older i began to think on who do i want to be? what do i want to do to make her stay? what can i do to make her smile? all these and so much more raced through my mind and i still have so much i have got to learn and experience before then. i also still have to work on who i am as a person before then so i can have what theresa faiss and her husband have. i don't think "yeah i'm 19 it's not gonna happen to me!" i think "gods probably got me waiting so i can understand what it truly means to cherish someone!" and for that i'm happy. and i know one day i'm going to make it work!',1
'that`s the breaks,,going on unemployment,,,,I stole enuf......',1
'"Divine intervention"???? \r\n So you think allah sabotaged those machines?  I swear, your posts make less and less sense as we get closer to election day. Only a liberal moron like yourself would have the audacity to chalk up blatant election fraud to a "higher being". Please stop posting before you smear your name beyond repair.',1
'where's the source. i doubt this was developed in a basement. handing this stuff out is murder 2.\r\nthis is the perfect opportunity to give anyone in possecion of I25 a taste of their own medicine',1
'I'm sure she didn't take the photos to see herself naked.  Likely, she used them to arouse a boyfriend, etc.  How many bowls did you eat today?',1
'Linux....',1
'Cry babies...... Go suckle on your mama's teat',0
'Seriously, you think I care?',1
'Voting early?  You go girl!',1
'The media apparently has its own kitten, always cute and charming,...even when it's bad it's still cute.  Sells us out to the Russians,..not a  problem,,...Lets Americans die in Benghazi,..awww,..it  ​  just makes him all the more adorable. The media rubs his belly and WE have to empty his litter box.',0
'P.S And I just love chocolate candy.',1
'Hmm an average of 12 million viewers per show, making it the most watched sitcom on TV tells it all.  People who whine to get Charlie Sheen back are narrow minded and just cannot see past Charlie and enjoy the show in its new light.  Live a little, try something new, it wont hurt.  Ashton is a great actor and has proven it over the years, since he is still here and making money.  And the wonderful supporting cast that was there with Charlie Sheen is still there and it makes for a really great show, (as the numbers prove).',1
'I've only received candy on Halloween, but seriously, coke? That's an expensive felony! And for what? Fun? A prank? People are getting stranger and stranger...',0
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'Organized labor = Organized crime.',1
'Anthony you know you don't have any money, that's why you are living in your parents' basement.  And don't try stealing money out of your mom's purse again to place your stupid bet !',1
'Well doesn't that make the Marathoners Sandy victims too? Since They have been registered for almost a year. What I don't get is why would anyone in their right mind want to run in New York. Isn't that where they rape joggers?',1
'madmadmax..... Hmm...... (cantaddmax)',1
'continued from my last post:   NEWS FLASH ....HERE'S THE REAL MYTH ROBME.... \r\n  The profit from the Romney's Delphi fund investment, through a hedge fund, came about as the result of extorting the federal government, according to Palast's account: \r\n Yet without taking billions in taxpayer bailout funds—and slashing worker pensions—the hedge funds’ investment in Delphi would not have been worth a single dollar, according to calculations by GM and the US Treasury. \r\n Altogether, in direct and indirect payouts, the government padded these investors’ profits handsomely. The Treasury allowed GM to give Delphi at least $2.8 billion of funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) to keep Delphi in business. GM also forgave $2.5 billion in debt owed to it by Delphi, and $2 billion due from Singer and company upon Delphi’s exit from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The money GM forgave was effectively owed to the Treasury, which had by then become the majority owner of GM as a result of the bailout. Then there was the big one: the government’s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation took over paying all of Delphi’s retiree pensions. The cost to the taxpayer: $5.6 billion. The bottom line: the hedge funds’ paydays were made possible by a generous donation of $12.9 billion from US taxpayers. \r\n Of course, once the hedge fund Romney was invested in shook the feds down for billions, they went to work on destroying jobs. Where did they ship most of the work. Why, who would have thunk it? China. Back to Palast: \r\n Rattner [the auto bailout czar] could not believe that Delphi’s management—now effectively under the hedge funders’ control—would “want to be perceived as holding GM hostage at such a precarious economic moment.” One Wall Street Journal analyst suggested that Singer was treating Delphi “like a third world country.” Rattner likened the subsidies demanded by Delphi’s debt holders to “extortion demands by the Barbary pirates.” \r\n Romney has slammed the bailout as a payoff to the auto workers union. But that certainly wasn’t true for the bailout of Delphi. Once the hedge funders, including Singer—a deep-pocketed right-wing donor and activist who serves as chair of the conservative, anti-union Manhattan Institute—took control of the firm, they rid Delphi of every single one of its 25,200 unionized workers. \r\n Of the twenty-nine Delphi plants operating in the United States when the hedge funders began buying up control, only four remain, with not a single union production worker. Romney’s “job creators” did create jobs—in China, where Delphi now produces the parts used by GM and other major automakers here and abroad. Delphi is now incorporated overseas, leaving the company with 5,000 employees in the United States (versus almost 100,000 abroad). \r\n There's much more if you read the Truthout and BuzzFlash at Truthout articles that Palast has revealed about the Romney Delphi windfall. \r\n It's lamentable and unwarranted for the Delphi pensions not to be honored, but if the hedge fund investors who benefited from mugging DC for taxpayer dollars were less greedy, it might have gone another way.  A deal might have been worked out to honor the pensions in questions, as should have happened. \r\n Once again, however, the 1 percent picked the pockets of the 99 percent, and Romney had a bankroll to deposit in his offshore accounts as a result.',1
'No!',0
'i gave you a thumbs up because you spent a lot of time typing your long rant.',1
'Yes children are a torture that idiot's like your deserve. Kid's are a waste of air. That fits you as you are a waste of air also.',1
'You tube doesn't cast the votes.... Most people on you tube aren't even old enough to vote anyhow MSN!!!! If I didn't know any better, I'd say the writers for MSN are seriously brain dead...',0
'I am a waitress and I work hard for my tips. I try to go the extra mile for my customer and if I get stiffed it pisses me off. I chased a customer down at their car to ask why I didnt get my tip and they just looked at me and like just drove away. I was so pissed.',1
'How can something be so arrogrant and loveable at the same time?',1
'It is really a good news about 401k retirement plan. Do you know that there is an increment in 401k maximum contribution limits for the year 2013.',1
'There were no barges on the Mississippi filed with gasoline. Urban myth.',1
'The truth comes out after all!',1
'That is degrees celsius. Change your setting to fahrenheit...',1
'Don't worry your little air-filled head. Romney won't win.',1
'With the difference in the writing/print, I hope they MAY have left the tip on the table...instead of putting it on their credit card?',1
'Because its a few days before the election.  Part of the four part plan.  Why are expected number of jobs up and unemployment up... hmmm... as long as that number shows a big "7" instead of his new acceptable "8", because people don't know what a decimal is either.\r\nGas doubled, but down a quarter now.... so thats great.',1
'i oughta get my video camera and film my pet rock for yall to watch on youtube.',1
'The only KUNT you are familar with is your mommy's that you slid out of bitch.  Furthermore tough guy why don't you post YOUR ADDRESS......what's the matter pussy, let's see it.......',1
'Not lazy.  Work hard.  Studied hard to get master of engineering degree.  I benefited from the social safety net, though, and have more back into the system than I ever took out.  Now I want the safety net in place for the next kid who comes along.',1
'WHY HAS HER OPPOSITION NOT RUN SOME OF HER OFF THE WALL STATEMENTS IN THEIR POLITICAL COMMERCIALS..  No better way to show what an embarrassment she is to Minnesotans.  At least we could all laugh at her sticking her foot in her mouth.',1
'I can't understand why anyone would, in this day and age.',1
'gojohnnygo: Why would voting machines automatically vote for Obama? Especially considering the fact that Romney's son recently purchased a company that provides a great deal of voting machines in the U.S.? Confused much?',1
'Obama looks a lot like a 3rd-term Dubya.',0
'Hilarious......',1
'@SlidenReiner\r\n \r\nLOVE the Waylon-Willie reference:" doesn't make them wrong, just different"\r\n \r\n"He aint wrong, he's just different, but his pride won't let him do things to make you think he's right"',1
'If the president is the "face" for the legalization of Marijuana, then Mitt Romney is the face for the promotion of rape.',1
'To hell with the marathon! \r\nMost of these people lost every thing do to Sandy!',1
'beercan,  I directed my comment to reanderson2133, not to you and your nasty attitude. I'm a much more intelligent and self-controlled man than to get into a cursing rant with someone that I don't know and don't care to know. I'm a Bulls' fan and I just put my opinion here like everyone else does. What is the freakin' attitude from you all about? FVCK OFF? dude, chill out, its not THAT serious! some of you sports fans need to get a freakin' life.  reanderson, with all of the money that black brother has, I'm sure your opinion or your not like him, and that includes any other arm-chair coach here makes, mean not a dam thing to him. Get over yourselves, its SPORTS.',1
'Dude... You're a grade A idiot!',1
'Just another Bulls__t excuse for not doing the right thing!  Single Mom or not, it just isn't right.  Restaurant employees rely on tips not wages.  Maybe the server was a single Mom with a much worse situation!',1
'Whatever Guiliana! Eat a cheeseburger and shut up! Well at least some of these 16 and pregnant parents are have paretns that are around. They don't have the luxury of a nanny. \r\nYou and  your husband have houses 2000 miles away, both are on tv and looks like your "nanny" will be more of a parent than you are. We have all struggles Guiliana, I gave birth at 26 weeks. My daughter weighed 2lbs 7 oz. You didn't see me bitching to MTV...',1
'BUT TIWIT,,,,,,,,,I WANT TO BE A COMMUNIST LIKE YOU !!!!!!',0
'Guess you must be proud of yourself supporting the first dictator in chief.',1
'For all you a$$holes that keep questioning the UE numbers talk to Reagan his the one that came up with the formula being used.',1
'Not nearly as pretty as my wife's sweet kitty...',1
'BEAR HUG!!',1
'Yea because I always do that.......you're just like the rest of my "fans", make up false assumptions about me and throw them at me in a desperate attempt to cast aspersions to my character, quite sad really.',1
'Hey Kelly - "So perhaps men won't mind sharing the domestic needs of a household."  Bwahahahahahahhahaha  ​ haha are you kidding, you must be!  Not only does the "modern" women not want to pay their share, they also wouldn't know how to cook or truly clean to SAVE THEIR LIVES...  The modern women with "old fashioned" values can best be summarized by the phrase DEAD WEIGHT!  Have a wonderful weekend!  :)',1
'That YMCA in Memphis is CLOSED!!! It became a victim of the U of M's expansion and the bid to eliminate affordable housing around the University. It's all going to high price condos and apt style dorms that will rent at 3x a regular dorm used to.',1
'Did-doo to both Joann D. & Someone...',1
'I bet you believed every word that came out of Bush's mouth didn't you?..You should really be feeling sorry for yourself!',1
'Yeah, they found the crayons and know it was me........wait til they find the cat!',1
'The overall unemployment number went up because more people tried to enter the workforce.  The number of jobs actually went up.',1
'They both need to grow up and be more positive!',1
'If you're too broke to leave a tip, then order take out.  SHAMEFUL.',1
'Thanks for watching, people!',1
'Bloomberg should never have said that the subway would be back to running in just days. It gives the impression that he simply does not grasp the scope of his problem. Tell it like it is dude, it will be months, so peope can get into their NEW routine',1
'Died in 1945.  Sorry.',1
'If she said GHB, that would be one thing.  Did she go to the hospital for a drug screen, shortly thereafter.  If not, why not?  Sounds like she's after the money.',1
'hell give them everything,....the "internationalists" do,....****s get anything they want from the US',1
'Why Yes !!! Yes it does!!!',0
'Is this the Same woman who murdered "Selena" ?',1
'they should just offer free beer, im sure 90 percent of the parents will show up',0
'Along with the "I don't do political speech" mantra she is often overheard repeating "breath in, breath out" because when you are that brain dead your autonomic nervous system might not function without constant verbal input.',1
'I thought I saw Obama today but at closer look it wasn't him so I flushed it.',1
'It takes an idiot to know one. You can go back out in the yard and play now.',1
'fyi, no one in Hershey lost their job when when they moved to India. They just went to the other plant in town. Get your facts straight.',1
'My grandfarther was a member of the United BrotherHood of Carpenters & Joiners( UBC ) he worked as a carpenter before the "Great Desperation" until his retirement in 1960s one of the of the projects he worked on was Grand Coolie Dam largest dam in the world,  until the Yang Sea dam,   Most of the big projects he worked he would have to live in labor camps leaving my grandmother to tend to the farm and raise the children. they worked 12 hours a day six and sometimes seven days a week for straight pay with no benefits.   Now thanks to the UBC and other unions that stood up against "Robber Barons"  and there privet army's now even the disorganized labor force have a 40 hour work week and some benefits, but more importantly if those of you that scream so loud about taking away the right to organize looked back in to your own family you might realize that at some point union wages are what payed for your doctor or law degrees.   Another thought to ponder As a nation we use economic means as weapons against other countries so why when someone dissembles U.S. manufacturing, outsources jobs to foreign countries and puts the profits from this in offshore foreign banks why are they not arrested for treason for being economic terrorists?   I am proud to be a member of the UBC, I am proud that I can send my son to collage, I am proud that he has been raised with out welfare I am proud to be one of the builders of America and not one of the destroyers.   One more thing when you talk of corrupt politicians remember who deregulated the savings and loans and used his presidential power to break the air traffic controllers in the 80's.   The reason we are up to our eyes in debt is a direct result of the policies set in the 2000's and a congress unwilling to do anything but try to affix blame on someone other than them self's',1
'Wow over my head!',1
'Marriage is a partnership - one of helping each other grow to become better people.  My bride and I have been doing that for 45 years.',1
'wow that passes for a song?',1
'you are sick.  get help.',1
'NEW ALERT......! \r\n  \r\nIt has been reported that the people of New Jersey and New York are combating Zombies....total armageddon.... \r\n  \r\nThe Messiah will appear on the Letterman Show tonight and proclaim social justice has been achieved in the northeast.',0
'So Romney  how to organize people to respond to a problem instead of waiting to have some one else fix everything, and 'you' miss the point ,so that makes him 'stupid' ? I wonder if this review could have been anymore warped and distorted if you tried.  Romney has probably done more personal service to others than anyone in government. You really should not be so jealous of money and real intelligence. Think outside the bias, some how, for once!',1
'The success of my marriage is money. Every time I feel a fight coming on, I give my wife some money to go shopping. She never remembers what the subject of disagreement was by the time she gets back home.',1
'No one had to force Ernest Hemingway to drink. What a great sense of humor he had',1
'If anyone cares, if you go back and add/subtract BLS revisions, at present, there are 160,000 net jobs lost , no new, under Obama.',1
'And its not just joe!!!!!',1
'And is that what Big Ben said to the girl he dragged into the mens bathroom?',1
'why should a man be more appreciative of being "kept" than a woman is?',1
'I know that, he is keeping interest rates low to push investors into the stock market, that is why it is up.  Not the fundamentals.',1
'Ecstasy....It's whats for dinner!',1
'So let me see if I have this straight.....A catagory 1...CATAGORY 1(one) storm is now a supper storm...lol..you peep's in NY need to get out more.....lol',1
'If the EPA is so good at MPG figures, then why do I loose 4-5 miles per gallon using the winter blend gas they make use use?',1
'Just leveling the playing field ;) Us smarties drink a bit to kill a few braincells so that people who can't understand the difference between a correlational study and an experimental study can feel a bit better about themselves. HAHA! :P',1
'All the things that Rose said are why I do not like MEN in Washington deciding what I will or will not do with my own body! My uterus should not even be a topic of conversation for these men! \r\nLet's see what they are discussing in DC: reduced education spending, fighting access to contraceptives and planned parenthood, reducing food stamps or welfare (which primarily only helps signle parents)... sounds to me like they are a bunch of men trying to make women solely dependant upon them. Sounds like "marry me or else"!',1
'الله يرحمنا برحمته.',1
'Halloween is the single greatest holiday of the year in my opinion and allows me to be a kid once again. You're never too old for Halloween!',1
'Who would?',1
'How stupid can you can?  That's the height of paranoia.  And the Communist are about as paranoid of this stuff as you can get.  Can't handle it, they need to do something else for a living.  # # #',1
'This sounds fishy.  Even if you were making $40K 15 years ago, 15% of your take home pay would be less than $6K.  15 years at 6K = 90K.  90K invested 15 years ago at  13% compounded annually would give you $562K.  But I'm sure you weren't making 40K 15 years ago and you were adding money each year, you didn't invest the 90K 15 years ago. \r\n  \r\nAlso, consistent 13% gains over the last 15 years GREATLY exceeds the performance in any broad-based mutual funds that I know of.  For example, the S&P 500 is up only 47% over the last 15 years, compared to the 625% that a 13% compounded annually return would produce. \r\n  \r\nI call BS',1
'A judge actually threw out a lame lawsuit?\r\nThat's a first.',1
'According to junk emails I get, I've won stuff I never even entered to win.\r\nInstant delete.',1
'Let New Jersey go to hades, the people and the weather there are as cold as hell',1
'Q; What's a "Duck worth"?\r\n\r\nA: More than any Republican....yuk yuk...\r\n\r\nHey crazy!  I give you  permission to publish that one, exclusive of rights reserved.',1
'Are you sure about that??? LOL',1
'I say screw Jersey and go help the other states',1
'Considering the circumstances of Sandy and what is going on in the city, it makes sense to cancel the marathon..Why crowd another 40,000 plus people into an already difficult and strained situation.  \r\nGood for the hotel owner, he has his priorities straight.',1
'Sorry Charle it is Corporate Greed that is behind outsourcing. Im proud to have fought for better wages, conditions and job safety for myself and others for the past 30 years as a rank-n-file member and later as an elected officer. So tired of the quasi-Fascists and their hate-mongering media hacks who are driven by Greed and selfishness cloaked in the Flag and using the Christian faith as a shield for evil. Ready for another Civil War with these damd rednecks out here in Seattle. Bring it on!',1
'sure Judy..  and if we vote to make stupid women our servants..  then we better see a smile on your face and a polite yes sir and yes ma'am out of you, and only when spoken to...',1
'Obama butting heads with a union a few days from the election?    Not a chance ....   if there is truth to this story, Christie will be on his own to fight this issue.  Obama knows the main stream press won't touch this issue.',1
'I used to leave a tip regardless of the quality service because I felt OBLIGATED to do so. However, that is no longer the case. WAIT STAFF BEWARE! I will stiff you your tip if you give me bad service!! Too many times I go to a resturant and get not bad service but seriously horrible service and I am tired of it! A tip is meant to be a BONUS for good service, a gratuity. Not an additional fee on top of the cost of dinner. It is NOT an entitlement. I no longer eat at resturants that automatically charge a gratuity regardless of the # of people in your party. I do not tip at buffets or cafeterias where I serve myself. If you are waiting on me and you have a bad attitude, take too long to take my order, bring me my order and forget about me til time for the check or any other equally shabby treatment, not only will I not tip you, I'll leave you a note telling you why I didn't! Act like you are working with the public, treat me like a valued customer, and I'll leave you 20-25%.',1
'Mitt's such a fool he said what?? really nooooooooooooo Sandy and football cleanup the same thing to mittens  really .you're joking ? no sh*t? He said that out loud with real live people in the room?? Ohhhhhh continue  please....Stick a fork it Mitt he's done !!!!',1
'Now, i do believe its caused by sin, but not just one sin, thats stupid... JONATHAN CAHN talks about this is the ISAIHA 9:10 JUDGMENT! being homosexual is called a sin in the bible but so is judgment and no where in the bible does JESUS say to be little or shame or treat different someone who is gay.. we as christians are called to love and share with the world not to act sinful as we point out others sins... i do believe that judgment comes on us as it did Israel, for us turning from GOD but not just because people are gay, its because our leader,our so called president has allowed people to remove god and not just obama but through out history, GOD is no longer in our schools, on our money and so many other places we have removed him. GOD loves gay people and i believe that wholeheartedly.. i may not agree with that choice and i may promote that life but PASTORS who believe this kinda thing please keep it to yourself... this has caused so many to run from GOD not to him. how can they if you make a person feel they are not good enough to come before GOD!! there is not one person who served the lord that had their stuff together, they where killers and among others who were called while they were messed up and they remained messed up even afterwards why you ask because they where humane, like us... if anyone reads this i hope i've made my point that not all christian may agree but we do not all condemn people for sins when we sin everyday no matter the sin a sin is a sin... NOT PERFECT BUT FORGIVEN, AND SO ARE YOU!!',1
'dont compare weed and cocaine please....one is a plant the other is a drug',1
'Not surprising.',1
'No, there is no global warming.',1
'Political scientist Boots Riley, Oakland, October 2011: \r\n"No one person is guiding it, and it's working. Every little thing is decided by consensus, by direct democracy. What this will look like in a year, what its structures and tactics will be, will be different because of that." \r\n\r\n\r\nThat's anarchy not democracy, Boots, and what it looks like after a year is a whole lot of nothing. Ishmael Reed, an Oakland resident, wrote tellingly of the mess in TROUBLE BESIDE THE BAY. \r\n\r\n\r\nSaul Alinsky, Chicago 1971: \r\n"Any revolutionary change must be preceded by a passive, affirmative, non-challenging attitude toward change among the mass of our people. They must feel so frustrated, so defeated, so lost, so futureless in the prevailing system that they are willing to let go of the past and change the future. This acceptance is the reformation essential to any revolution. To bring on this reformation requires that the organizer work inside the system, among not only the middle class but the 40 per cent of American families – more than seventy million people – whose income range from $5,000 to $10,000 a year. They cannot be dismissed by labeling them blue collar or hard hat. They will not continue to be relatively passive and slightly challenging. If we fail to communicate with them, if we don't encourage them to form alliances with us, they will move to the right. Maybe they will anyway, but let's not let it happen by default." \r\n\r\n\r\nBack then they moved to Nixon and later The Gipper. Tuesday? I say they move, shake, rattle, and roll  to President Hopey Changey. Four more years! Sorry, Alexander.',1
'Euthanize who ever screwed up.',1
'With all of these people in great shape coming to New York, just change the Marathon.  Whoever does the most work wins.',1
'My signature looks nothing like my handwriting and I bet yours doesn't either.',1
'So disappointed in last nights award show.  Maybe 10% of it was country, probably won't bother watching it next year.  Send the kiddies back to their rock/pop roots.',1
'No big deal.',1
'If you'll notice, on ANY group of comments, some disturbed soul(s) goes around putting thumbs down. How miserable must a person be to feel the need to go around the internet putting thumbs down on perfectly fine comment? Must be some really amazing  folks out there, if that's the best way they can spend their time.',1
'Poor service, bad attitude and a general feeling of "you're interrupting my day" when I dine out.',1
'Wow he grew a brain!!!',1
'I always pick the wrong neighborhoods to trick or treat in.  All I got was a bunch of candy!',1
'Taylor Swift's music IS a joke.  I'm glad country music finally recognizes that we're tired of ex boyfriend songs.',0
'Know what else explodes....petrol!!  ​ !!',1
'I wouldnt know either crissy im divorced to...',1
'Actually, an abundance of temporary help is a sign your business is fleabag and you are lying to shareholders about it's integrity. I wouldn't invest in anything like that. The management gets preferred shares, so their words are meaningless. Today's lower DOW is a positioning move. No matter who wins Tuesday... YOU lose on Wednesday if you still hold stock. The Great American Cash Out is Monday.',1
'Laurel345..."somethi  ​ ng 'otherworldly' does not want Mitt to win"? Yeah...that must explain Mitt's gain in the polls. LMAO...at this point, I've come to the conclusion that you are good for nothing but a laugh. \r\n echoesofmercy.....th  ​ e number of electoral votes each state has depends on many factors, and while it is possible for a president to lose an election even with the majority of overall votes, the scenario you describe (Obama 90% - Romney 10% and Romney wins) is an IMPOSSIBILITY! Check your facts before spewing nonsense!',1
'Chris takes it in the brown.',0
'I would never stand in line for a piece of Apple junk...that is insane...',1
'Not all of us are handwriting experts. This is also an MSN website, so what do you expect. The article is engineered to create argument. \r\n I would just take it for what I see, someone cheap skated.',1
'Bought knock-offs at Costco. At that price, ugly but warm is worth it! As a fashion statement with shorts in the summer, never made sense to cook one's feet for the lost Eskimo look!',1
'Of course we look for the eyes how else could we determine where the butt is if we need to kick it.',1
'Sorry Clumsy... Tshirt = Protected speech. \r\n You are right - the Bible does not have a place in politics - but the Bible teaches morals - and those that follow the Bible (and I do not mean the Sunday only Christians) generally turn out to be very compassionate and moral leaders. So I might lean towards voting for them instead of somebody that just wants to steal your hard earned $$.  \r\n And while there are countless religions out there, most of them believe in a deity that created all this mess. Quite a few of those different religions all refer to the same deity. And the 10 commandments - seem to be a good blueprint for living together peacefully. \r\n As it stands - I think all Politicians and Lawyers are the scum of the earth - a busload of them going off a bridge is a waste of a good bus.',1
'I am not being critical of insurance, especially health insurance.  But, I am being crititcal of insurance as it seems to be in America now.  When you get close to 65, you will get almost daily one, two or more letters offering you the best insurance but you MUST Call today! Then, tomorrow you get more, and so on.  I have started sending back rude letters.  And, when you get the business reply envelopes, they usually go to a different address than the one that sent you the junk.  You also get offers of a reverse mortgage that in my opinion is designed to take your home. I think we need a national healtcare system but nothing like what we have today.  VOTE CONGRESS OUT!!! They allow direct marketing and then you get endless junk mail pressuring you to buy TODAY always AFFORDABLE!',1
'you are a hairdresser, just admit it Steve.',1
'Police should NOT have to deal with idiots like this at a time like this.  I HATE crowds, I hate waiting in lines like this, too.  But noone is "special" here.  Everyone has to wait their turn.',1
'Unions are the downfall of the American worker.  What company in their right mind would want to locate in a union state?',1
'Looks like you still dont know anything about History.... Try taking a sociology class... You actually might learn a little if you actually do Read!!!! Try proving yourself to be a more worthy opponent instead of just running your peter puffer.... Remember!!!!! Stupidity is contagious and no one wants a taste of your useless rhetoric's that ramble on and on over beliefs you haven't even bothered to study... If you want to open your peter puffer.... Open it to puff the peter only and not to spit out such ghastly atrocities of capricious whim... Hahahahahahahahahaha  ​ ha... Loser FREAK!!!!!!',0
'"Yes dear what ever you say"----36 years and counting :)',1
'i think your writer is a coke-head.',0
'NO, I don't believe it! It's as ridiculous as the BIG BANG THEORY! That should be called\r\nTHE GLOBAL WARMING THEORY!',1
'Come on everyone! Stop complaining! Every musical genre evolves, so don't belinger as country moves forward as well. The core of country music is story telling. While the vocals may be more mainstream and modern, listen to the lyrics people!',1
'Mayor Beach Ball is a sleezy politician that is playing both sides of the fence. We all know he supports Odumbo's Cap and Trade. He is nothing more than a RINO..... \r\n  \r\nNew Jersey is the Chicago of the east.',0
'I can’t wait until Obama is voted out so we will stop getting a of those e-mail jokes about him',1
'When is the real "Country Music Awards" coming on??   Willie was an example of real country music.  If you want to strum guitars like nuts and sing songs that no one can understand the words, please go back to being Rock Stars, don't claim to be COUNTRY!!  Bring back the good old singers like Alan Jackson, Reba McIntyre, George Strait, Merle Haggard, George Jones, Willie, Dolly, Kenny Rogers and I could go on and on.  Two thirds of last night's performance was a disgrace to Country Music.  Let's get it right next time!!',1
'shes nothing but white trash',1
'LOL!',1
'Hey I thought your PC crashed?',1
'BAHAHA! xD',1
'I have no desire to have the actions of the lesbians or the gays shoved down my throat.\r\nIt would be perfectly OK with me, if they went back into the closet. Just because a small minority wish to flaunt their ignorance of the Bible before every one, doesn't mean that these people  are accepted as they would like all of us to believe.  Honestly, the size of these groups are extremely small.  As I  heard recently, "GAY used to mean "happy" --\r\nnow this group has taken over this name to keep from sounding so offensive.  In my humble opinion, these people were once call "queer", a name more appropriate, now if we can just get them to go back into the closet, and not share any more of their personal business --- I don't want to know --- and I will be so happy to not have to listen to this any more.',1
'I have a pitbull and him having to be taken to the shelter is my biggest fear BECAUSE OF **** LIKE THIS!! I would be jailed if I was ever told they euthanized my baby! GUARANTEED!',1
'We need more people like this man.  It is in moments of crisis that people's true nature is revealed.  It makes me sad to hear people are fighting during this time when they should be coming together.',1
'HIP HIP HURRAY GOOD FOR HIM\r\n \r\nTHE DAMN MAYOR NEEDS HIS A$$ PUT OUT IN THE STREETS',1
'Really....now go take your meds...',1
'It's not just the media that thinks they both suck....',1
'I have one credit card that I pay off each month solely for safety when ordering over the internet or a major purchase I want protection on. I use a debit card for every thing else.',1
'More left wing propaganda from Hollywood thinly disguised as entertainment',1
'Montana, even Mitt RoMoney admitted climate change is undeniable, and once he even said that it could be attributed to man-made pollution. But now that the oily billionaire Koch brothers are backing Mitt, he has to flip-flop on that stance.',1
'"The Washington, D.C.-based Human Rights Campaign says it has spent $8 million to push for marriage equality for gays and lesbians..."\r\nTHIS IS THE BIG FALSE SCAM BY HOMOSEXUALS. Homosexuals already have equal rights.  Every person in the country is equally able to marry a person of the opposite sex.\r\nNo special treatment exceptions for a guy that wants to marry 10 people of the opposite sex, a guy that wants to marry his sister, a guy that wants to marry another guy, a  \r\nguy that wants to marry a goat, etc.',1
'why ask such stupid question............  ​ duh............you were only told,were you on this earth for so many years why didn't you save them,if you were there for so long today your skeleton would be seen\r\nlol',1
'The story is probably not true... The reason this story has any traction  is because the SOME Unions have behaved  badly and thus the story is all too plausible.',1
'Do not blame the credit card companies if you arent smart enough to pay them off every month! \r\nUse your brains!',1
'You have to wonder what happens when someone is trapped in the tunnel(s) between two or more plugs and cannot get out.  I guess they wouldn't drown, but suppose they need medical attention? \r\n\r\nIf the plug's development is not already a high priority, then it should be.  But more money or more personnel working on the project does not necessarily shorten the amount of time needed to finish it.',1
'I don't know why so many commenters are blaming the waitress. It's her right to keep what she wants on her phone.  What the Verizon employee did is illegal and immoral.\r\n \r\nWhen you go to Verizon to have a data transferred, you shouldn't feel the need to wipe you data prior(thus rendering the service completely useless).',1
'Gaffe?  It's one of the rare occasions that he told the truth.....I guess from him that would be a gaffe.',1
'what everyone is basing all there opinions on is what scientists have studied, who's to say that the scientists are correct? maybe there calculations were wrong did anyone think of that? \r\nhow about we all stop worrying and crying about "global warming" n worry about how we can use sustainable energy and not waste valuable oil and coal at the rate that we as humans have been.',1
'Question for all you apocalipto's or pockyclipsers (as I like to call you)\r\n \r\nWhen your candidate loses this election.... \r\n \r\nWill you interpret this as a sign that God has turned his back on you? \r\nI'm only asking this because I sure as HELL do...',1
'Gone for now bye bye\r\n \r\nThats the new one.....',0
'Only if they let it.',1
'No it's not but the actually article MSN took this from states she was not actually pregnant.  Another perfectly misrepresented news article by the creators of incorrect headlines hired by MSN.',1
'You should not worship a statue idol, but God alone.',1
'hence the name, 'ugg.'',1
'How you feel about Ranic has nothing to do with what a baby deserves! I believe that is two mature parents who can work together to raise them.  That show is trash along with so many other shows that promote preganancy as a by product of a meaningless roll in the hay.',1
'Does anyone how they will react in a situation until it is there. Over the years I have surprise myself many times. I try to be prepared but minor circumstances come to play. He did good.',1
'I wish we had what they have in England.All the campaining is done in a one month \r\nperiod of time.That`s plenty to hear all that chatter.',1
'I managed a restaurant and the non-tippers are remembered well.  Rule of thumb: the first time, the assume you forgot or made a mistake, but after that, you'll be SLIMED every time you come back.',1
'As a Hurricane Ivan survivor, I have no wisdom to offer other than this: You'll never realize the humanitarian value of a nice, hot shower until you haven't been able to take one for several days.',1
'I don't know if there is any truth to this rumor but I hope it's not true, Union's helped build this beautiful country but as time has gone by they've also ruined this country as all non-union worker's are going overseas to get work leaving us venerable to expensive labor costs, but in this time of emergency they all need to work together and help resolve this deadly issue. Let us all work together and help the needy in this time of crisis people don't care who does the repairs they need electric water and heat now. And now there's a cold spell coming this weekend, stop the bull crap and work together.',1
'Ah, those Chick Tracts.  They make great confetti.',1
'Barry333, that is an insult to Alfred E. Newman.  Someone should cover your keyboard with a thick blanket.',1
'lol Bob',1
'$155 actually is the lowest price... Goes up from there.',1
'Think it's more logical to negotiate the fee before getting in the cab. That way, there is a clear understanding between all parties involved.',1
'Obviously he wasn't claiming that the game he cleaned up after was the same degree of destruction as the hurricane.  He was just invoking the spirit of cleaning up after a big mess on a smaller scale.  Attacking little things like this makes the left seem weak.  Romney is a good man, but of course the only things the media picks up on are small meaningless gaffes and awkwardly worded statements.  It's too bad media bias plays such a role in the election. \r\n I've already voted for Romney/Ryan 2012!',1
'Kinda scary.  Not the post...it's perfect!    But the fact that You posted something so well said.   Are you Kim Zee?  Or one of the 'screen name hijackers'?',1
'all-that....I'm sure that you follow all of the different stories at the same time as well.  Just look at @echoes...He's came right out and said that he had to get his comment in before me....Do you see the kind of pressure that I'm under???  There are plenty of times when a story comes out and I go to make a comment and you're already there...So you have to be trailing multiple stories as well...Plus some of you are so pathetic, you make comments at 3:00 in the morning.  I may follow multi stories...But I'm not up all night waiting to pounce on one...NOW THAT'S PATHETIC!',1
'I agree-if it ain't country, it ain't cool!!',1
'This show is rigged anyway. The votes are all controlled by the big music labels as their employees make up the majority of the members and they simpley trade votes back and forth to bolster their labels.',1
'They are funny to me.',1
'EmptyHead said; "Hey great rant, baby bush was reading my pet goat while thousands of americans were dying." \r\n Reading your pet Goat? Why do you have a pet goat? Recreational purposes? Baaaaaaaaa. You gettin' all worked up now?????????????\r\n \r\n LMFAO loser. 4 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ ​!!! hehehehehe',1
'I cant wait till Obama shows up at the job where I work.....I'd be sporting the same look!!!........ Eeeehehehehehe..... Wait? Whats that??? Obama wouldn't show up at my job because he's too busy playing golf or remembering how he's going to prolong hope and change!!!! I resent that!!!!! How dare you talk about our president that way.....He's also practicing on how to be our next Hitler.....Eeeeehehe  ​ hehehehe....',0
'I can't believe the number of people who don't check their sources. She deserves what she gets for drunk driving, but leave her alone about being a bad mother (not really pregnant).',1
'It seems to me that no matter how good you are at saving your money, the government will find some way to tax it or punish you for being responsible.  I'm still trying to figure out how many ways we are taxed on the same money we have.  Because of all the money being printed and the low interest rates, we're obviously headed backwards.  It also seems to me that those that know how to work the system for the free bennies are probably the smartest.  I'm working longer and harder for less, and the price of everything is exponentially exploding daily.  Saving big bucks?  I think most people are paddling to stay afloat.',1
'What if I get stopped for reckless riding on my bicycle?  I don't need a license to ride that; so I'll do whatever I please.  If I refuse to produce an ID if stopped, they'll have to just shoot me, or drag me off to prison I guess.',1
'Ignorance... She doesn't have the brain power and I don't have the time, shows over...',1
'who?',1
'No.',1
'So, if any of you condemners, and the person who posted this "article"  had actually read the story from the news source itself, you would know that the pregnancy was part of the costume.  Shame on all of you.',1
'A breath of fresh air.  Thank you for not being a typical sh*thead, and instead supporting critical thinking and thoughtful commenting.  I wish a far greater number of our population would exercise the same reasoning skills.',0
'No, I've *never* seen an intercepted snap.  I have seen a "shovel pass" intercepted behind the line of scrimmage, though.',1
'Oh come on.  Montgomery Burns is a cartoon character. As a cartoon character he is supposed to be the epitome of evil. Your over-blown praise of an evil, cartoon character is a bit difficult to understand.',1
'The headline says the driver was "a pregnant woman dressed as a zombie." Either she really was pregnant, or this is the most misleading article ever written.',1
'You have the right to keep voting in failure LMAO\r\nDoing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different ressult is _i__s__n__y_?',1
'Usually the ones in my hotel room.',1
'people who wear em 9 months outta the year have given me Ugg-fatigue',1
'Yes rock everyone should have to live through a disaster.  Are you f'king nuts.  But people should prepare better.  It's not as though they had no warning.',1
'Go look at his pic, if the "N-Bomb" didn't get him, surely something else would have. Typical liberal druggie, complete with 'dreads' at a "Voodoo festival" no less. One less vote for 0bama. \r\n  \r\nExcerpt from source article: \r\n  \r\n"The best friends had traveled together to music festivals all over the country. Sometimes, they would take drugs. But they had one rule: Never accept drugs from strangers.     \r\nBut on Saturday, after a night drinking vodka-Red Bulls at Voodoo Festival at City Park, 21-year-old Clayton Otwell, of Little Rock, Ark., apparently forgot his rule, said Mandie Newell, his best friend and companion at the festival."',1
'It was entertainment at times. But it was not Country Music. And in trying to make it County Music they are disrespecting the whole genre. If Jason Aldean wants to be a rapper let him go elsewhere. If Faith Hill wants to try to revive a career that never was, let her try somewhere else. I saw her live way back when she was a newcomer and opened for George Strait. She couldn't sing then and she certainly has not improved. Tim McGaw was really off too. Back-up singers had to cover a lot of the notes he missed. Carrie Underwood has a great voice but it seems like everything she sings is just screaming. I understand that Blown Away is her latest hit but due to circumstances, it should have been removed from the show. The music industry as a whole is a hard business. Country Music is and for REAL people and it needs to get back to basics.',1
'Saying you have diariah and need to get to the toilet works.',0
'I believe Romney is the Antichrist',1
'Back Off, I hear you, and I so totally agree that 'free cremation' and 'replacement' (as IF that's even possible!) is not nearly enough.  In fact, it's an absolute insult and my heart just breaks for this guy!  (also, truth be told, as a fellow pet loving Tennessean it scares the be-jeezus out of me that this happened so close to home)\r\nHonestly, I don't know what the best solution is... I just know that particular solution is not it, as it will do far more harm than good.',1
'have your sitter call my sitter, and will do lunch....',1
'Thank you Kim...that was beautifully stated. People can't really understand the mental aspect of it until it's you.',1
'r u kidding,  auto companies r full of bull. INCLUDING ALL COMPANIES. AM I CORRECT.?',1
'Losers who have nothing but financial gain on their minds!!!',1
'Gandalf is thinking...Whooooo me?',1
'Meet 50 plus mature and successful singles \r\nCome to www.seniorencounter.  ​ com',0
'will obama care cover plastic surgery to fix this face? it is supposably covering everything else.',1
'VM09009.. you are very wise... in fact my single boss says this all the time..  \r\nboth women and men have to strike a balance between competiveness, anger, hostility, this is fair, this isn't (etc, etc) and life in general.  \r\n  \r\nthe women who are career types have so much on their plates and so many emotions, they have a hard time managing without all the garbage and emotion... and their relationships are unhealthy..  \r\n  \r\nyou are right on...  \r\n  \r\ninteresting stuff.  \r\n  \r\nb',1
'Scary looking....',1
'Coffin Butte landfill, north of Corvallis Oregon covers it's "hills" with a geosynthetic clay liner. This keeps the rainwater out and makes it possible to capture methane gasses. This is used to create 5.66 megawatts of power. Coffin Butte Resource Project then turns around and sells this power to local electrical cooperatives. I wish this would catch on in more areas but what Sweden is doing sounds even better.',0
'A religion, such as the Catholic Church, doesn't stay rich by dolling out money left and right.  I could certainly hope that RNM2009's church would be so compassionate, but I wouldn't want to put it to the test.',1
'A lot of us born in the 50' s & early sixties, were on the same drug fueled binge. And we relate to this band. Survivors!',1
'Someone-listen to Norwalk.  These are shareholders in this company! If you hold stock in this company and you are aware this is happening then you are just as guilty and condone it.  If there is an injustice then people should speak up!!!! What is the cost of lives? what is the cost of the quality of life? Don't put a price on such things. Remember:History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.',1
'Unions in and of them selves do serve a purpose. They support worker safety and fair practices. However the complete politicalization of the unions has corrupted the system. Most of the time it's the politicians and union officials that profit but not always the workers.',1
'What do you got to lose?',1
'DOUCHE BAG! Did everyone see her face? That was not 1 mistake, all of you idiots that say it was 1 mistake, every one makes mistakes, You are just as IGNORANT as he is! it is never ok to hit a woman NEVER! if you think it is than you are just as troubled as this little BITCH is, and if there is a Devil may he have his way with Chris and all of you wife beating Pussies!! Any time any place Bring it on Chris Brown!!!',1
'A state of everyday unpresidentialness',1
'all that, Grey....Please don't be angry with me just because your candidate is failing...It was bound to happen...I can't help it if I'm backing a winner.',1
'the price for answering your prayers',1
'Too bad you're not 2 faced....It would be nice to see another side of you besides the bitter, rueful one you keep showing us...',1
'You 'never don't give a tip' but you leave a damn penny?  How ignorant are you?',1
'Obama and Congress are not subject to Obamacare. They get "something different!" Talk about the ultimate "Union Perk!" \r\n \r\nGM gets a Cadillac HC plan that YOU, the TAXPAYER paid for, and you're stuck with stinking, "Obamacare!"\r\n \r\nGM retirees gets 70% of teir last years pension, PLUS social security; and you, the TAXPAYER WHO SUBSEDIZED GM, might; "just maybe,"  get a 401k, or social security. Then again; "maybe not!"\r\n \r\nObama has done NOTHING for Middle America, only for the Middle-Man; "The Unions!!"',1
'Wonder if Dubya's gonna lend him that MISSION ACCOMPLISHED banner if he gets elected???',1
'well here is a solution you should find a job for deaf people then you wont have to speak at all. Which should be good for all of us',1
'Lotus, are you Mr Pink from "Resevoir Dogs"?',1
'Her constant teenage angst and obsession with ex-boyfriends is really wearing thin. Where this young woman once had the public's sympathy (Kanye, anyone?), now she just has their pity.',0
'D & D is just plain stupid.\r\n \r\n-world of warcraft',1
'Are you a naughty, naughty boy.',1
'Bad choice Simon.  Hope the show goes off the air because of her.  She has the most annoying voice and is horrible.  Simon must be good friends with them to have given her this job. No talent.  Everybody just wants these people to go away.',1
'Your an idiot, There has been a sienctist who has hired by a billionare to try to disprove that man made emission had nothing to do with global climate change. Imagine hoe this scientist felt when he had to go back to the man that paid him to tell him that man made emissions wasn't the only cause but it is the biggest cause. Global warming IS REAL. If you think that we can put hundreds of tons of green house gasses in our atmosphere every day and it will not make the planet warmer you are  an IDIOT',1
'Um hello the lawyers aren't the ones suing, it's acutal Hershey account holders!! Who have a say in the company, that says something, it's coming from within the company itself by shareholders, not some outside source.  Read the whole story before commenting.',1
'Well, that will never make the top 40.',1
'Yes, and u should drink 1 and a half liters of water a day, thats what your body needs, not aspartame or caffene or sugar,  just water , thats what your body needs 2 function and survive.',1
'Good statement, Salt!',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'what lie?\r\nOh, you mean the lies ms(nbc) told?  Of course jeep is opening ANOTHER factory in China.  It is fairly common knowledge and easily verified.   Unless you are an idiot ms(nbc) believing lib-tard THAT REFUSES TO GO CHECK!\r\nIt amazes me how the lib-tards are afraid to go check.  literally afraid of the truth.',1
'"Another embassy attacked, so what, I got this election in the bag".',1
'i am a country fan, have been for along time. some of the songs they sing today is rap or pop. if i wanted to listen to that kind of music, i'd turn on a rap station, or a pop station. i have lost alot of respect for tim magraw, to  tell his band that he is replacing them with younger people. well he got where is is today because of his old band. so i now turn the station. so that is where country music is today. bring back the old country, like haggard, willie, george jones etc.',1
'Sure they are needed in Staten Island but they can't be used there because they are not in the UNION!  See how it works?',1
'Gustavo Posted; "The Ocean Breeze/Midland Beach area lies in Zone A, which was under mandatory evacuation orders\r\n Capodanno flooded between Sand Lane and Seaview Avenue. At least two feet of water.\r\n  5 people died Ocean Breeze and Midland still have people stranded in their homes " \r\n All bullchit aside, We all need to do whatever we can to help these people, and not ridicule those that do!  Donate through your Local Red Cross!!!!!!!!',0
'Where is Al Sharpton, Jessie Jackson and Barak Obama when they're needed ?',1
'Jellfi**** sting is worst than a survivable shark bite.',1
'Laurel, do you not think that Obama letting 4 Americans die in Benghazi was evil?  And how about Obama trying to hide behind Hillery's skirt--- was that evil or just cowardly?  What about Obama running up a $6trillion debt in less than 4 years, was that evil?\r\n \r\nMaybe none of those things were evil, just the stupid mistakes of an unqualified egomaniac named Obama.  But don't get too upset Laurel, Obama will be fired on the 6th of November.  Hooray!!!',0
'Dude, get REAL!  Ben Ghazi was a terrorist attack; we all know that from the minute all those poor, unfortunate people died.  Really...do you need to politize people's deaths?  Do you have no respect for those who died and their families?',1
'Ewww!',1
'Say litigation!!!!!!',1
'Well done, Brad!  Very well done!',1
'Dear TBer: I already hit 100 w/o you.  That's why you're never invited to the after-party .  For that matter, you're probably never invited to the party.  In fact, you're so out of it you don't even KNOW there's a party.  Smoked!',1
'I am so glad you wrote this. I had a man who had a great job want to marry me, while I was going to a Community college taking a College algebra class, he promised he would tutor me since he works in an engineering field. (he couldnt tutor but Shooo'ed off a  tutor from helping me in the math solutions area) but what was most interesting is his huge amount of insecurity. He told me "HIS life was set" and that I "should marry him",, and then when I was frustrated at the amount of time I needed to get caught up  with Math and also already raising two children from another controlling marriage...by myself and working fourty+ hours a week, his reply to me while struggling to do my homework with out his assistance was "If you cant hack it quit".  I knew from that moment on, a husband to me, would be the one to encourage me to finish/follow my dreams and let me become the best ME i can be. He told me later that he was insecure because he thought if I had a higher paying job than what I had, I wouldnt want to be with him. The education didnt matter at that point. I let him know I could  not and would  not  marry him... although we talk and are friends, I wouldnt think he would be right for "US".',0
'This European based company received money from the Obama administration by leading the prez to believe they would we opening an auto plant in Delaware and creating green jobs in this country. They lied and took our tax dollars and created jobs in Europe. Talk about burning US taxpay dollars for nothing!!!',1
'Christie is a traitor only to people that live and die by the party ideology. \r\n He is helping people, I don't see Mitt going to the Cayman Island and writing a check for several Millions.\r\n \r\n If the private sector is so good during disasters then let's see them whip out their wallets. \r\n Guess not. \r\n Bunch of GOP  pussys',1
'this cell phone was free',1
'What's next, soaking your hair in jell-o?',1
'can you say organized crime. They suck the bloodlife right out of anyone. born predators whose real payday is yet to come. No amount of  lieing and thievery will get you out of it.  HAVE FUN WHILE YOU CAN.',1
'Akita just used a typicay Libby tactic. Don't answer the question just deflect.         Romney is not the President...Obama is!',1
'would be really interesting if he was a republican.  but we know there are no gay's in the republican party',0
'As long as we have power, I won't complain about the weather. One week without it and I'm ready to move.',1
'I think this man,(and anyone who follows him) is very confused. People who sit on their high horses and think they're above sin or God's judgment make me ill. I've been through a divorce...does that make me responsible for an earthquake or a tsunami? What a hypocrite.',0
'He's an idiot at best when it comes to real life tradegy.',1
'Too sad. RIP Zion!',1
'Honestly I don’t care, not every day you get to use a real life disaster as a natural backdrop.',1
'Hell yes I've worn them--if you've ever lived in Minnesota (or anywhere the average winter temp is below zero) you'd understand why!!  And no, the knock-offs DO NOT compare.  I bought a pair last year and my toes were just about frost-bitten from those cheaply made pieces of crap.  Uggs are expensive because they're comfy as hell and keep your toesies dry and warmer than any boot out there while still being cute (yes, I think they're cute... Not the metallic ones though lol!)',1
'He looks tired. I wonder who's on the other end of the phone. Maybe it's Michelle fussing at him about something. LOL',1
'I personally don't wear them but my daughter loves them.  They may be ugly but who wears winter boots to look cute in them in the first place.  She has worn these boots while working 8 or more hours outside in Chicago weather so they must keep your feet warm.  Two years ago we went up to Mn to do some ice fishing and man I froze my @$$ off in my Timberlands while she was alright in her uggs.',1
'Mr. President in my humble opinion just looks tired and sleepy with all the **** going around. but the show must go on. !! Damed if you do and Damned if you dont.  Im not giving up on you Mr.President Barack Obama.  Hes carrying a heavy load on his shoulders now for 8 years, and hes up for another 4.  I sure wouldnt want to be in his shoes, but he is willing to take it all again.  That is a True American Hero if i have ever seen one. And as For Donald Trump the only reason he is acting like a fool. like Barbara Walter said is Because he is a Fool.!!',1
'Who care, we have too many problem: Sandy, welfare, jobs, on and on... If we can't fix our own problem then forget the rest , **** them all',0
'From http://en.wikipedia.  ​ org/wiki/Political_p  ​ ositions_of_Mitt_Rom  ​ ney#Gun_ownership\r\n\r\n\r\n"While campaigning to represent Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate in 1994, Romney supported the Brady Bill, which imposed a five-day waiting period on gun sales, and a ban on particular semi-automatic rifles.[339] He said at the time, "That's not going to make me the hero of the NRA. I don't line up with the NRA."[340] In 2002, during his campaign for the governorship, Romney said: "We do have tough gun laws in Massachusetts; I support them. I won't chip away at them; I believe they protect us and provide for our safety."[340]\r\n\r\n\r\nAs governor of Massachusetts, in 2004 Romney signed[341] a measure permanently extending a statewide ban on military-style assault weapons, such as AK-47's and Uzi's.[342] At the bill-signing ceremony Romney said, "Deadly assault weapons have no place in Massachusetts...."\r\n\r\n\r\nGuess he flpped AGAIN!',1
'I'm an embarassed Mn resident in her district.  There are a whole lot of rednecks still livin' up north.  We just redistricted and believe it or not her district is now even MORE conservative.  When I tell my friends where I live, I hang my head in shame!.  Can't for the life of me figure out how she keeps getting elected.  I guess people are just afraid of change and she represents all that the good ole boys feel comfortable with.  It is so sad and so embarassing that she keeps getting elected.  After a year of being publically humilated in her presidential run, you'd think the peopl in the 6th district would get a clue!.  She missed 9-% of the votes in congress while she was running for president!.  And yet, pathetically, we will probably send her back.  Minnesota Nice has just gotta stop. She's an idiot!',1
'HAHAHAHA......"are you stupid"......so funny but yet so true......V_L break it down it means something else!',0
'Did you know that if you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8% sales tax on it? That's $3,800 on a $100,000 home, etc. When did this happen? It's in the health care bill and goes into effect in 2013. \r\nWhy 2013? Could it be to come to light AFTER the 2012 elections? So, this is "change you can believe in"? \r\nUnder the new health care bill all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax. \r\nIf you sell a $400,000 home, there will be a $15,200 tax. This bill is set to screw the retiring generation who often downsize their homes. Does this make your November and 2012 vote more important? \r\nOh, you weren't aware this was in the Obamacare bill? Guess what, you aren't alone. \r\nThere are more than a few members of Congress that aren't aware of it either.',0
'I have never been high or have ever wanted to. I went through all of high school without ever wanting to do it. I am now 22 and still havent done it.',1
'Of course it is,....THIS media is to stupid to understand the simplicity of it.  Instead this media wants to COVER up the dereliction of duty by this President, Vice President, Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense.  How do you spell sKum?  How about Obama, Biden, Clinton and Peneta? \r\nTalk about sleeze..............  ​ .try  M E D I A.',1
'As much as I like country music, I was disappointed with the CMA's last night. I like a good bit of the new country or whatever you want to call it, but the old country music that I like even more seems to be gone.  The very thing CMA was built on.  I remember a time when a band couldn't play the Opry if they had drums.  Just ask Willie!!  He and Waylon were banned, thus, the Outlaws were born!!  Where were the George's (Jones and Strait)? Seems too, that several awards were missing from last nights show.  Can't believe I stayed up to watch all of it.  Time wasted.  I was hoping it would get better I guess.',1
'The opposite can apply as well.  I used to work for a company in which I having a degree was rare.  Everyone knew this and people would always try to "one-up" me.  Even their spouses would come around and say "I make 85k a year with only a HS diploma" and all that.  I figured it was their way to substantiate their status.  I didn't really care, I was just focusing on bettering myself. \r\n Now I work in an organization where the minimum is a college degree and none of that angst exists. \r\n You are correct in the arrogance but I think it's more with personality make up than just educational achievement.  I would lean more towards how wealthy their parents were when they were growing up.  Let's just say I never really value life advice from friends that never had to struggle for anything (and I mean anything.)',1
'i leave a post and you deleat it ! a-- hole liberals',0
'good job GG,,,the liberals are crying  and complaining,,,,,just  ​  like everyday of their lives',1
'If you go to the original source, the dog jumped on the delivery person, who didn't want to press charges. However, the dog was a month overdue on it's rabies shot, and as a result there was a mandatory 10 day quarantine by the city. I agree in that if it were my dog and actually attacked someone, I'd be putting it down as well,but that isn't the same as what happened here.',1
'It sucks that you guys categorize all Christians into this pool of ignorance... What if instead of generically criticizing a group of people and calling them names you actually looked into their beliefs?  I understand that there are far too many hypocrites out there who blindly spout random religious beliefs without backing them up, but there are also those of us who actually understand what we believe and can back it up with facts and evidence.',1
'I guess all those unions that invest in Bain Capital better get out. The California Teachers union has investments through Bain! I say to all you liberals, just take your money out of Bain and invest in the US Gov't! Prove it is the way to go!',1
'its just another made up **** reason . big oil don't have to give reasons for how they control gas prices in this country. it would be a lie anyhow. they just charge what the hell they want, when they want and if we, john doe consummer don't like it we can just kiss there **** . because they don't give one damn . and thats the truth !!',1
'at least she's hot.',1
'The reason the media likes him is because he is likable.  It is painful for many who cannot identify with him to acknowledge that he is absolutely brilliant and his policies are  primary reason we did not fall into a full depression worse that the great depression after the Bush Administration Spent Trillions and Trillions we did not have on a war we did not need, deregulated the housing market. \r\nThe Bush administration also destroyed our credibility world wide.  That is why people have died needlessly and that is why George Bush has been too ashamed to show his face during this whole campaign.  And God, I wish there was a decent alternative so that if Obama loses I still would not have to lose sleep but Mitt Romney is a complete nightmare, Liberal on Tuesday, Conservative on Wednesday, ignorant and uninformed everyday.  Wake up to the best choice we have!',1
'it is in most countries.  Needs to be raised to 25 in USA though and driving needs to be raised until 19 in USA.',1
'married to a women i have know for 52 years married for 38 years first marriage after a 6 month engagement  in the hippie days. raised 3 of our own 2 nephews 1 foster daughters 4  homeless friends over the years have 14 grand children no drinkers no druggers all work. Worry about your own business not someone else's and you will always be occupied.be happy with what you have but always strive for more,never look back as you cant go forward looking backward',1
'Ok got to see it. It is diffrent. And diffrent can be good. bitches.\r\nNot really my style but I could hang.',1
'Let me fix that for you-'\r\n \r\nThey couldn't decide whether or not to go...I guess you could say...\r\n \r\n*sunglasses*\r\n \r\n...they were on the fence!',1
'That's why you live in the neighborhood you live in now, you just too cheap.',1
'As the saying goes "I LIKE TURTLES"',1
'Does your post mean anything at all, good God you really are a moron.',1
'Shame, shame, shame on you and everyone who liked the fosz comment.',1
'The only Bud products I can even get down are the "Chelada" (beer with tomato juice in it) and the Bud Lime, and only because the tomato juice or lime flavoring cover up the nastiness of the underlying Bud beer.',1
'I bought my 2012 Kia Sorento for the fact that it was a competitively priced AWD vehicle. MPG wasn't really a major factor. I will, however, be happy to accept that refund in the mail.',1
'I totally agree with most of the comments posted. I did enjoy some of the program, but I do have to TOTALLY AGREE this AIN'T COUNTRY. Until we get artists that sing like Reba, George Strait, Conway Twitty, George Jones, etc COUNTRY MUSIC is doomed. We don't need the "yelling" and "screaming", that belongs to rock and pop music. Country Music is songs you can understand when they are sung and touch you heart and soul when it is heard. Taylor Swift for the most part Carrie Underwood are POP SINGERS not COUNTRY at all!!!!!!!!! Please bring back the COUNTRY MUSIC that is trully country.',1
'Like it's easy to track such practices. Although abhorrent, forced labor always has, and always will be practiced in 3rd world countries. Just HOW would we prevent this from happening? I KNOW, OUTLAW CHOCOLATE. SIck the DEA on 'em. Create a comittee.',1
'Thank God Mr. Burns wasn't looking for a candidate that has 23 million Americans unemployed; 47 million on food stamps; 1 in 6 Americans in poverty; has added $6 trillion to the national debt, more than any other sitting president has ever added to the national debt in their first term; $2500 less take home pay, but $2500 additional health care costs per person; billions in stimilus money going to companies that months later filed for bankruptcy; and a President who is running from the truth about what happened to 4 Americans who were murdered in Benghazi.  Cuz if Mr. Burns wanted that type of candidate, he would have endorsed Obama.',1
'But before I bid you adieu for the weekend let me just say this.  I'd bet my bottom dollar that you're not very attractive and or in that good of shape.  Keep in mind that I have never seen you but I can tell just by the way you conduct yourself and your attitude.  Women know that the prettier they are the more valuable they are.  They use their looks to get what they want...  You're just an average chick with a good head and a good heart.  Perhaps if us men put more stock in average than we do in beauty then the world would be a better place.  Oh if it were only that easy...   ;)  Have a wonderful weekend...',1
'And no one will ever beat them.',1
'Naked pics on a mobile device... WHAT DO YOU MEAN, SOMEONE STOLE THEM?!?!?!?!',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Keep smiling Barry. Good work.',1
'No more sass from that kid.',0
'pull over, take off running, be black, you won't get a ticket,  you get shot in the back',1
'Even better is the reaction of the woman in the red shirt behind him.',1
'The "Liberal Media" posted this information on 10/19/12 not today.  Please stay with the facts.  It was all over the Sunday morning media two weeks ago.  This wasn't posted the weekend before the election...unlike it is being reported here.',1
'Someone, its pretty obvious that you support child labor and your only concern is how this bad publicity will affect the old folks.  Perhaps the elderly need to quit being so selfish and only thinking about themselves.',1
'Is it just me or is this girl seriously boneable?',1
'BS he should have left them alone now he has the expense of taking care of them plus getting them shots and fixed should have left them for the rats  NY's protein food',0
'Popa G  - the only BS I hear is coming from the pathological twin liars - Willard and Lyan Ryan \r\n Love the name your mommy gave you - ashamed to be known?',1
'michonne is a BAW!   but, as of yet she has been tame.....off with their heads!',1
'I would of beaten the cops asss. But wouldn't sue.',1
'You mean to tell me there are hotels kicking the hurricane victims out to make room for RUNNERS?????? Let's find out which ones are doing this and post a list online. Those people are scum of the Earth.',1
'Cha-ching! I bet Apple did not see that one coming. How can you sue someone for their name when they had it first?',1
'Hmmm......let's see....adjusted Disney songs and titles.....\r\n\r\nIt's a Small Ewok, After All\r\n\r\nWhen You Wish Upon a Death Star\r\n\r\nSnow White and the Seven Jedi\r\n\r\n20,000 Light Years Beyond Alderaan\r\n\r\nPinno - C3P0 ( I want to be a REAL Droid, someday....)\r\n\r\n\r\nHope I'm wrong, but this kind of collaboration might make one look back wistfully and exclaim, "Y'know, that Star Wars Christmas Special wasn't all THAT bad....."\r\n\r\nNext up, Jabba the Hut doubles as one of the "Islands of Adventure".....',1
'Paper work gets mislaid, accidents happen.  I was a volunteer for a dog rescue group for almost five years and all of the shelters I dealt with were staffed with fine and caring people.  I think the shelter handled it the right way, and the only way it could.  Bottom line to it all;  A owned dog needs to be under control especially when strangers are near.  It's a owners responsibility and we made that clear in the "Home visit" prior to adoption.',1
'"jeniffer,i got back the results, it cooties."',1
'um, has anyone given any thought to all the sidewalk gratings that go below street level to help vent the subways.......keep em coming....one will work...;)',1
'Do you tip a Police officer who gives you a ticket?  No, why not he is doing his job just like a waitress is.\r\nIf she needs the money of a tip she should have her employer pay her better.  The mother should buy groceries and not eat out.',1
'Re-TOG Oh shidt....Porn posting is back      --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ---------  Easy there big fellow...... I'm a biker old man... (might haf-ta go investigate dat one)',1
'yes they are far to young and this show should be stopped.. It adds to the belie3f of teenage girls that it's ok to get pregnant.. but YOU Mrs. Rancic are nothing but jealous..  and you better hurry cause if Romney wins you will not be able to do that for another child',1
'It seems that W S would rather see women and infants die in child birth than rely on doctors.  I would try to point out the idiocy in W S's post, but what is the point?  That woman has no clue and never will.',1
'Yeah!  \r\nWe was at a Bengals game and a buddy drinking beer on top of hot wings was going to lose a load of sh*t in his pants. Line to bathroom long as hell.  It was funny watching him. We told him go before half time started.',1
'Your whole premise is that she's "good." Remember, YOU may think that, but there are millions who DON'T.',0
'@ stretchedthin.... love the post....lol',1
'The answer to the question is NO!!  However, this woman is not pregnant and the baby bump was part of the costume.  So...the better question would be (Is it ever OK for people to drive so drunk that they pass out in the middle of the road?)  With that little tidbit of info...this is a non-story played out in many places across the country.....',1
'treat or trick',0
'Another way is to purchase the "GOOD GUY" card. \r\n  \r\nWhat is the "GOOD GUY" card you ask? It is the card the Fraternal Order of Police send to you when you make a donation. When They pull you over you put the card on top of your license. Then the cops klnow you contributed to the FOP and you're considered a "GOOD GUY" and no ticket for you.',0
'I watched it in it's early days and thought it was pretty good.  I've turned it on a couple of times recently and it's like watching a night-time soap opera.  This show jumped the shark a year or so ago!',1
'Subaru Impreza is just as bad! the window sticker said it would get 29 to 43 mpg highway which is why i bought the car.I live in a rural area which is mostly open road highway driveing and the average mpg that i have gotten is 30 mpg! Car companies should be held accountable for their false claims!!!!!',1
'AS USUAL IT COMES DOWN TO WHO PAYS. AS ONE POINTED OUT COBRA REPRESENTS THE TOTAL OF THE PREMIUN CHARGED TO YOUR EMPLOYER. I HAVING BEEN ON COBRA TWICE , MY EXPERINCE , IS GREAT. I FEEL THE COBRA INSURER CAN NOT RAISE THE RATE WITHOUT DOING THE SAME FOR YOUR EMPLOYER. THE COMPANY WHERE I WORKED HAVE YEARLY MEETING WITH THE INSURER AT WHICH TIME THE UPCOMING RATE IS SET. I CAN NOT COMPLAIN WITH MY COVERAGE BEING GREAT AND THE RATE STAYED THE SAME [ I'M CURRENTLY ON COBRA] UNTIL THE MEETING IN FEB. 2013.',1
'looks like he got the good stuff',1
'Mexico really sucks.\r\n \r\n-rest of the 3rd world nations',0
'The article was not about her posing but rather how the internet turned the idea into the farce it really is.',1
'E.T. phone home',1
'Can you believe the **** Mitt says ....continue Mitt :)',1
'It's interesting to note that I got 2 thumbs downs for posting facts that I actually supported, while the original poster got 10 thumbs up for making a patently false assertion that anyone with an Internet connection could have checked at a reliable, original source web site.',0
'there is a movie call waiting .... i hope you watch it  to appreciated  the job',1
'Yup after counting my fingers and using both hands it is 4. You tricky guys are quick!',1
'Congrats! The real party will be in hell. See you there!',1
'Why buy coca in Africa Why not the Philippines, or South and central America.',1
'Once, 'til death do us part.',1
'I think this is a good idea. Unfortunately I suspect he'll be doing this fairly often, and by doing so it puts it in the forefront of people's mind. You can't really force a person to leave an abuser, but you can make sure there are avenues available to that person who needs to leave. Often the women feel trapped and like they have no other options. By putting a reminder out there to people of what a problem this really is, it will hopefully garner more support for services for victims of domestic violence, and in turn prevent defunding or encourage more donations to the organizations that offer those services.',1
'This is bs.  The purpose of the trafic violation is to generate revenue, it is not about safety.',1
'It's about being tired of having a man that HATES America holding the highest office in the nation. He had no experience, had no intention of gaining real experience and just sits back signing all of these bills that are going to further destroy our economy. ObamaCare is one BIG joke, except that it's not funny. Our Military families are going to end up paying more and they've sacrificed so much already. The list could go on and on of his "Take America Down" Agenda. I just wish the George Soros backed Liberal Media had the professionalism and integrity to actual publish the real stories of what's been going on in the White House instead of covering up for the poor excuse of a Man and President.',1
'he is too cute... :)',1
'Greed, of course it is. I bet you go to your job and work for free, just so you can contribute to the well being of all mankind.',0
'Hunter Hayes.  Awesome musician, so-so vocalist.  It's quite obvious he, Taylor Swift and Gary LaVox, lead singer of Rascal Flatts, all have the same vocal coach in Brett Manning.  They have no bottom to their voice and sing with a very nasally tone, with the same phrasing.  They sing in a style taught by Manning and one I hate. LaVox may be the worst live performer I've ever heard.  Unfortunately, if you closed your eyes you couldn't tell if it is Hunter or LaVox singing.  Hunter, I'm from Lafayette, know your parents and remember you as a five year old playing accordion and singing at Mulate's.  Get a different coach!  I know you can sound better.  Don't settle for mediocre.',1
'i have a camry 2012 hybred and meets or exceds the published milage your speed or a heavy foot will alter that i uasually get between 37 and 43 mpg driving on the hiway max speed of 65 mph city is always 39 mpg noise is very almost none existent.',1
'I think I have had 4 speeding tickets in my life. I have been pulled over 4 times. I always wind up with the ticket, but as this Officer said, I desrved the ticket. I was speeding. I have been known to take a while to pull over, but that is only when I am an area that is narrow and the officer would be pretty much in traffic. I slow way down and signal, and explain to the officer why I took longer to pull over. None of them were every annoyed at that. I am always respectful also. These men and women are out there to keep everyone safe.',1
'There are the log cabin republicans.',1
'Two words.   YES DEAR.',1
'Well, I didn't watch the CMA awards this year because they cause me sorrow, anguish and a feeling of wanting to vomit. I used to love Country music and grew up with it. However, that was when it was true to itself and true to its people, the common folk. Country music used to be for all peoples who love all peoples, God and Country. \r\n  \r\nBut, this is no longer true. I call the CMA awards, the Caucasian Music Awards! It is no longer for all peoples, but only for the White, Young and Beautiful, without regard to uniqueness or talent. \r\n  \r\nWe used to love Country music, we the people; Asian, Black, Brown, Red, etc. I will echo the words of Martin Luther King, but slightly modified, "I believe one day the CMA will live up to its own belief, that Country Music is for all peoples, God and Country". \r\n  \r\nUntil then, they can have it. I'd rather listen to real rock n roll, if I am going to listen to it. \r\n  \r\nJesse Gaytan, A lover of true Country.',1
'Bloomberg was an idiot to entertain that thought, but you are a bigger idiot if you believe it came from someone just because they are rich.',1
'waaaa waaaa go away already.',1
'As a SoCal surfer, I've worn them since the '80s. They're warm & functional - period. That said, when they came into "fashion", the prices went up, and the quality went down. They have competitors that are offering far better values - like the ones warming my apres-surf feet right now.',1
'If you don't like the way they figure UE take it up with Reagan he came up with the formula. MORONS!!!!',1
'I like many others spent many a year with a tray in my hand or behind a bar. I have had bad service on many occasions, but I always tip well. I do make it a point to be courteous and speak to the server by name, for the most part the service immediately improves. As for the receipt above, perhaps the patron could have budgeted better and had one less drink or appetizer and taken care of the server properly. The server could be a single mother/father as well, and 2.13 an hr does not pay the bills.',1
'Yes. \r\n  \r\nSincerely, \r\nEveryone',1
'I agree with the dog!  Just say NO to Robamney!',1
'Good for your daughter. Don't decide for everyone else though. Consevative christians do that enough.',1
'Manzana phone <-- LOVE IT!',1
'Hell yes it does...',1
'LOL Another Rushbot blows wind. 9/11 cost 5 trillion , The Bush tax cuts over 10 yrs 1 trillion a yr less for the US Treasury , where are the jobs they were to create >? Two wars for over another 10 yrs , borrowed money from the republicans ! See your blind . Your party has lead the USA into this huge debt! And BTW I am entitled to my soc sec ! Its MINE and no REPUKE is going to cut it ! I have only been paying in for 40 yrs ! My IRA is a gold IRA and its just fine ! But i only lost 75% of the value of my home < thanks to wall stree ! At least they did not steal my IRA like my friends 401K . Ya 8 yrs of a republican congress borrowing for wars , 6 yrs of the FEDs running the printing presses at full speed ! Wall street sucking 13 trillion out of our economy from the meltdown! Tax bailouts to wall street they never paid back ! At least Chrysler did ! If Dems are tax and spend Republicans are borrow and spend ! Read your constitution on who tax and spends.. You might learn a few things LMFAO..',1
'NIFTY is in Eye of Beholder... Personally, I Think Every Family Should Vacation at Least Once in the Capitol of Their State... Not Only Is It More Economical than Most Vacation Destinations, It Is Informative & Helps Build Pride in Ones Own Community...',1
'Look I know you all are frightened...fear is a major weakness with the righties...no worries...after Tuesday you all can resort back to your bigotry in the confines of your country bumpkin lives.',1
'Explain...',1
'His offer is equally stupid an offensive but since it isnt about Obama people will not complain.  People tell trump "just donate it anyways" but will they do the same to Cuban?  Blows my mind no one ever stops to say "just release your college records anyways".\r\n \r\nWhat could be so bad Obama would not let a charity get 5million dollars?  Its probably something like an anti-american protest he was written up for.  I say we demand to know.  If 5 million dollars wont unseal it, it must be pretty good stuff!',1
'Been there done that!',1
'No price drop here. Still nearly $4/gal. It did hit $4.15 a while ago, but 15 cents is only about 4 %. Not what I'd call significant. Adirondack mts. NY.',1
'That woman has no shame. Like you said, I am not a single mom but $140 for a meal is about what my husband & I pay for a 'special' meal, anniversary, birthday. If this is real then I hope the establishment remembers her and give her the service a $0 tip deserves',1
'IT'S THE HAIRY WOMEN WE NEED TO STAY AWAY FROM THEY ALL HATE MEN.BUT THATS OK NO MAN WANTS TO BE NEAR THEM',1
'Maybe the kid was interested in having a career as an electric fence?',0
'OMG my brother used to have that skate deck!  That's friggin awesome!',1
'Were you not born yet when 9/11 happened and Bush lied to the country to start a war?',1
'Puppy mills are now illegal in L.A...that's the right thing to do, but there are still plenty of HUMANS living in substandard housing in L.A. and elsewhere in the country, yet that doesn't spawn nearly as much vitriol as ANIMALS living in substandard conditions.',1
'And that would make you a typical white, no!  \r\nYou're ignorance is showing its ugly head.',1
'THANK YOU, THANK YOU L.A.!!!!!!!!!!!!!   It's about time this happened and other big cities across the US should take note and follow suit!  It should be everywhere, but this is a huge step in right direction!',1
'I am not dismissing Ms. Bachmann because she is a woman as that would be discriminatory, I am dismissing her because she is an ignoramus. I'm also going to discriminate against you for the same reason. You've taken the ignorant shortcut and demeaned Ms. Fluke using the same argument that was completely repudiated (look this one up if you have to) by every respected news source around. Ms. Fluke's testimony was for equal access to prescriptions that had never been at issue before. If you had any intelligence you would realize that prescription birth-control does more than protect against pregnancy it is also the primary drug used to manage several other female medical issues. On the flip side these same religious objectors to birth control have no objections to making sure that erectile medications are available for men. So if it is god's will that women have babies then isn't it also god's will the some men should lose the lead in their pencil. Anything less would be discriminatory.',1
'That white lion has a cute "dopey" look. I love it.',1
'All I ever here is negative Obama stuff......I do live in Houston Texas, though.........these  ​  people are bible hugging idiots!!!',1
'My ex-husband felt the same way. Seems that women pull the "not tonight" routine more often than men though. Regardless, that kind of rejection is devastating to the husband or the wife. All things considered, our son is still the greatest gift we ever received.',1
'Why can't they postpone this event until later this year?',1
'Sorry, I meant Hershey...not Hersh3ey',0
'It was insensitive of him to go off campaigning a day after the storm, I thought, and now he's comparing the clean-up to a post-football party on the field? Seems to me if he was concerned about the devastation on the East coast he would have showed up and pitched in with whatever means he has. How can the American people count on somebody like this?',1
'Well, the Spanish were a bunch of genocidal maniacs. Does the Spanish\r\nInquisition ring a bell to anyone?',1
'yes, and each pair fell apart after three returns.  I gave up.',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker man! They met via [ seek add riders] it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other.  if you are interested in it, just check it out. ',0
'I would have said "NOW you understand the truth about cops!"',1
'There are millions of beautiful women that are beautiful on the outside and inside. People magazine is ridiculous. Does anyone really believe this crap?',1
'The bottom line is that if Uniions were good for the workers and business then all businesses would be Unionized.  Organized crime got whiff of all that 'free' money sloshing around inside the union bank accounts and figured they wanted in on the action....the rest is history.  Graffed, unethical  behavor, failure to do your fuduciary duty to your employer, failure to perform work to your ability, lying about hours worked, dragging out projects in order to get more pay, sabotaging projects...etc.  The list of bad deeds and failures is endless!  I'm certainly not saying this applies to all unon workers, but I don't know of any union working that I know of that hasn't sahred these stories with me.',1
'Shocked unemployment numbers are not below 5% anything to get re-elected Barry!  Lost any shot at any sane persons vote when you started using Good Ol Slick Willy to campaign for you!',0
'Condolences.',1
'sad.',1
'Amen B-Jay',1
'OK let me ask you a quick question? Our economy has created on average 110,000  jobs per month since Obama took office in Jan 09. This is where he gets his figure of 4.3 million jobs created. But he says he has created 4.3 million jobs since 2010? Did he forget he took office in 09? The reason why he does not say anything about 09-10 is because if you look at the figures we actually have 400,000 fewer jobs than when he took office. Bureau of labor and statistics. Do not look at the unemployment numbers, look at the EMPLOYMENT numbers. These tell the true story. Also how can you move forward when our dollar has lost close to 13% of it's value since he took office (wall street journal) and our debt has skyrocketed by more than 5 trillion, (by December 2012) We have also averaged 1.3 trillion in deficits every year since Obama took office. So the simple math will tell you that it is counterproductive to spend almost 5 trillion dollars to create 4.3 million jobs. What do you think?',0
'I am saddened by what is implied by the title of this Column.',1
'Left two cents once at a 'waffle house'.  Found out later that she was fresh out of jail and had already gone back for pulling a knife on the cook.',1
'The media SUCKS.  And for the record, the statement is half correct.  Mr. Hope and Change is the epitome of suckiness. \r\n  \r\nFour more years?  Try four more days.',1
'Accidental Discharge happens every once in awhile.',1
'A friend is a police officer and he too tells me that if the driver is able to identify the crime that they have committed (i.e. speeding, not stopping fully at a stop sign, illegal turn) then he is less likely to give that person a ticket.  His theory is that if they don't know what they did then they may need a bigger reminder to not do it again.  Thank you for your service and for clearing up the misconceptions that this article perpetuates.',1
'Hateful mindless comment from a stupid troll',1
'I would be SHOCKED !!!! (sorry had to say it )',0
'TOMMOROW IT WILL SAY,DOW DROPS ON REVISED JOBS NUMBERS.WHAT A FLIM-FLAM GAME.',0
'Have you ever been a waitress?  Probably not judging  by your response. But just FYI for next time yes your  waitress was overwhelmed  holidays are the worst . ( oh yeah don't forget she has a  mom too and the  last thing she wants to be doing is waiting  on overprivlaged  bitches   such as your self , but here she is  ) . Your  complaining  on top of everybody else's constant childish ****ing complaining and all of her other duties  combined  doesn't help her  "attitude" as you so  graciously call it. Oh and lets not forget your problem is really more of the kitchen staff's fault not her's but hey its okay blame the over worked waitress.  Then you  complain to her manger which means  she would be facing  disciplinary  action possibly  losing her  job  at  best she'll have  to pay for  your husband's meal,  that  charge  doesn't just go away if you  don't have  to pay for it . Also remember in most states  waitress get half of minimum wage and because they can't   tax her tips   her  wages get a doubly  taxed  which means if your paying attention her wages are next to nothing  she  lives off her tips . On top of which  she s expected to "tip out" or share a percentage of her tips with the  busier, the  bartender, the dishwasher's,  and sometimes the cooks.   Now  because of your  complaints your husband's meal has  just come out of her wages and or tips depending on the restaurant's policy . She's made  next to nothing  on your table. And then you  go and have to split the  ****ing  check . Do you have  any ****ing idea how  goddamn difficult that is ? Remembering who ordered what  and who's  card goes where she probably made a  mistake  on the  tip and  combined them all, but you got her fired anyway because of ten ****ing dollars, not only did you get her fired but you probably  caused  some legal action to be taken  out on her. So now  she's  not only jobless but facing legal action as well  . And then you have the gall to say its probably for then best. Great job you over privileged bitch',0
'hey nj if this is true then no more fedreal aid for u knot head's',1
'I am so pissed and its not even my dog. I would be dangerous if this happened to my dog. Put the blame where it belongs, right in your incompetent hands, Karen Walsh. I hope your lose sleep.',1
'Our first wedding was a nightmare thanks to the place we held it. Other than the unexpected glitches, the guests ended up with food poisoning and they had a bikini contest going on outside the reception area - which was made of floor to ceiling windows. 10 years later we learned that wedding was invalid, and decided to get remarried. While hanging decorations, the extension ladder slipped and the wedding was delayed 2 hours due to a trip to the ER. While I drove my parents 2 hours to the airport that Monday, my husband was in surgery getting his thumb screwed back together! Thank goodness the marriage is far better than the ceremonies!!',1
'MSN nice job on spinning words around ,  Mitt was making a point.       where is my president  in VEGAS',1
'I'm a dog person but I have to admit  the only cats I like are two cartoon big cats:  Diego from Ice Age and Hobbes from Calvin and Hobbes! That's probably because I just prefer their personalities over normal house cats.',1
'Any of you guys have an unbiased, non political guess for how the EC #s will go on tuesday?',1
'MIRAGE GUY:You should read some books on economics.Everything  ​  you say is dead \r\nwrong.If you had put money in the market when Obama took office you`ld be up 60% \r\nand be singing the praises of Obama instead of being mean, nasty and bitter towards \r\nthe Dems.We have a winner in there.Put your money in the market and by 2016 \r\nthe Dow will be 20,000 and you`ll be rich and happy like my family.',1
'In my opinion, the only thing that makes a marriage last is for both people to want it to last, then behave accordingly.',1
'i thought maritime law universally & ethically demands that aid (in one form or another) must be rendered to any fellow mariner in distress.',1
'I'm sure his exact words were reported accurately here. Most of the media is in the tank for Obama so bad it's sickening. They don't even try to hide it anymore. When a news channel has the dishonorable pimp Al Sharpton as a political commentator that is meant to be taken seriously something has gone very very wrong.    Shameful and sickening. I am going to Haw Haw so loud when your Dear Leader loses.',1
'Yes Abigael, I've had enough of Bronco Bama too.',1
'I wish I wouldmhave went to his house !  With two containers to fill',1
'I don't even like her song writing. All her songs are pretty much the same. Feel sorry for the next poor sap who ends up with her, they better hope it works out. I'm convinced that's the only reason she dates now, because when it doesn't work out she has another song or two. Each boyfriend is just her next money ticket, why her songs keep becoming hits is beyond me.',1
'Ah yes...life goes on.',0
'Never tip on the Quality or Taste of the food or if there is a little extra treat. , The Chef is not receiving the tip. If you need to return your plate see how the server handles that and tip on how it is handled. I have deducted from my tip when server was chatting with other  servers and my food sat on the under the warmer. or it came with an item I requested not to have.',1
'Yes and I do think they are comfortable. I have always thought they were overpriced and if the company could just understand that and not be so snotty/uppity they could survive the downtrend',1
'Not a very good point.  The fact is if a dog causes any type of injury and the owner can not show current rabies vaccination then the dog is quarantined for ten days so it can be observed for rabies symptoms.  If no injury occurs and the owner can not provide current rabies vaccination the owner is fined.  If the incident occurs where there is no injury and the owner provides current rabies vaccination then no action is taken in  regards to the vaccination.  Of course other laws could be broken such as leash laws.  I have made my point.',1
'Hey That a Great Bowl',1
'Yeah most of this stuff still requires some investment.  You can't get free movies and tv shows with out already owning a computer/tablet/smar  ​ tphone, and then there's what you pay for the internet access/phone/data service.  \r\n \r\nWith groceries you still have to buy groceries to get the free gas.  Lets say $100 grocery bill, you get $0.10/gal off at your next fill up.  Say your tank is 10 gal, you just saved a whole $1.00.  i know some programs are better than others but you still have to put up the money for the groceries first, usually a significant amount to get the free gas.\r\n \r\nIts just like I try to tell my wife, those Gymboree Gym bucks you got aren't free, you had to buy the clothes to get the bucks and then you have to go back to use the gym bucks and usually you have to spend a certain amount of money to use your "free money".',1
'So - about 3 years ago my perfectly healthy 25 year old husband (not overweight, no diabetes, non smoker) had bicycling accident and broke his femur Memorial Day weekend.  We had health insurance through my employer.  While he was in the hospital he was on blood thinner - apparently blood clots are a common side effect of a broken femur.  When they went to released him days later I was given a prescription for the blood thinner he had in the hospital.  When I went to get it I was told it wasn't covered by my prescription plan - to get it would cost over $1,000. For us at the time recently out of college and just starting out that was A LOT (esp. with all the "covered" medical expenses we were still going to need to pay out of pocket) - so I called and asked the doctor if there was an alternative.  If he needed it I told him I would find a way to pay for it - but if there was an alternative I was all ears.  They said he could take aspirin.  So we went home.  I did some reading up on the side effects and symptoms to look out for (thank goodness) because a few days later when my husband mentioned an ache in his back - and then pain when he breathed I called the doc right away.  Needless to say - one ambulance ride and we were back in the hospital - now with a blood clot in his lung (dangerous but I still thank god it didn't go to his brain or heart).  \r\nThe moral of the story is - an ounce of prevention can not only save lives but a lot of money ($1,000 prescription vs Thousands of $ a day for a week in the hospital with a blood clot in the lung) \r\n\r\nI didn't pay the thousands of $ a day - our insurance did (trust me we had more than fulfilled our $5,000 deductible at that point) but the fact that my husband COULD HAVE DIED because the health insurance vs prescription company didn't see the worth in some prevention.\r\n\r\nI know there are many people against "Obama Care" but for all the yelling about repealing it I haven't heard any other ideas.  There is something seriously wrong with the health care system in our coutry.  I don't know if Obama Care is the answer - but it least it is something - the beginning of a step in the right direction.',1
'Which is more important, who he said it to or that he said it at all?  I think the latter.',1
'No.',1
'You need to quit working with children as you don't know how to spell.',1
'I messed up my entire life because I got high\r\nI lost my kids and wife because I got high\r\nNow I'm sleeping on the sidewalk and I know why (why man?) yea heyy, \r\nCause I got high [repeat 3x]\r\n\r\n(La da da da da da da da da)',1
'Yes, I was thinking the same thing......all the way around.',1
'Yea right....the only pussy the pink lady eats is the one he runs down on his electric scooter and the reason he has learned to like the hair on it is he is too freaking lazy to remove it all before boiling it for dinner.....that girl ain't fooling me any LOL',1
'When I was a kid I could have used a hug every day.',1
'Taylor Swift is NOT country, she make me wanna rip my stereo out of my car and throw it out the window moving at 70 mph!!!! Ok thank you for letting me vent :-)',1
'.',0
'Miranda is from the same Country town that I am from and she and Blake are country for sure so go them!  Did anyone notice how bad Kenny Chesney did!!! I mean I love that song but didnt he do it last year?! Was he drunk, about to cry, what?!',1
'George Lucas is one of a kind who has never played the Hollywood game on their terms.  It's a shame he doesn't want to continue the franchise on his own so the legacy remands exclusively his, but he will always be one of the greats in my eyes !',1
'Mitch Lucker, your fans will never forget you and always have you in their hearts. I still can't believe you dead </3 R.I.P Mitch Lucker \r\n1984-2012',1
'Yes, I have seen someone lose it waiting in line. My friends and  I were leaving OCIR and traffic narrowed down to one line. It was taking a long time to get out of the parking lot. I think there was only one exit open. A car came up on the sholder and cut in about 3 cars ahead of us. A person  in the car being cut off pulled out a .45 and shot the driver in the head killing him. To make matters worse the Orange County Sheriff's Deputys would not let drivers flee for safety.',1
'I have a Nissan Leaf and I don't care about gas!!',1
'For the politically incorrect (in response to wmn)\r\nSorry but we have been voting in Dem and Rep for far too long...\r\nThey are opposite wings of the same bird...\r\nRock paper and siccors\r\nWe the PEOPLE DESERVE A THIRD PARTY TO BREAK THE DEAD LOCK OF IN ACTIVITY AND BICKERING. \r\nRock and paper does ot constitute as a real game. No winner unless you have a third element. \r\nGov of NM Gary Johnson Libertarian Party time to get back to the real constitution',1
'How is This Idiot!!',1
'he's HOT!! idris all the way is OK by me! black-white-JB has still got it after all these years!!!!!!',1
'Oh, I thought this was in Florida! Dopey me!',1
'The unemployment rate rose again today?  Oh, well...........my idiot lemmings will re-elect me anyway.  Some people never learn.',1
'talk about an idiot!!!! she may not have done anything good here...but for u to wish anyone to rot in hell shows who the real idiot is!!!!!',1
'Um, gross first of all and *whistles* wow, wonder how they are going to get their money? His grandkids will still be paying that company back... unless he's gay... then his adopted kids kids will.',1
'Oh,It doesn't matter how much you respect them or everything you listed to be right and not get a ticket and just a warning. WELLLLLL  your wrong.  It's a money gimmit and all states are hard up for money and the more tickets they give out a day,is more money for the state. It's all a money gimmit!!!!!    anyone going 10 miles over the speed limit should be pulled over.  But 7-9 miles over is stupid and a money gimmit. I have gotten a ticket for going over 9 miles over the speed limit.  He said because I was in  city limits,the speed was 35,I was going 43 and he gave me a ticket.  The small town must been hard up for town money.  So don't give me that crap,maybe you'll get a warning,WELLLLLLLLLL  ​ LL   I have never had a warning and it's always been under 10 miles over the speed limit.  So your FULL of CRAP !!!',1
'you wrote "cold as hell"......never been there, but i heard hell is anything but cold',1
'Lemming5',1
'Team Romney Admits “Relief” Event Was Staged for Political Reasons \r\nI also found this part of the story fascinating. The Romney campaign admits that the intent behind the rally was swing state election visibility, not hurricane relief: \r\n \r\nBut Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "oppotunity" to exploit.',1
'What change did Taylor Swift make - her teeth looked different to me - "bigger"',1
'just for jumping on the pizza guy  come on  WTF???',1
'I agree that it is a fascinating subject but as all things, I'm sure it can be over-analyzed',1
'God, in His goodness, sent the grapes to cheer both great and small; Little fools will drink too much, And great fools none at all.',1
'My daughter last year got in trouble at school for hugging. It was and still is the most ridiculous things I have ever witnessed.',1
'= BIMBO',1
'IGNORANT JOCK LOSERS LIKE HIM ARE ALLWAYS MAD WHEN THEY GET REMINDED THAT THEY ARE USELESS. IF HE WAS DOING HIS JOB THEY WOULD BE WINNING.',1
'I think it's a shame she didnt' tip. If she could afford $140 for 1 meal then she can afford to tip. $140 could get her several meals for her family! And waiters and waitresses count on those tips as part of their salary!',1
'Pre-"True Blood" the tv series, I'd always pictured Johnny Depp as "Bill...lovely!',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'Geez, so much mis-information',0
'Anyone who thinks that Uggs are "hideous" never saw the backwards shoes that were on here a few weeks ago.',1
'this man should loose his job to say the least',1
'This article makes some good points about planning for retirement, but it's too simplistic -- it doesn't address the fundamental question about PRUDENTLY investing your savings for retirement.  A person can make and save more than enough money for a secure and comfortable retirement, but if he/she doesn't invest that money wisely, then inflation, investment losses, and other unforeseen and unexpected circumstances can easily erode his/her retirement "nest egg."   \r\n I know that many of you bloggers are tired of me harping about Ken Fisher and his financial advisory/money management company, FISHER INVESTMENTS.  No matter, I will continue to do so until every investor is made aware of this egregious and deceitful man and his despicable company! Fisher Investments has destroyed the hopes, dreams, and financial security of many seniors/retirees. I know that many of you have read about my disastrous investing experience with Fisher Investments, so I'll not bore you with it again.  Just remember this:  BE AWARE AND BEWARE of FISHER INVESTMENTS!',0
'The Center for Disease Control has issued a warning about a new virulent strain of this old disease. The disease is called "Gonorrhea Lectim." It pronounced "Gonna re-elect em" and is as terrible as getting Bush-wacked. The disease is contracted through dangerous and high risk behavior involving cranium up the rectum. Many victims contracted the disease in 2008. Most people, after having been infected during the following 8 years, are beginning to realize how destructive this sickness can become!\r\nGonorrhea Lectim is easily cured with a new drug on the market called "Votemout." The first dose should be taken now and the second dose in Nov. 2012. Everyone should be warned not to engage in this type of behavior again; otherwise, it could become permanent and eventually wipe out all life as we know it.\r\nPlease inform all those bright persons you love and really care about.',0
'That was almost as funny as the reality of Mittens and his fake "Hurricane Relief Photo Op" .  The one where the campaign went to WalMart and bought 5000.00 worth of canned goods and handed it out to peope waiting in line to shake Mittens grubby little paws.  They then faked the donations coming from people, and there stood phony liar Mittens smiling and thanking people for giving the canned goods which everyone knows is not what the red cross needs to help people.  Well, everyone also knows that Mittens wants to give the American people NOT what they need but what they don't want!  It is all about him!!  He would have America for HIS thanksgiving feast.  Just like Nixon, the sleeze ball is a crook and a liar',1
'Yep USA ONE, the Republican party has got to get it's act together if it wants to remain a viable, credible, major party. There has been a continuing number of defections to "Independent" as political affiliation.',1
'Correct, and one step further, Obama has screwed American's period!',1
'i know, Mitt, but you can't be pregnant by me, silly, men can't have babies',1
'Arthur, stick with no one cares.',1
'This woman is strange, acts strange, what is she? It's painful to look at her and it's painful to watch her inappropriate actions.',1
'Notice the "compulsory" part?  Just like Red Russia and their one-party elections we used to joke about.  Choose, you MUST choose, or you'll be taken out and shot, or thrown in the gulag.  The ramblings of America-hating liberals writing for msn.com probably missed the irony entirely.',0
'What GAMBLERS are you talking about ??  ;  the ones in CHICAGO ??     The Vegas line says Romney will win by a LANDSLIDE !!          Ohio for Romney/Ryan',1
'you are absolutely correct about his supporters.. you forgot the marxists, black liberation folks, gay men, muslims, radicals...  \r\nand that obama money you refer to is actually OUR money. \r\nIf these nit wits think that Romney has any supporters like that they are far from \r\nreality... but I leave them to their pit of doom.. 5 more days and they will know the sad truth for them.. about which all us regular folks will be celebrating.',1
'Global warming is a natural phenomenon and has been occurring since the earth was formed. We are but a flea fart in the wind with our adverse contribution to the environment. The only thing that comes out of all the hysteria about Global Warming is making guys like Al Gore filthy rich from those who buy into his crap. Polar caps are melting because the earth is recycling itself and not because of smog emissions. Does anyone ever stop to think (mostly not) that there are volcanoes all around the world including under the polar caps and with their activity of warming the water that is contributing to the caps melting. We may be in for another cataclysmic event in the Earths evolution and yet another ice age that would most definitely effect the existence of mankind. So to answer the above question, "YES" global warming played a part but not because of how we exist today.',1
'youngGranny what is the lesson here in personal responsibility? Not to trust service people? \r\nBy the way youngGranny, my generation isn't the generation that sued McDonald's for their hot coffee being too hot.  Nor is it the one that sued Oreo for making them fat.  Or that tried to sue the music industry for making their kids violent, and the television networks for not having a rating... this list really could go on forever.',1
'Seems to me you're actually the sheeple..If Mutt says it then it must be true?.Wow are you easily brainwashed!',1
'this is why the union brotherhood's all must go!',1
'He concluded: "I mean...yes."',1
'Good idea.',1
'I try to change the channel when she comes on, but seven times out of ten she's on the other country music station also. So now I just turn the volume down until she's finished.',1
'people should consume drugs and experience the effects for themselves. learn to think for themselves. then they will know pot is less harmful than booze and all the other drugs similarly classified with pot. nixon was a criminal and a liar; who can believe any reports out of his administration ?\r\nCocaine with social drinking can enhance fellowship between christians when consumed infrequently and in moderation. Heck, a Catholic Pope even praised the benefits of Coca Cola with real cocaine in it. Have your Coke Blessed and then praise the Lord. Now you know why it was called the "real thing" in those coca cola commercials. I say to start a petition to put the "coca" back in the cola. coke and wine are very fine; smoke a little pot just before you dine. I had to give up candle lit dinners with my girlfriend, though. She always used the candle light to cook her smack. After I changed to artificial light, we didn't have any more problems. But then she mixed the smack in the coke and I wondered why I felt so much more good than usual. Gosh, Beave, I really miss that girl.',1
'Got one word to describe Christopher Dabney:\r\n \r\nDOOOOOOOOOSH!!!',1
'You are right Doraga, but that was in 2008 when the middle class, and working tax payers voted for him. He had come up with a plan to get people to vote for him. He did not make the economy first priority and now in 2012 he is wanting people to be government dependent and frankly that is where we are going. People do not want to believe that which is their right, but this is at a  point of no return. He has already said that he will borrow again after he is re-elected which will put us further in dept and in return we will come closer to depending on the whole government til if and when somebody comes up with a better solution. Plus it has already been said that no matter who gets elected their would be hard to clean up all this mess.',1
'You have a filthy mind. Gross',1
'I think most people got to "ya'll" in your post and knew the rest was Far Ultra Conservative Klan Evangelist Republican Southerner bull chip. You are the worst form of human on Earth.',1
'The kid's a rebel already.  Opposing the "no hugging policy."',1
'bye',1
'I agree.  However, the furbies act like shaving is some kind of chore.  I guess wiping is a chore for them too.',1
'echoesofmercy - your parents were very trusting. Mine, not so much, I guess.',1
'well I watch nbc news, cnn news, cnbc news and find that for the most part they dont like either, all of the above have shown more of Romney;s ralies than those of Obama's they also let what romney says go pretty much untested as an example relating to ford and gm sending jobs  to china in romney add's. however msnbc is totally for obama as fox is totally for Romney. The only reason republicans are having a hard time with Romney is because he changes his mind on every stance he has taken. so what do you expect the news to say nothing?',1
'I was in New York City on Oct 10 for 5 days. I met a lot of wonderful people. My heart breaks for them and the people of New Jersey.  The people of this country are survivors and New York and New Jersey will recover. Our prayers are with you',0
'It was his choice to watch the whole thing... If he started to get upset by it, he did have 2 feet to walk out of the delivery room.\r\n \r\nMan up, your just a whinng crybaby who can't take alittle blood and gore... Stop thinking about yourself and focus on what your wife went thru. Be thrilled she gave you a beautiful son.\r\n \r\nIf you had problems in the bedroom after the birth, I would say you impotency problems before hand.',1
'I don't trust anything in any Southern State, especially Texas where people are too dumb to know what the issues are and don't care as long as the person they vote for is white. Ignorance is a sin.',1
'NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO  ​ ,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,N  ​ O,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,NO,  ​ NO,NO, the Republican line: The last 4 years, thats all FOLKs!!!  Thanks for caring about AMERICA!!!!!',1
'Thanks for the giggle, whoever you are.',1
'anyone who thinks global warming is a hoax probably believes that fox news is fair and balanced, rush limbaugh is a decent person, glen beck and michelle bachman are sane, and that mitt the twit cares about working people!',1
'What if there are still people inside the tunnels? Are they just supposed to take one for the team?',0
'April, yes, at one time, I did waitress so I know what they have to put up with at times.So I was ready to give the waitress a break, it was crowded, busy and she was overwhelmed. But there is no excuse for attitude. We were polite and never once confronted her with her out of line remark.  She came to take our orders with a bad attitude. We took our complaint to the manager in hopes he would talk to her before she really lost it and ended up losing her job. I did cut her a break, hence, the tip. But I lost all sympathy when she stole from me. We did not press charges. She is young and stupid. And FYI, I am not an over privileged bitch. I usually tip at 30% for great service. And when I take my family (there are 8 of us), my husband will leave a $60-$80 tip regardless of the amount of the tab.',1
'i have worked in union shops, lazyest people ive ever worked with. \r\nor tried to work with',1
'CENTS.  Fifty is more than one, necessitating the plural.  I shall now refer to him as Fifty Cents. \r\n  \r\n  \r\nYOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE, FIFTY CENTS.',1
'Dumba$$! That's why one of you gets the food and the other holds your spot! *facepalm*',1
'I did not watch the CMA garbage and do not listen to any country newer than 1995',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',1
'Hey @Popa G.....AKA Thumbs......well you better tell RT in Nashville to shave....Just a little bit.....  O and BTW any odor you have encountered was your breath blowing back in your face you closet case Freak......!',1
'Lance Armstrong... YOU WILL ALWAYS BE THE MAN!! \r\nYou won 7 tour de france in my book!',1
'More than half the time, I'll use cursive AND print, depending what sort of space I am given (I take less space in print, more on my right-leaning cursive). Just looking at some notes I wrote today, mindlessly at work, you could say there are 10 people writing, because I randomly switch styles depending how much time I have to write things down... I hope it's fake, though. I'd be a really ticked off server if that were not the case. That's a good $30 the waitress was shorted by!',1
'Mr. Jimenez , should never sue the church,y for many reasons one his believes in GOD  is very strong and it is not the church doings it is his faith for God  heals his wife illness but testing Jimenez faith in his believes,secondly sue the chruch will never brings his  leg back, he must be greatful and thankgod that he is alive ,if he looks around him and see what is happening in this world, that when mother nature is angry she takes every thing and if he wins he wont be happy neither so as Mr. Jimenenz calls him self a true christian he should look at him self and thank god that his have been cured and he still alive .',1
'If you can do it by all means go for it. \r\n  \r\nI hope you don't get into a situation where you lost your job and become the 47% that Romney will drive homeless if he's president.    \r\n  \r\nIf you're in a hole, he wants you to dig deeper instead of  assisting with a rope.',1
'Good Brownies, Dude!!!',1
'Still waiting for the Marshmallow shoes from the 70-s to make a come-back!',1
'You can't honestly believe that and if you do you are just making the biased data fit your presumptions. I would love to meet the scientist who can tell me what the average temperature was when the cave men were hunting and gathering. We did go through a period called the Ice age and if I remember things melted. Thank God Al Gore and his cronies were not around because I am sure there would have been mass hysteria.  Don't get me wrong...I completely agree that we need to limit the footprint we leave on the earth in order to live healthy and sustained lives, but I do not agree that biased and unqualified people like Al Gore should be spewing their rhetoric.',1
'put you in a over crowded cage and make you sleep in your own crap see how you like it.',1
'I totally hate this show',1
'That's a two way street, we are talking about politicians. Just because they are of different teams, they still pour out pretty much the same.',1
'Union leadership needs to stop playing nepotism and mobster-ish.  Now is the time for all Unions to find God in their hearts and save lives...............  ​ ..............irrega  ​ rdless of who is or is not a member, matters not.  Life matters.  People are suffering...........  ​ .............and a saved life is a life worth repenting and a warrior for God in the making.  Money in good circles breeds good things.  Money in bad circles breeds bad things.  Things are bad for our fellow Americans and now is the time to drop the semantics of good or bad and simply keep our eyes on the prize...............  ​ ..............saving  ​  lives.  This is the lesson George Bush missed..............  ​ .............this is the lesson $Rich$ Branson missed as he paid slave wages to Michael Jordan for an endorsement at the cost of others who slaved for Nike.  This is a time to give back and to earn the title Sir, right Paul Allen and NASA and USAF?',1
'Maybe...if I had hair.',1
'"Yes - I DID make that smell, but I'm the President so you can't say I dealt it. Nah!"',1
'You must live in an area that has a good consistent wind current to generate sufficient electricity to make it worthwhile.',1
'Say Hello to Father Pediphile for me...',1
'I was driving with my wfe and was pulled over for speeding once.  The officer asked if I was in a hurry.  I said, "No, we're just on our way home after furniture shopping all day."  He got a pained look, nodded, and told me to drive safely and let me go.  Try that one sometime.',0
'it doesn't matter if it matches. Please do not insult single mothers, If you do not like the service say so.. do not add single mother.',1
'290+ obama.  Virginia might turn.  Florida won't.  At this point, Obama can gain ground, but not really lose it. \r\n  \r\nSandy was the October surprise.  Nothing helps a sitting president like a disaster that unifies everyone.  As long as he did a halfway decent job it earns more to him.  Really.. he just didn't have to screw it up.  Chris Christie going on and on about how great he was to work with and how Obama was right there with him for anything he needed undoes a lot of the narrative the GOP had put together.  Especially coming from Christie.. someone moderates trust more than Romney.',1
'16 year old voters in this country would mean obama would win the y- generation means y-work y-not just trade my food stamps for drugs y-get an education y-get rid of a president that gives us everything for nothing',1
'You're absolutely right....it should never be based on how much you make, unless you want to included social security into the mix, since it is based on your 35 best income years. Getting more in SS later should actually allow you to save a smaller nest egg, if you're conentrating on getting debt free during your salary years.\r\nThey only assume that if you make more now, you will always tend to spend more...it makes more sense to save more and pay off debt.',1
'and P.S. where does all your hate and envy come from....didn't your Mom love you enough?',1
'WAIT A MINUTE. THEY MAKE A HELL OF A LOT OF MONEY DOING THE SHOW. I SURE AS HELL HOPE SHE PAID FOR THE DO'?  IF YOU WANT THAT MANY KIDS THEN PAY FOR THEM.',1
'We need more like them.',1
'What sort of creature is that?',1
'No way, ugly boots.  I always say, just because something is popular doesn't mean that it's good.',1
'got a skill.. go to work. Don't know how to work? Be a union shop boss.\r\nMoral? Go to work Ritchie 7556 you lazy POS',1
'How come we don't tip cops or teachers? It's their job! I don't feel sorry for the waiter nor the mom. It's all business.',1
'hid·e·ous/ˈhidēəs/        \r\n  Adjective:       \r\n    Ugly or disgusting to look at.  Extremely unpleasant. \r\nSynonyms- Ugly, Revolting, Repugnant, Repulsive, Unsightly, Gruesome, Dreadful',1
'Lazy, gold digger Lufti needs to crawl back in his devil hole.',1
'If that's the case, what's your excuse? \r\nSorry, that must be the tequila talking.',1
'Good for Blake and Miranda.  Finally they've been getting their turn in the spotlight.',1
'taylor swift has beautiful face.too skinny of a body and sorry but...horrible voice.she is like a wedding singer for teenagers.her songs bite.they are just little girl sing-a-longs.that's why she is making it big.i tell u what.grown up parents.stop letting u'r stupid children buy the dang cd's.maybe she would go into modeling and stop singing.lol.',1
'lol, yes they arent for eveybody but some of us actually like them, i never had a pair until my hubby bought me my first pair and i was hooked, i have 3 pair now, our 4 yr old has 2 pair and my hubby even has the house slippers. If you can afford them then go ahead, if you cant then you cant, no judgement. But dont punish those who can or take them from those that enjoy the boot..hideous or not!!',1
'Ditto!  Not only does Mitt change his mind every five minutes depending on which way the wind blows but he even lies about the fact that he changed his position, No question that President Obama is light years better than a Schizophrenic with Romnesia.  Joel Olsteen did not decide to run so my vote is for Obama!',1
'The article ends by saying "May stirrup pants and Crocs console them", implying that Crocs is also a fad that came and went.   \r\n In fact, Crocs has revitalized itself with new products and markets, their financials show that they have increased revenues by 50% since 2009 surpassing a billion dollars in sales in 2011.   \r\n Between that and the fact that stirrup pants exited pop culture in the 80s - the author of this article is 0 for 2 at finding a product line that came in and out of fashion in the last decade.',1
'Between the two only Romney thinks he will be a god when he dies and goes to KOLOB to get his own planet.',1
'Oh, no, oregon!  A good glass of whine never hurt anyone - hope you're feeling better today!  And had i seen you fall i would have waited until after assessing your health to laugh ;)',1
'I remember a push for this when I was a child in the late 70s or early 80s.  This was before we actually lost much of our manufacturing.  I guess that allure of cheap goods is the driver of it.  \r\n  \r\nI'm sorry, but I don't have a good answer.  I'm not sure how well tarrifs work, but I'm under the impression that they have a real downside.  I don't that the average American would be willing to pay more for Made in the US label.',1
'Both are the same. Many of these big city Northeastern folk are really showing their true colors.',0
'Just when you think he's not a moron anymore he proves you wrong! He's so fricken lost in the real world its pathetic! Like he's comparing Oceans Of Fun water park to the japanese tsunami.',0
'Bud-and Bud lite beers are no longer an american beer-label it as an import-as that's what it truly is anymore',1
'Grey, your science illiteracy and general intellectual incompetence do not refute the actual science of anthropogenic global warming.',1
'He's saying, "Go ahead and vote against me. ACORN will make sure fraud gets me reelected."',1
'Go to work and make a living wage, not the bloated **** 3 hour work day, full pension at 55 you parasites impose on the working class. You wouldn't last a day in China, pal. They have to actually go to work, you lazy POS',1
'Klaus-\r\nTechnically, we are star dust. Not an "Animated Earth".\r\n \r\nKneon_Knight-\r\nNo there are no SUV's on other planets. But you know what they do have? Volcanoes and other naturally occuring phenomena!!!! Which produce what????? Green house gases!! See, a little common sense goes A LONG WAY people!',1
'I would be pissed. So pissed, my bare hands would become WMD's. You can't just replace a pet. Pets are supposed to be loved, and you can't replace love. Matt, sue that place for every penny they have.',1
'Of course the Wages & benefits were upgraded because the company didn't want the Union to pass.  I'd be interested to know how long you'll be kept at this pay scale & when the company will, in turn, account your "benefits" as part of your salary to make you think you make more. . . .',1
'lol The dude had an unexpected shock to the system and they call him a jerk.\r\n\r\n\r\nWent through the same thing few months ago, as they say time heals everything.',1
'Work on reading comprehension.  The good news is the number of jobs created not the unemployment report.  One went up, and one went down.  They also said that the number of jobs created wasn't great.',1
'Touche, Soll! Friends of mine recently got engaged and I could not believe how much a ring costs. I know a different couple who got plain old, non-diamond rings, and they split the cost. Both couples are happy, so the ring doesn't have much to do with love, does it? :)\r\n\r\nI agree, it's nice knowing that you can support yourself no matter what happens. My parents raised me to never have to depend on anyone financially (even them), and going to college was part of that equation. Very thankful for them instilling that in me at an early age!',1
'NO.',1
'laurel how are you not paid by the Obama administration.  Someone would have to pay me to sound as stupid and kiss as much @ss as you do.',1
'"Because I'm wearing Presidential Pink!"',1
'meh... not doomed. Only the idiots that take them, but who cares... the intelligent ones will survive this.',1
'Amen, Granny!',1
'his face says it all.  "I can't believe I've been getting away with destroying this country for 4 years and the idiots still wanna give me 4 more."',1
'Too many stupid people in positions of authority...\r\nAnd I'm not sure about Australia, but most countries the people are supposed to have basic human rights... I think HUGGING would fall under a basic human right... \r\n\r\nWhat's coming from having morons in authority positions?\r\nNo one can drink water unless everyone drinks water simultaneously?\r\nNo one can bring lunch from home, at work or school, because not everyone has a "fair and equal" lunch...No looking at other people, because any look could be considered a threat, or a form of harassment?',1
'First of all if I were the dogs owner I would be hiring a lawyer. Secondly I would fire the idiot who authroized this paper work. Clearly to busy to read or focus on the job. There is really nothing to do about the pain the ownder feels. We hear too many of these kinds of stories. And, I don't think to err is human to forgive divine--we are not. we hurt and when carelessness hurts and the idea of replacing a beloved pet is like shoving in a widget-it hardly fills the bill. \r\n \r\nFrankly do not know that there is any way to make up for killing the family pet. The family will just have to go through the pain, open their hearts to another animal companion eventually but they can never forget what happened to their beloved Matt-can they. It will alway be with them no matter how much love the new pet gives them. Nothing can erase that. \r\n \r\nSome ritual might help, a tomb stone a place they can go and feel Matt-RIP--',1
'"Bring the the little one. He amuses me."',0
'I think this is the real Mitt Romney....Rich guy trying to fit in and talk to average poor people....It doesn't work....and I think he will have less sympathy for other races who are not rich...certain people are willing to put him in the white house...just so they dont have someone black running the country....',1
'SMUG. Pompous president.',1
'“We tried our plan…and it worked.” – Barack Obama\r\n\r\n- 43 straight months of unemployment over 8%.\r\n- Some say the rate is actually 16% including people leaving the job market\r\n- 23 million unemployed.\r\n- 22.7 million underemployed\r\n- Failed stimulus at $ 831 Billion\r\n- 46.7 million on food stamps 2012, 18 M in 2002\r\n- Median household income down $4,300.\r\n- Black teen unemployment rises to 37%.\r\n- 2 million more Hispanics living in poverty.\r\n- 5.4 million join disability rolls under Obama.\r\n- 3 in 10 young adults living with parents. \r\n- Bankruptcy filings have increased by 41%.\r\n- Foreclosures increased by 34% per year.\r\n- Price of gasoline has increased from $1.85 to $4-5/gal.\r\n- Americans living in poverty have increased by 17%.\r\n- Credit rating was down-graded – first time in American History\r\n- The debt king added 6 TRILLION to the deficit in just 4 years.\r\n- Unsustainable 16 TRILLION dollar debt overall and climbing.\r\n- 99-0: Senate votes down Obama’s budget unanimously — again; \r\n- CBO cost estimate for Obamacare is 2.6T$ in first ten years.\r\n- Obamacare is the single most event stifling the jobs recovery.\r\n- 3.8% Home Sales Tax hidden in Obamacare.\r\n- Hired 16,000 IRS agents to police Obamacare.\r\n- Fast and Furious "executive privilege" fall out.\r\n- Arab Spring becomes Obama's apologetic Winter.\r\n- Invested 90 Billion $ in Green Energy, but most Companies failed.\r\n- Chevy Volt becomes Solyndra on wheels.\r\n- Health insurance premiums climb $3065 under Obama\r\n- GDP growth revised down to 1.3%\r\n- Have not passed a Federal budget in 3.5 years.\r\n- Illegally waived work requirements on Welfare Act\r\n- Executive orders in 3.5 years 923, Clinton 15 in 8 years\r\n- 33 czars not confirmed by Congress.\r\n- Administration officials mislead public on 9/11 Libya embassy murders.\r\n- "I actually believe in redistribution, at least at a certain level to make sure that everybody's got a shot."',0
'By quitting and moving to Iran.',1
'There is a difference between Ugg boots and Ugg Australia boots.  Ugg Australia, is made in CHINA!!  Look at the lable.  Genuine Ugg boots are made in Australia.  Everything made in Australia is very expensive.  I know because my family and I went there a year ago.  The main reason Ugg boots are not selling well is because other shoe companies have copied their style and are selling them for less than half of the cost!  There is NO way I would pay over a hundred dollars for some boots claiming to be Australian, that are made in China.  Another major difference is REAL Ugg boots have Australian sheeps wool lining on the inside, NOT the cheap cotton blend that is in the made in China Ugg Australia boots.  A genuin pair will cost you around $150, Australian, wich is about $160-170 American.  Just an FYI, so next time you look at getting a pair of Ugg boots, know what you are REALY getting!',1
'I was soooo disappointed in the music..  I like Miranda Lambert, but the song she sang last night was NOT country, along with most of the other music lately, no wonder I listen to country legends and oldies stations.  I am not in to hard rock or  a lot of pop... I really like to understand what I listen to or at least hear the words.   Give me George Strait and Reba.. and Willie any day.  I listen to my cd's and mp3 player more and more.',1
'800 losers.',1
'No - Sorry but Ecstasy has never rendered anyone unconscious.  Just doesn't happen!',1
'"As we waited for clarification, we became aware that Seaside Heights received the assistance they needed from other sources," the statement says. "To be clear, at no time were our crews 'turned away' from the utility in Seaside Heights."\r\n \r\n This is what the company said for those of  you whom it would take 1/2 hour to read a page.',1
'Kymm is a media whore.\r\n \r\n-trump',1
'My Ugg boots rock! I can just pull on some jeans and grab my Uggs and a cute blouse, and I always look great.',1
'No. What an effing idiot. Is life so bad that people have to screw it up with drugs and alcohol?',1
'I thought it's cocaine that is his drug of choice.',1
'naturally stupid  always talks  about waste in military    she would be the first one squealing when we get hit    typical dim lib',1
'Ick.',1
'why not?',1
'he's a scumbag.',1
'I'd like to think that God had a hand in this....I call it "divine intervention" for the stupid.',0
'Well of course the ending will be a bit different then the book. For those who have not read it in a while or at all, in the book, it was a long stand off. That would not come across the screen very well, so as it has shown in the previews already, it appears there will be a battle/action scene that was not in the book. I am very excited to see the final installment, as I fell in love with reading again because of Stephenie Meyers' books, (although I have moved on to more age appropriate books).',0
'becuase Africa has the largest and best supplies of cocoa and it's not like the Philippines and South America are any better. \r\n \r\nThis article is nothing more than rumormongering of the lowest sort. You don't see Nestle under the same attacks.',1
'postpone it til next month, or later. if even One storm victim gets booted out of a hotel for the sake of a marathoner, i hope that hotel owner/mgr ends up down, out and homeless themselves. hell, the marathon athletes themselves should be speaking out and demanding a rescheduling of the event til after the storm recovery.',1
'Right after u realize that u're still alive. It's call power of will.',1
'Clearly, the idea that Hitler was a Rightist is probably the most successful BIG LIE of the 20th Century. He was to the Right of the Communists but that is all. Nazism was nothing more nor less than a racist form of Leftism (rather extreme Leftism at that) and to label it as "Rightist" or anything else is to deny reality. \r\n\r\n The word "Nazi" is a German abbreviation of the name of Hitler's political party -- the Nazionalsozialistisc  ​ he Deutsche Arbeiter Partei. In English this translates to "The National Socialist German Worker's Party". So Hitler was a socialist and a champion of the workers -- or at least he identified himself as such and campaigned as such. \r\n\r\n There is a great deal of further reading available that extends the points made here about the nature of Nazism and Fascism. There is, for instance, an interesting review by Prof. Antony Flew of The Lost Literature of Socialism by historian George Watson. Excerpt: \r\n\r\n\r\nMany of his findings are astonishing. Perhaps for readers today the most astonishing of all is that "In the European century that began in the 1840s, from Engels' article of 1849 down to the death of Hitler, everyone who advocated genocide called himself a socialist and no conservative, liberal, anarchist or independent did anything of the kind." (The term "genocide" in Watson's usage is not confined to the extermination only of races or of ethnic groups, but embraces also the liquidation of such other complete human categories as "enemies of the people" and "the Kulaks as a class.")',0
'It always has to come back to him in some way. Always ME and I  !!!!!!    Our next president - God No !',1
'obama is responsible for my moma and my daddie leaving me on the side of the road twenty years ago, in a country voice lol lol lol lol lol lol',1
'Hainan: \r\nYou must be talking about Madonna knowing Hussein.  Or are you talking about you knowing Hussein?  Keep drinking the koolaid.',1
'If you want to see a "Super Storm"  be in India during the Typooh season......to quote a very wise man...." you aint seen nothin yet...."',1
'I figure that a person already know  they are going to vote for,before they go to the polls! This would not sway me,one way or the other,but rules are in place. I know that the signs are supposed to be off the lawns also,but I find alot of signs still up on election day!  If the rules are in place,they need to be enforced for everyone,and every place.',1
'Negroooo, Puleeeeze!',1
'I don't know who to believe, but he looks like he needs all the help he can get picking up a woman.',1
'who cares anyway',1
'Get 'em, Tony.',1
'The White man has it hard becuase your ancestors worked very hard to make sure that people of color felt left out of the loop. Now the world is globalizing and revealed to us that the Majority of the planets inhabitants are not white and as Equality and Education take precedence in the work place and not the color of your skin you find that many jobs will have a multitude of creeds and ethnicities entering the work place. The reason for this is the bottom line MONEY. Why hire a man/woman (white, black or other) for 10/hr who can only speak 1 language when i can hire a man/woman who may be able to speak 2 or 3 for that same amount of money, and because she/he  can speak to other people it opens a whole entire new market of people for me to sell to at the same price.\r\n \r\nSo why should any employer take a hit so that YOU. the under-educated canidate can make a few more dollars..... \r\n \r\nThats sounds like enquality to me....\r\n \r\nAnd also mister it's "MY COUNTRY". \r\n \r\nThis land is not your country, The Europeans who INVADED this land never once offered to learn the language of the Indigenous population Before rounding them up and putting them in Concentration Camps oops Im meant Reservations (where they live to this day in some of the worst poverty known today in the United States where they to this day Sleep on dirtwood floors, Where the land they were given was considerd un-livable,farmable and not able to be irragated basically unfit for human life. where they dont recieve federal and state aid like welfare, where the job market is non exsistent.). They did not learn spanish or french before making the Lousana Purchase. They did not learn Inuit before buying alaska from the russian's. They didn't Learn Samoan before Stealing those islands from the Nation of Samoa. The Dutch didn't learn African before Stealing South African land..... \r\n \r\nNo sorry it's The Native American and the Inuit Eskimos who have it the hardest.',1
'Police officers and firemen are unionized so your telling me they are lazy?',1
'I don't leave tips either.  they can go get a better job.   and before you people wine that they only make 2 something an hour, you should read up on minimum wage laws',1
'The conservtive media are nothing but story making liers. They do it all the time and in this case with the worst intent.',1
'no,just tone it down....everything has to have some kind of guidelines. and this is getting blown out of proportion....rough trained men have a good snow ball fight....a few wounds are to be expected. My big bro is n the air force my son is a marine and my uncle is retired army.....carry on with tradition.',1
'DEMOC "RATS"\r\nOr Demonic rats.',0
'My bet is that the people facing storm losses wish they only had a football field to clean up.  This man is a jerk and I cannot imagine the trouble we will be in if he should be elected President.',1
'Wait, wait. What? You mean you painfully grow these things... just for them to fall out, and then have a midget woman steal them from you in the night? \r\n  \r\n.......I don't give a damn about the dollar!!',1
'"You feel me, bruh....I got all these people fooled. Dance, puppets, dance!"  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nNotice the lady in red....this is her caption..."That fool said WHAT?!?! Oh NO HE DIDN'T!!"',1
'You losers.  Unions are the only reason your scab wages are as high as they are.  Do you think Mitt will keep paying you the same without collective bargaining.  Go to China and work for free.',1
'Ignore all the bone heads who can't take a joke.  I thought it was hilarious.',1
'What's next? The micro-mini. I should trademark that. It will be out in a month.',1
'for anyone to sit here and she she is jealous,  you ruthless , cold-hearted, insensitivity so-called human!!!!!',1
'If you think it's bad now, it's a nightmare to imagine if Romney  was in the office 4 yrs ago. \r\n\r\nNow cross your fingers and pray hard about the future if by some miracle Romey wins.\r\n\r\nThe 47% will be homeless and the middle class will become < then 47%. Brace for another war.',1
'you're still funny at being the poor little immigrant,\r\n \r\nit's really easy to be arrogant when you have everything in your favor.',1
'These memes bring the best out of everybody hahahahaha',1
'what arrogance by the unions.  no wonder they are screwed up and get bad press.  people are sick, no power, no water and they have to suffer because they don't have a card that says they belong to a union.  what bs!',1
'Michelle and Sarah and Bristol are all Pigs',1
'ive had mt uggs since 2005 an love themm i even wear them sometimes in the summer. i have been thinking about getting another pair but did notice price is a liitle high now',1
'well obama or what ever you like to call him doesnt want to cut the military that was a deal dont by the republicans and democrats if a deal could not be reached it would be across the board cuts  on everything. as for  cutting military waist as I am sure you are ware there is alot of I think anyone would be for. Mr Romney did go to paris to preach and give out the mormon wrtings and would never have gone into any military but I dont believe he was a draft dodger',1
'Leave Armstrong alone.  Time everyone is finished with him,  he'll be homeless on the streets.',1
'One more Judge helping to trample all over Americans constitutional  rights and also breaking the law to suit their own needs......... Our Fore Fathers must be turning in their graves right now',0
'that is totally correct and truthful the right to travel is  a right not a privilege like this NWO government want's to control you and charge you and restrict you to persue your happiness.',1
'what ****',1
'I love learning new words. Today's B&N column gives me "pellucid."',1
'Because they haven't dug a hole there yet...duh!',1
'Hey kick, go back to your pop/rock. Real country fans think this new stuff stinks.',1
'"I give their tax money to my friends by the millions and the morons want me to keep doing it!"',1
'I support anyone or anything that get another person in office of POTUS other that the present, he is a  failure!',1
'the comment was not about Obummer, it was about the member of the New Black Panther Party standing by the door of a polling place threatening voters who might vote the wrong way.  The justice department will not do anything about it because he was supporting Obummer and was black, the state did not do anything because he was supporting Obummer. So this lady is hassled because she wore a shirt. which nobody would notice if the poll watcher was not a Obummer fan.',1
'If you penetrate all the way through the shell to the meat, yeah that hurts. Otherwise the practice is not painful, idiot.\r\n \r\nI have a feeling that you have 'rescued' a lot of people or animals that didn't need it. Just because YOU are offended does not mean you are right...',1
'That blood sucking mooch needs to crawl back under his rock.',1
'Didn't even bother. That's not country music. There are some good songs and artist there, but they are pop or pop/rock. Why they classify that as country I will never know. Not bad music...its just NOT country!',1
'This is your brain on drugs.  I have my excuse, what was your excuse for voting for me and how many will do it again.',1
'Did you try the source article?',1
'No. I'm not undecided.  It took me 5 seconds to make up my mind:  Romney will get us out of this prolonged mess.',1
'Forget playing dead, go get me a beer.',1
'Mean_Gene_The fact that you can't properly construct a sentence says it all!',1
'they get minimum wage',1
'jayb, I buy insurance now, and I am 65. What's your point?',1
'Finally. The Mexicans try to make money the legal way.',1
'Romnesia!!!',1
'Yes, my mother is still alive.  She loves her grand-kittens.',1
'oldfart282: You sound like Obama with his teleprompter. LOL! GO ROMNEY!!!',1
'Hell no!  His comparison is like comparing the wind from a hurricane to  the air from a fan.  Not even close.  I don't think this guy has ever cleaned anything other than the football field ever in his life.',1
'the humane society or any animal shelter is the WORST place to take ur pet, seems like every month some shelter has "accidentally" killed another loved pet, all the people who work at these shelters are nothing but sadists and want to murder all of our beloved pets!!!',1
'I hope they defined the words "puppy mill" properly in their little ban and not have some fancy lawyer rip this socialistic law to shreds...',1
'It’s about minimizing damage, not eliminating it.',1
'Watch this video this kitten deserves the title of cutest kitten \r\n\r\n\r\nwww.youtube.com/watc  ​ h?v=HECa3bAFAYk',1
'worst disaster?  Um.......9/11?',1
'Boo hoo - my $100,000 car caught fire.',1
'He was born with strikes against him, his mom was raped, she decided to carry the child instead of abort him, and shazam, we have Kobe. That's a lot for a person to deal with, he's going to get emotional about things.',0
'Is this what things have come to? People bickering over something as trivial as this. C'mon folks get a f'n life! Maybe the internet isn't such a good thing when a restaurant receipt becomes a news item.',1
'or "Honey badgerbama don't give a sh*t"',1
'Look out, your ignorance is showing.',1
'SUNDAY  PRE-SCHOOL ????????? \r\n I THOUGHT YOU ARE AN ATHIEST  LOL',0
'Be honest you bought UGG boots because that was the  in look at the time.   I bet you were the same ones that bought  Moon boots when they came out.  Let's just face facts your a mindless bunch who can't think for themselves.  Everybody is buying them so I'll buy them.  I don't like the way they look  but everyone else seems to think they look good  so I'll like them too.  You are the people that companies target when they come out with stuff like this.  You better hurry and buy you Brooklyn Lantern before they are sold out  LOL.',1
'El telifono',1
'living on welfare is one thing that allows a person to be spontaneous and fun loving,\r\nsomething the working class white people don't get very often.\r\n \r\ni don't care about the race of a person who gets assistance,\r\ni just think too many get it because of the odd number of pimples on their butts,\r\nnot because they deserve what they scream for.',1
'I'm done for tonight... can't go at it like I used too... gots ta get my beauty rest for TOMORROW.... Heh, Heh, heh...',1
'No!  They are sooooo ugly.  Never understood the appeal of wearing something ugly because everyone else is...how do they get people to pay that much to wear something ugly?  People are strange!',1
'Sure thing pal.',1
'These cars are embarrassing.  Kia? Really?  Hyundia?  These are for Asians..  Who cares?',1
'Thats what all those sirens were last night,,,,,alcohol + inexperience + bikes = death 95% of the time\r\nNever heard of the band,,but im sure the silence part is ringing true right about now...',0
'HI TIDALWAVE!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'"Really? A net increase of 1,000 jobs is an improvement?" \r\n  \r\nReally! \r\n  \r\n\r\n  \r\nMeaning: \r\nA change for the better; progress in development',1
'Don't miss the Million Muppet March this Sunday to protest lyin Willardo, the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evading draft dodger's plan to defund PBS to help pay for tax cuts for his corporate criminal masters.\r\nHe wants to send Big Bird to the food bank.',1
'he had a big package, guess you miss that... the metro sexual is not that much fun, nor much of a protector...  Where have all the real men gone..',1
'Yeah you're right, forgot about that. I personally believe hybrids to be a good idea, just not this one. Apparently, it needs much more development.',1
'Don't just believe everything you read either',1
'dic122, you are asleep at the dumb and dumber switch and it doesn't matter which way you put it.',0
'Who cares?',1
'benghazi \r\n  \r\nmsnbc trying to put out a story of timeline on beghazi........GEE HAVE THEY ALL COME TO A TIMELINE THEY CAN LIE ABOUT.......SOME MUCH INFO MISSING IT'S PATHETIC! \r\n  \r\nARE THEY THAT EFFING RETARDED OR DO THE WRITERS/ EDITOR BELIEVE THE READERS ARE THAT EFFING RETARDED???',0
'owe mie gaaaahd.... is it o.k. ???? this becoming like the springer.....',1
'Nobody mentions the fact that the car was spotless after the incident. \r\n Seriously, a huge error of judgement on the part of the officer. ALL weapons are to be considered loaded - Gun or Taser or pepper spray or ....',1
'An observation:\r\n \r\nRich people usually marry other rich people because they don't want anybody to marry them for their money.\r\n \r\nUh, excuse me. Isn't that exactly what happened? A rich person married another rich person.....for their money.\r\n \r\nI guess as long as a rich person isn't marrying a poor person, it's ok to marry for money.',1
'well stated.',1
'More education doesn't necessarily make one smarter.  In many cases it just makes you more arrogant.',1
'this is just some of the ending results we are getting from chemtrails..........  ​ ..',1
'♫♫ Turtle Soup Is M-m Gooood! ♫♫',1
'I need me a sugar mama!',1
'I FLIPPED OVER TO MSNBC AND THE RACIST(AFRICAN AMERICAN/ WHITE LIBERALS)STILL BABBLING ON WHAT HAPPENED OVER 150 YEARS AGO AS IF IT WAS THEM BEING SLAVES OR SLAVE MASTERS SO THEY CONTINUE TO BASH WHITEY WHO THEMSELVES HAD NO DOING WHAT SO EVER ABOUT SLAVERY OR RACISM..........BUT IT'S OKAY; AS ANYONE WITHOUT AN EDUMACITION CAN THROW THEIR ARMS UP IN THE AIR AND SCREAM....OH"bummer.  ​ .....AS IF THEY ONE THE WAR ON SLAVERY.........! \r\n  \r\nTHE EDUMACATED ALSO BELIEVE THEY NOW OWN WHITEY BY REDISTRIBUTION RIGHT'S SIGNED THRU EXECUTIVE ORDER!',1
'Khloe is the only kardashian i like.  good for her.  The more she does on her own and not with the family, the better off she will be.',1
'NOOO!! They are  Sooo commfy!! They make me feel secure!!! wear them year round!!! Is it because there're not sexy as Thigh High boots?? That's so wrong!!',0
'Not really, men still tend to look in the eyes first before lowering.',1
'You must be a member of the highly secretive MSN insider cartel, I guess. You're probably better just keeping them to yourself : )',1
'I don't give a rat's a$$ about her look ! !   She is a disgrace to humanity for squeezing 19 brats out her vagina. I have two words for you bitch, FRESH WATER, not to mention all the unnecessary garbage all those goddamn kids will produce in their life times. Ever hear of population control and respect for the planet and your fellow human beings, apparently not, you're much to selfish and stupid ! ! ! You and the Octocu*t should should get your tubes tied ! ! ! !',0
'Nancy Pelosi will die of botox poisoning long befor 2016, and nobody but you will care.',1
'" $hit happens folks and personally I don't care."',0
'Can the cat stand up?',1
'This literally made me burst out laughing hahaha!',1
'Ugg boots are way expensive,and the world economy is bad-that's why people ain't buyin'.. \r\n The $20 dollar copys aren't made out of real sheep skin that's why they cost only $20,because fabric or suade is cheaper,but still keeps yoour feets hott!',1
'Does anyone not believe we are in the end times?  Has anyone seen the movie Obama 2016?  Would you rather have a muslim or a christian in the white house?  Obama doesn't want to be president he wants to take over. He hates christians!  Open your eyes because it has been said that if Obama wins it could be the last election the  U.S. ever has.  Do the research.  Our country is at stake.  Wake up!',1
'Sometimes, sorry just isn't good enough. With as many times as this type of thing has happened recently, it seems to me like there are just a lot of people working in shelters that really don't care much about the animals - or the people that love them.',1
'when I was a kid, there was a house that gave out little one pint cartons of milk every year, and if you were lucky, you got a chocolate milk....',1
'I was stationed at Kirtland Air Force Base for 2 years before heading to Germany',0
'He doesn't even honor his oath of office to uphold the laws of the US.  Only those he thinks are good. A real f'n commie.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'@Silverbeatle - you just displayed your supreme ignorance of the subject. \r\n Restaurant workers are paid BELOW the regular minimum wage that applies to everyone else, and are expected to make up that hourly rate via tips. \r\n Trash guys - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour. Teachers - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour.\r\n Mechanics - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour.\r\n \r\n Restaurant workers - the federal tipped minimum wage is $2.13 per hour.',1
'I was and still am a classic rock lover and have only started lovin country since the last three years BECAUSE it is less like the old country music and more like rock and they are easy on the eyes unlike the classic rock musicians who are starting to look like fossils!',1
'God first, your spouse second. Willingness to accept blame even if you don't think it's your fault, not being prideful, spiteful, or belittling, and definitely a lot of compromise. 22 + years.',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! They met via Bing [ seek add riders] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out. ',0
'WTF are you talking about!!!!!!',1
'we need to get the zombies a little help  \r\ndial a prayer/ zombie hot line  \r\nzombie walk 4 the cure  \r\nzombie awareness month \r\nbright red  ribbons    \r\nzombie shelter \r\nzombie wing at the med center',1
'I never use the window information because anybody with the smallest brain knows that these are contrived numbers.',1
'Hoof harted???',1
'Leroy....topic is BEER...not FEAR!',1
'CK.....you are too funny, but he is too sick.....do you think that I made it crystal clear to leave me alone?  I do, but clearly he thought I was playing....I guess he will truly see that I am not :(((',1
'Who better think about it again?  YOU!  Bud and EVERY true AB beer is EVERY bit as AMERICAN MADE as contract brewed Sam...',1
'EVERYTIME I see this person, I throw up a little. I thought the Wax Museum had made a mold of her and it had started to melt but then I realized it was really her. There are some people that you would rather see than hear but Nicki is neither. She is spookie.',1
'Cee Lo has never done anything illegal, until the this woman accused him of supposedly raping her. I don't know where she was in the 7th and 8th grade, where you had to learn about drugs. Innocent until proven guilty.',1
'"Virignia" ? Get yourselves together, MSN.',1
'Then bring down the prices!!!',1
'Really? Wow so glad the media cleared that one up for me. Guess I should vote for Obama now that I know the media is and has been non biased and treated both of them the same....UGH!!!!',1
'?',1
'EMPTY  \r\n I WILL ANSWER YOU THE WAY YOU ANSWER ME \r\n                            DO YOUR OWN HOMEWORK \r\n  HERITAGE HAS AN EXCELLENT ARTICLE ALONG WITH A B C       LOL',0
'I don't get stopped often, but when I do I have always been excused by the officer with a warning.  I am always respectful, and yes I know within good reason about how fast I was going.  \r\n  \r\nI was stopped by a state trooper on my way to Vegas, clocked at 91.  I pulled over before the trooper even began rolling away from the median, and was let go with a warning with the implicit understanding that I would patronize some local businesses. haha. \r\n  \r\nIn short, be respectful.  The police have a tough job.  A little common courtsey goes a long way, especially if you have kids in the car - it teaches them to be respectful people, too.  If you get ticketed, you probably deserve it.  If you don't deserve the ticket and the officer is wrong, take it to court.',1
'Michael Jackson reincarnated. The work of many plastic surgeons, and there will be much more many more cuts in the future. I wish this tramp would just go away. No talent, just a fat **** nothing.',1
'I have no idea what I'd do without my Ugg boots!!!  It's like wearing big comfy socks from November until February.  In beach communities Ugg boots are the equivalent of the Little Black Dress -- you simply MUST have them!!!  I'd better run out and buy 3 or 4 pair.  And NOT those hideous silver things you chose to put in the picture.',1
'Wow you people on the right are so smart...I wish I could be as bright as all of you combined....oh wait....that would still leave me with 1/2 a brain!',1
'@ Monkey... that was me yes!! Animal abuse brings out the worst in me..',1
'10 days notice to fill up supplies... hmmm.  Odds are the smart one's won't get shot in this mess.  Stupid hurts!',1
'Pacific Ocean Cooling Atlantic Warming \r\n  \r\nNatural Cycles Reoccurring \r\n\r\n \r\nwww.pnas.org/content  ​ /101/12/4136.abstrac  ​ t    *U.S. Geological Survey, Denver Federal Center, MS 412, Denver, CO 80225; ‡Midwestern Regional Climate Center, Illinois State Water Survey, 2204 Griffith Drive, Champaign, IL 61820; and §U.S. Geological Survey, Desert Laboratory, 1675 West Anklam Road, Tucson, AZ 85745    \r\nEdited by Inez Y. Fung, University of California, Berkeley, CA, and approved January 12, 2004 \r\n\r\n \r\nMore than half (52%) of the spatial and temporal variance in multidecadal drought frequency over the conterminous United States is attributable to the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) and the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO). An additional 22% of the variance in drought frequency is related to a complex spatial pattern of positive and negative trends in drought occurrence possibly related to increasing Northern Hemisphere temperatures or some other unidirectional climate trend. Recent droughts with broad impacts over the conterminous U.S. (1996, 1999–2002) were associated with North Atlantic warming (positive AMO) and northeastern and tropical Pacific cooling (negative PDO). Much of the long-term predictability of drought frequency may reside in the multidecadal behavior of the North Atlantic Ocean. Should the current positive AMO (warm North Atlantic) conditions persist into the upcoming decade, we suggest two possible drought scenarios that resemble the continental-scale patterns of the 1930s (positive PDO) and 1950s (negative PDO) drought.  \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nwww.stopglobalcoolin  ​ gnow dotcom January 10, 2010 \r\n\r\n \r\nAn excellent analysis article details the natural cycles of both the Atlantic and Pacific Multi-Decadal Oscillations.  The article points to research being done that shows when the ocean currents are in warm phase, the Earth experiences warming.  When they are in cold phase, well, you get the idea. While the rise in CO2 levels may play a part in rising temperatures, it’s a very small part.  Mostly the climate is driven by natural forces. They say the ocean currents could be as much as 50% responsible. \r\nAccording to the US National Snow and Ice Data Centre in Colorado, Arctic summer sea ice has increased by 409,000 square miles, or 26 per cent, since 2007 – and even the most committed global warming activists do not dispute this. \r\nFor example, in 1974, a Time magazine cover story predicted ‘Another Ice Age’, saying: ‘Man may be somewhat responsible – as a result of farming and fuel burning [which is] blocking more and more sunlight from reaching and heating the Earth.’ \r\nCap & Trade and global climate treaties to stop global warming are the wrong approach.  They will cripple already ailing economies and do nothing but redistribute wealth and give power to bureaucrats at the U.N.  It’s hard to know someone’s motives, but it does fit that perhaps that is the real aim.  Not to “save the planet,” (such a lofty sounding goal) but rather to manufacture an issue and use it as a power grab.  Thankfully all of this cold weather is giving a lot of people pause and may help thwart those evil plans.  That is why I am all for global cooling!',0
'I also have a 2012 Sonata (Limited).  On our trip to CA (1100 freeway miles) we averaged about 43 MPG.  I had a Mazda 3 prior and this car is amazing!! Happy we did our research before buying.  I plan to enjoy many years behind the wheel of my Hyundai.',1
'Check out Khan Academy.  Google it.',1
'So does elmo..',1
'My God....How old ex-Governor Thompson, 90 ??\r\n \r\nDon't these friggin people ever get out of Politics and retire...?',1
'"who don't one get no benefits"\r\n \r\nYikes!',1
'Well, thanks for overlooking the small cadre of deadheads accomplishing absolutely NOTHING in CON-gress and getting paid lots of money to do it.  Good to know one guy has all that power to move mountains.',1
'and.. my children are VERY well off, THANKS',1
'Or a well conceived plan.',1
'What about Mississippi 1965-69  When you live by water you have to realize these things happen\r\nIts all a big cycle. In the Midwest you get the floods every 10-15 years. West Coast quakes-\r\nRead the Almanac Hell most people don't even know what that is. Global warming is a joke.',0
'I told DirecTV if they didn't have a deal and show the games by (last) Wednesday, I was switching to AT&T Uverse, which has a deal in place.  I'm going in tomorrow to make good on my threat..  DirecTV just lost my business.  I hope thousands others follow suit.',1
'So sick of these people.  Please go away.',1
'What are the 3 most important things to existance? Food, clothing, & shelter. Hasn't changed in 3 plus million years of existance. Throw in sex for propagation of the species. Everything else is a luxury. Prove me wrong. We've managed to build a society based upon human fears.',1
'hugg related injuries thats the funniest thing i ever heard!',1
'UGGS are no longer made in Australia.  They have gone to the Chinese - one more reason not to buy them.',1
'Potatoes and dill pickles? I'd be down with that!',1
'I think you're all bunch of blithering idiots.',1
'I don't know, but BK's ice cream is bad a$$!',1
'I'M A DIABETIC DAM IT MAKE SUGAR FREE CANDY CHEAPER',1
'"Yes Dear"',1
'If that were my kid, I'd be in jail for murder about now.',1
'there low life',1
'Unhappy-rabbit, you need to up your meds and lay off the politics. Shouldn't you be busy Occupying your parents basement?',0
'They don't call them 'Jarheads' for nothing.  They earned it!  GO ARMY!',1
'Are you doing alright so far?',0
'Even at the crucifixion. What a great shot that would be.',1
'Being financially responsible, should be paramount in any relationship. Sex, don't pay the bills. Creditors could care less, how your world is rocked.',1
'Hi Cougar Babe.  It looks like I can get away for a while.  I just need you to open the door.  Come on! You know I can't reach it.  Thanks! I have always said girls over 4 are the best.',0
'I am the smartest man alive!',1
'You've won the lottery now... lucky you have my attention... Looking very sexy my friend!',1
'iDiots',1
'Impervious to what Randall rattles about...We had roughly a 0.03-0.04 % gain monetarily today..\r\nOr an overall gain in 4 portfolios...\r\nStrangely the "average gain" in the Indices(markets) was slightly over 1.0 %..\r\nBut we had some issues that "profits were taken" in and a couple others with less then desirable numbers...Dropping us a little compared with other equities that were rising.\r\n \r\nWith large gains yesterday on some positions, I almost expected profit taking today...But all trends are still intact...Exception one that is perplexing and is dropping 2.5% or more after hours tonight or did.  We are still holding that bag, and I have a bone to pick with Crazy over it...CHK...Crazy ?\r\nI am getting discouraged.\r\nRattlin' Randall.....I like that.',1
'American Idol producers, you better get rid of this 'thing' or no one will watch your show this year!  You are taking a terrible chance with her as a judge!  I am not watching this year!',1
'Unless he manages to send the elections department staff of 51 percent of all the counties over to work in China...Hey dont laugh....It could happen.',1
'whoooooooooooooooooo  ​ oooot whoooooooooooooooooo  ​ oot',1
'On a road trip to San diego, my gf and I decided to trade off driving for each full tank.  The drive was about 900 miles so it took atleast 2 full tanks.\r\n \r\nSuffice it to say, she averaged ~450 miles on a tank while I was only getting 400-410.  Driving habits are critical variables and so is the need for speed!',1
'Why would he worry when his "cheating" voting machines are voting for him regardless?  What a piece of crap he is........ \r\n  \r\nLaurel - let us know how you like those Hussein work camps!',1
'i got a white boy penis joe',1
'Life is so lonely .I am an interracial  and single woman at present .I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on~~~ mixedcenter.c⊙m ~~~under the name of Angle345 … a best place for interracial and friends to get to know each other, establish relationship and talk about their interests, or to help each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for.',0
'Well folks ,keep cool and don't get frustrated, and let him cleanup that football field and leave him there,we know by now that he changed his mind on subjects to many times just to make himself look better, that did not work out for him,right now his own party people leave him behind on that football field so here you have it.',1
'This is actually less tasteless than all of the price gouging going on...',1
'Tulane law school gets a grant from the Department of Labor? Is this the same Department of Labor who is saying that the children in family farms shouldn't be working on the farm?',1
'If she can afford to go out and eat and pay $140 at one restaurant visit then she can very well afford the tip. \r\n On another note. A $28 tip is rather high, even a $14 tip, however at least leave something. \r\n Maybe it was Octomom. Would anyone be surprised if it was?',1
'Yes I agree fully. She just talks nonsense.',0
'How does my opinion on a subject make me a troll.  I've seen the results of an unprovoked attack on a child.  It's not pretty nor is it something I would want to be responsible for if I could simply put down an aggressive dog.',1
'I hope the marathoner's carry their guns, people are getting attacked and robbed right and left.',1
'Outstanding solution, but remember to be in that line to begin with you might have a screw loose.',1
'Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!! \r\nCompromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  Compromise!!!  \r\nBut I am 56 years old and have never been married.  I commend anyone that can be married and stay married.  There is a fine art to a successful marriage and most people can not pull it off.',1
'" I see stupid people; they're everywhere...And they don't even know they're stupid... ;)',1
'No, it's not smart to do drugs',1
'Watch 10 minutes of CNN and you can tell that this article is full of sh*t!',1
'I'm still Floundering LMAO.',1
'Then your lazy azz should cook at home.',1
'Could it be that one reason that President Obama is referred to as a foreign, liberal, communistic, Muslim who's only goal is to ruin America is that his pastor for twenty years said" no, not God Bless America but G-- Damn America" , and most of his friends fit the description  above?',1
'That's not from milk...',0
'I'm not going to lie, these things are totally UGG-ly, but insanely warm and comfortable. I finally broke down last year and bought my first pair...I do feel ridiculous in them, BUT my comfort level outranks my embarrassment level ha!  If they dropped the price on these bad boys they'd probably have a lot more walking around the streets...making the world a little UGG-lier ;)',1
'Unfortunately, there is probably a lawyer out there already filing papers on Mr. Lee's behalf for his "pain and suffering."\r\n \r\nSeriously, I work with someone who many years ago had an intruder in her house. Her German sheperd took him down and did some serious damage to his face. She got sued for "pain and suffering", as well as the cost of medical bils. She can no longer get home owner's insurance.',1
'ooooooh son your one pound off.',1
'I thought it sucked.',1
'You've got it right, polymath.  People don't seem to understand the basics, such as:  Nobody owes you or will give you anything, and you don't deserve what you don't earn.  Don't buy what you can't afford.  Pay off your house.  Avoid debt like the plague.  Drive your car until it drops.  Don't eat out.  Put aside money while you are working.  Live on less than you make.  Learn the difference between wants and needs.  Never, ever try to keep up with the Joneses.  Live where the cost of living is reasonable, even if you have to move.  Teach your kids these basic principles.  Pretty simple, really.',1
'Why does any non-Muslim care if someone makes fun of terrorists?  I think Chris Brown is an @sshole and his costume is not original but who the f*ck cares?  Why defend barbarian Islamists and their moronic fashion sense by protesting Chris Brown?\r\n\r\nIn short, I despise Chris Brown but I hate Islamists a hell of a lot more.',1
'IPhone what??? Samsung is now King of the cell phone mountain! The only people that still crave an iPhone are very out of touch on real technology. The "ALL NEW iPHONE 5" is touting technoly that has been available on android powered Samsungs for a couple years LOL.',1
'There is some demonic influence at work here....',1
'obama is done...many people are tired of him and want a change!',0
'Not knowing the exact circumstances, I don't know if he was right to sue or not.',1
'You are a stupid s h i tt . B   j  Billy is responsible for the WTC bombing. Just told you what he was doing when he should have been killing bin.',1
'Don't let a false story get in the way of an opportunity to hate.  Unions are the reason we have our labor benefits today.  Companies like Bain Capital and WalMart are the reason jobs are being shipped overseas.  If you've ever worked for an overbearing or corrupt employer or worked in a state like Texas that is hostile to the labor force, you'll appreciate unions.  If not, then just go back to letting Limbaugh tell you how to think.',1
'No.  The water pressure would have shoved them down the line.  Similar devices are used to pressure test sewer lines but those are only tested up to 3 psi.',1
'I would put her down.',1
'Rude/poor service. But the term single mom really doesn't mean anything as there (is) a father also who should be providing support, if he doesn't that still doesn't make single mom an OK term as it no matter what implies nothing except she is single.',1
'FactCheck.com says this is a lie (they put it more diplomatically). But the Dems keep repeating it with the cynical idea that the populace is too lazy and stupid to find out for themselves. Maybe they are right, but I'm not voting for people who so blatently have this attitude. (And I'm NOT a Republican!)',1
'I wish I could triple like your story! I wish I'd known then what I know now -',1
'Non citizens like you think that way.. That is one of the reasons crime pays these days.. Always crying for more government control and more police.. It is up to citizens to prevent crime and the police are for after a crime has been successfully committed.. Any BS the government says about preventing crime is just to take away more of your freedom.. There are provisions for citizens arrest in some states still.. Many states have repealed this provision when they made defending yourself a crime.. You are supposed to run away if you can, if not leave evidence before you die.. Kind of tough outrunning that bullet you know..',1
'Republicans set it free and people are saying they want it back? Sounds irrelevant.... I lot of hate in this story... You can read it and tell.... Until I read the book, I will take this article as something being taken out of context!!!!! Lots of passing judgement and biased-ness in this article.....',0
'Moonover007, "Your a total Idiot", wanting 16 year olds to vote........duh!',1
'More than that liberal brain donor Bloomberg.',1
'Damn GGG702 its horrible trash like you that makes the world what it is, please do not procreate. If you dont know the meaning of that it means DONT HAVE KIDS. Good day.',1
'Those of you who think the Whopper has gotten smaller probably just grew up. I started with Burger King in 1973 as an hourly employee, and am now a franchisee with several locations. The Whopper is made the same way and is the same size today as it was in 1973.',1
'Providing it's a mutual agreed upon action. Can't just have little people grabbing other little people willy nilly!',1
'so there goes country, quickly and quietly down the drain.',1
'I can show any customer how to get BETTER than the ratings on their window sticker.  Problem is nobody wants to coast to stop lights everyone for some reason wants to slam on the brakes at the light and sit there and wait.  STUPID AMERICANS!',1
'I don't know Metal. My husband pretty tough about getting hurt. It's when he gets a cold or sniffles. Good Lord almighty! It's the end of the world! But, a slip up with power tools, or getting cut with the edge of sheet metal...eahhh. He just keeps going after getting a few stitches.',0
'A double AMEN to that',1
'I didn't like his post at all, and I'm a man. \r\n  \r\nYou are obviously bitter that your 15 year marriage ended in divorce. Not everyone will have your same experience, yet you are applying it in general terms to the male population (ie: "don't ever get married").  \r\n  \r\nYour post is irrational, bitter, and has no redeeming value.',1
'shellz35, \r\n1) 1st degree burns are red skin and pain.\r\n2)  2nd degree burns are blisters, red skin and pain.\r\n3)  3rd degree burns are charred and blackened skin and extreme pain.\r\n  There is no way you can get coffee hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns; it would boil off in a flash first.\r\n  The employees were stupider than the waitress, for taking advantage of her. They misused her private property in a manner which is not acceptable to anybody with morals. This was done only to take advantage of her; there are innumerable images of better looking women who pose in any imaginal position; they had no need to use hers.',1
'Huh? are you really that stupid? \r\nObama was born in Hawaii, Romeny was born on KOLOB or some such planet....... \r\nI have only noticed new reporting what going on ......only Fox is biased against the President!!  this is even stated repeatedly on "The Simpson"!!!',1
'positive press coverage, well if you insist. \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nGloom despair fix our economy \r\n\r\n \r\nDeep dark depressing Barack you lied we see \r\n\r\n \r\nStole our GrandChildren's fortunes \r\n\r\n \r\nAnd our retirements. \r\n\r\n \r\nGloom, despair vote Barack outta there. \r\n\r\n \r\nRomney/Ryan 2012 Tell Your Friends',0
'You rock, dude!',1
'Country music has taken a big turn for years, it is more of pop music then country.  Go back the 50's/60's and you'll hear a much different sound of country music then we hear today, not to say that all the country singers are making their music more pop, but that seems to be the direction CM has gone to.',1
'Miley = LiLo',1
'How come everytime there's a stupid post..... your name is at the top of it???',1
'Old fat guys in Speedos.',1
'I very much fear that if some union bastard caused me and my family to sit in the dark they would possibly live to regret it.   I emphasize the possibly.',1
'Kobe is an obnoxious asshat .  Hell of a ball player, but still an asshat.',1
'that right im on a obama phone!',1
'What did you say ,,I'm the worlds biggest com man?  "That's me but the democrat idiots haven't figured that out yet"',1
'Not sure where you get your "information." Do you have an original cite? (Original means, "Not from Fox, the Daily Mail, or some political blog.")\r\n\r\n1) NOAA was expecting 12-17 "named storms" in the Atlantic this year, not "major hurricanes."\r\nhttp://www.noaanews.  ​ noaa.gov/stories2012  ​ /20120809_atlantic_h  ​ urricane_season_upda  ​ te.html\r\n\r\n2) There have been 18 named storms so far this season:\r\nhttp://www.nhc.noaa.  ​ gov/aboutnames.shtml  ​ \r\n(Note, we're up to the 18th name)\r\n\r\n3) Hurricane season doesn't end until Nov 30:\r\nhttp://www.aoml.noaa  ​ .gov/hrd/tcfaq/G1.ht  ​ ml',0
'Or we would naturally have fewer criminals... lol. Either way is OK by me.',1
'He's scary',1
'bloomberg is a crook Moron    he should be in jail    he would be if not for odumbo and holdem',1
'cops are the crookest scum out there along with the corrupted insurance company we had this dirt bag cop on are street he speeded every were and he got pulled over he would tell the cop is license was in he's duty bag in the trunk the cop would ask what station he worked at then let him go  while the rest of us get a ticket for ten over what a bunch of ****s',1
'Toxicsh*thead I'd call you whatever the f*ck I want to you redneck POS. If you tried that you would be the one toasted. You stupid fag texan with your gay little cowboy hat.',0
'I still like Ike',1
'I can't afford a new car but my "new" 2004 Kia Rio Cinco consistently gets about 31 MPG which I'm pleased with since it was rated at 28 city 33 Hwy and I do mostly city driving.  I've had it since February and I estimate it's saved me over $820 since my van got such horrible MPG.  I did my research about the car's reliability and MPG before I bought it and I can't complain.',1
'Now this one IS funny!',1
'What a typical, stupid ****ing whore!',0
'"No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public." - H. L. Mencken',0
'I'd rather have slick willing working in his country for an American President.....Then W in the Cayman Island showing corporations how to avoid American Taxes....',1
'Big texas...TEXAS is the state where education is a black hole.\r\n \r\nProof is your post because you have NO ORIGINAL thought. If your only talent is to cut and paste Romney BS talking points then you have no talent.\r\n \r\nGo research real data from May 2009 to today. You will see INCREASES across the board.\r\n \r\nDid we want more??? of course, did someone of us have the education level to know what happened in 2007 to Mar 2009 (Bush years)......YES it was the worst collapse ever.\r\n \r\nIm amazed we have had steady positive news for 4 years.....Like it or not The majority of Americans are not like you. Like it or not Texas will be a Democratic state in 2017....lmao!!!!',1
'So this is why I drink when I get around large groups of people... I always thought it was to make myself less anxious (as I tend to be in group settings).  I'm only subconsiously trying to bring myself down to the level of those around me.  \r\n  \r\nI'm going with it.  It sounds better than the alternative:)',1
'Someone please define "hug related injury" with an example... \r\n  \r\nIf you get injured while hugging, then you're either not doing it right or what you're doing can't be classified as a hug. \r\n  \r\nI am surprised, though...I had honestly expected this to be a story based in the US.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone --  1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'yes',1
'Great ......Now for the rest of the world!!!!!! Please adopt from shelters.',1
'So I sold my soul to the devillll...got a problem wid it?',1
'Since day one my wife and I had an agreement that if ever a hard decision came up I would make the call. If it was an easy decision my wife would make the call. As of today 22yrs later we have never had a hard decision come up!',1
'But...I don't think they take into account that the "brighter" people may have more education to help them land a better job with a higher salary.  That salary then lending itself to being more able to afford the drinking. \r\nI analyze data for a living...and know you can make it say anything you want it to...just by NOT saying what other factors may be at play.  Big corporations and political polls do it all the time. \r\n  \r\nI'm not buying that it has to do with "brightness" at all....',1
'Mitt would have already outsoursed it!',1
'Buddadon, I'm genuinely sorry you didn't get the opportunity to learn basic grammar (probably why teachers being fired affects you so personally).  There is no apostrophe to pluralize "Republican."   \r\n It's really unfortunate that we have adults lacking a grasp on the simplest of grammar rules.  I hope President Romney can do something to help people like you.',1
'OBAMA  UP 100% IN LATEST MOVE ON .ORG POLL \r\n NO INDEPENDENTS OR REPUBLICANS  TOOK PART IN THE POLL',0
'Give laurel a break!  She has issues with reality.  It isn't right to be mean to someone like that.',1
'I love real 4x4 SUV`s with a low-range. \r\nGot myself a used one for next to nothing for a second vehicle and fixing the few little things that need fixing. AMC/Jeep 4.0/242 forever. \r\nIf it ever needs a rebuild , I will make it into a 4.7-4.9 stroker motor. \r\n249K on the engine and it still runs strong !',1
'Life is so lonely,I am a single woman at present.I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on[ google or bing seek add riders] under the name of Swedish…it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for. ',0
'#2 looks like a blow-up sex doll for Peter Peter.',1
'Yes, CO2 is a trace gas.  That doesn't mean it can't influence climate - it's not the percent of CO2 that's the problem, it's the quantity that that's the problem.  That particular climate myth is not just wrong, but stupid.',1
'So now the shoe is on the other foot and you don't like it. Stop whining.',0
'I bet the red state workers could not read so they send them right back to school.',1
'This is sickening, hope those idiots who vote democratic union strong have a house underwater and no one to help them.  Thanks Obama.',1
'That piece of trash is so stupid!! how dare he did this to his own son????? That little babay is going to grow with resentment because he's been rejected by the man that  suppose to be his own  protector. Shame on him!! poor little baby. and what about of his own forefathers weren't uglies ???? I wish the bes for this mom and his baby. One day he's going to repent an then it coud be late for him!!',1
'What would that have to do with it?',1
'My phone is pretty boring, no worries there.  People would pay me not to have to look at what I have (on my phone).',1
'If we have to read about your war with “SuperBeast” you could at least explain it???',1
'Hello All......speaking of HOT....I am smoking hot in the TEMPER department that is....LOL!!!  All kidding aside ladies/gentlemen we do need to be very careful on here as recently I have become the target of an on line predator.....and guess what I didn't see it coming....and truth of the matter is usually I can spot that type of behavior a mile away, but it got by me.....be careful and lullabell smart of you to take your real picture down...and as far as email exchanges go I have taken a very serious risk by exchanging emails with folks on here to the tune that I am currently in the process of deleteing mine all together.....play it safe truly as if it weren't for the 'guardian angels' intervention here who knows what could have happened next....BE CAREFUL!!!!',1
'Or maybe not...blood would be everywhere!',1
'idiot',1
'The REAL uggs are made of real fur.  Watch out for the $20 version as it is real PLASTIC FUR.  JUST LIKE POLYESTER.....thats why the real ones are warmer.......',1
'and you believe that obama is all that is right with this world? You are pathetic.  Obama has done nothing good for this country and it shows. Romney will right the ship',1
'Socialism is the basis of Christianity. "Feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, heal the sick..." Jesus was a liberal and a socialist. So were all our great non-violent spiritual leaders. Socialism is civilized. Corporate greed is savage.',1
'Msn,  I want  Dan 716 back!',1
'Most of Lifetime's movies are depressing. My fiance jokingly refers to it as the MHC (Man Hating Channel)',1
'Hopefully not taught by the far left socialist education/indoctrina  ​ tion we currently have.  These people are all about collecting money from the taxpayers, not about actually EDUCATING people.   The Public option education is about as substandard as you can get.  Even the Obama's don't send their kids to DC schools.   But they insist everyone else do that. \r\n People should demand an END to government indoctrination centers, err schools, so we can educate our kids for the 21st century.',1
'Of course they should be able to hug.  It is only a sign of liking your friend.  What the heck is happening to this world.  Wish I had someone here to hug me.',1
'Trick? Or treat? It's all a matter of perspective.',1
'No,',1
'Children in the south do sound strange when they go outside the south.  People in other parts of the country who were taught the Ma'm and Sir routine had at some point a parent of grandparent or other ancestor from the south.\r\n \r\nUsually, a kid from anywhere else is not going to be thought rude for not using these honorifics because they will have an "outside the south" accent.  I have never heard any comments when my kids were visiting the south, they had the "yankee accents" and never said ma'm and sir, and believe me, my kin would have let me know if they found it objectionable.\r\n \r\nSoutherners (I was born way down in the deep, deep south but lived half my life and raised my kids in the Great Lakes area) are still fighting the civil war in lots of ways, and this is one of them.  Drop this archaic and meaningless mannerism and join the rest of the world.  Don't tell your kids to speak like this outside the south..  It actually sounds churlish, not polite, and marks them as hicks.\r\n \r\nThe same parents who would "tan their kids' hides" if they forgot to say sir and ma'm, will use the N word around their kids and allow their kids to do so, as well.  Try THAT outside the south.  I promise you that the N word is still used in most white homes in the south.\r\n \r\nIn fact, some cops up north consider it a sign of having been in prison.  I have lived a lot in both places and am a bit more able to speak from experience than most others here.',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',0
'those turtles look so happy togeather',1
'" no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States."\r\n \r\nArticle VI, Paragraph 3, Constitution of the United Staes\r\n \r\nI myself may not like Obama very much. But I like ignorance, stupidity and bigotry even less.',1
'Without* Tolkein',1
'Stay safe!  God Bless You!  Hope all of you make a speedy recovery.',1
'GEE! Sounds like "STAND YOUR GROUND" to me. Ahhhh.... ya' gotta love that second amendment. Thanks founders!',1
'Huh BUSH started the war Zombie',1
'Kudos on that one.......they seem okay at first, but their much worse once you get to know them..lol',1
'Just because an individual has a higher level of education does not especially mean that they are smarter or more advanced.  I know plenty of people who stayed in college and got master's degrees simply because they didn't want to stop going to school: still have parents pay for everything, and not have to grow up and get a real job, stop living the "college life", etc.  Obtaining degrees is not difficult, especially when you are a spoiled rotten student who does not have to work in order to survive to pay bills, rent, etc while attending college.  It is difficult for the people who are required to go to school full time, and work close to full-time hours.   \r\nAlso, perhaps women are smartening up and realizing they need to be sure they will never count on a man for support, thus realizing that college in necessary to do so.  Before I attended college, I researched my degree so I could be sure I could get a good-paying job after college.  It's nice knowing that no matter what happens in my personal life I will ALWAYS be able to support myself.  :)\r\n\r\n(Also - I noticed the "Related: " link within this article)... and I think that is just laughable that it's tied into this article.  In my mind, I find it appalling that the norm of "2 month salary" spent on a ring is considered what men are supposed to do.  My boyfriend and I have been together for 8 years, and I told him I couldn't give a rats a** how much he would spend on a ring for me.  It's a stupid stone that is marked up 100% that women just want to show and brag about.',1
'OMG How could they ever deviate from such a AMAZING ENDING. I swear that this right here should be the #1 story in all newspapers worldwide because its so IMPORTANT. Its not like Stephenie Meyer TOTALLY ABUSED the entirety of vampire lore by making them SPARKLE. She should be awarded the OSCAR for the AMAZING ENDING. But if we are going to REWRITE HER WORK anyway why didn't we simple REWRITE THE ENTIRE SERIES so it didn't SUCK.',1
'Sand-kickin' bullies and fake-boob beach bunnies. :-)',1
'I'm 38, and I worked for $2.25 an hour. So, before you open your mouth, you should know the facts. ASSuming things, make you look like an a$$.',1
'Say What! Under 200? \r\nI say you need a drink, you dullard.',1
'naw...strictly dickly',1
'I guess I am out of style.  I have a pair of light tan suede just mid-calf height Uggs, a pair of dark brown suede almost to the knee Uggs with stitching and faux fur, and a pair of light tan suede almost to the knee Uggs with faux fur and leather laces.  I do also have a cheap $30 pair of suede boots I got from Aeropostale about eight years ago that I wear in the snow when I don't want to get my good Uggs dirty.  I find it very interesting that a lot of teens and young women seem to wear their suede boots only when it's raining or snowing.  I guess they don't mind ruinng a pair of $200 boots.',1
'Sigh.....',1
'I with you 100%.....I don't eat chocolate everyday....but when I do, I  opt for the slavery free kind.',1
'I wouldn't want a bodyguard that looks like he's tweaking either.',1
'Disney, you've been passed a great honor.  Please don't f*ck this up.',1
'Sex sells...',1
'Ohio Democrats and Independents for Romney/Ryan !!   The entire East Coast is without gasoline, electricity, water, food , heat and essentials while YOUR President is nice and cozy in VEGAS today !!?? \r\nWhen is Obama going to make his Vegas-type visits to his States 51 thru 57 ??  They are waiting patiently !!  IMPEACH OBAMA AND FIRE BIDEN !!        Go Romney/Ryan !!       OHIO.............',1
'I have him now',0
'http://en.wikipedia.  ​ org/wiki/Political_p  ​ ositions_of_Mitt_Rom  ​ ney#Gun_ownership',0
'I've heard that the study also tended to elicit spontaneous toga-parties from it's participants.',1
'Well they are my essentials and they serve mutiple purposes.',1
'Also, a GREAT sense of humor goes a long way. :)',1
'for once common sense prevails !!!',1
'News Flash!  Submerging an electric appliance in seawater will make it short out and burn up!  NO WAY!!\r\n \r\nOh, and comparing a Fisker to a Yaris because of the interior space is like comparing a lamborghini to a mini-van.. Sure, you can get better gas mileage, haul more people, and even get around town easier, but you don't buy a lambrghini or ferrari or even a vette for those reasons..  Might as well start comparing apples to space stations.. brilliant.',1
'Rachael Maddow is one of the smartest women in this country. You are obviously a man who has trouble controlling his women. You are probably fat, ugly or have a small penis. Go screw yourself or another ugly man because that is what you love.',1
'.',0
'@SilviaMac, by "space shoes" do you mean "moon boots"?  I used to have moon boots but have never had UGGs.  They are just too UGGly for my big feet!',1
'Animal abusers should should be treated like child abusers . Because if they hurt animals they will also hurt children . These are sick people who should not be allowed in society.',1
'Actually, I am beginning to like that fabrication of yours, Nads...\r\nREFRAUDULATED.....LI  ​ ke when you vote for Bush's Third term next week?',1
'More likely interpreted as the devil's folly.  They're never wrong.',1
'Thank you for the update Tuesdays Gone. Best of luck to you and your kitty!',0
'I have never owned an iPhone, several iPods over the years but never an iPhone. I did own a crap load of apple stock which made me a crap load of money but I sold it last month when the new iphone 5 was released after seeing how little the iPhone does compared to Android powered devices. I was expecting something earth shattering but all it was was an iPhone 4 with a bigger screen LOL. That is when I figured out apple is out of ideas and it might be time to cash in on those stocks. Need more convincing? Apple's latest "release" the iPad mini, LOL, nobody wants tablets that size, if they do they will buy a Kindle Fire for $179 or a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 for $199 as opposed to the "starting" price of $329 for the iPod mini which does far less than the Samsung.  \r\n  \r\nApple is history, sorry all you apple zombies, facts are facts.',1
'I find it funny how "Obama sold Chrysler to Italy" is a big deal. I never heard anyone complain when Chrylser sold to the Germans.                 Hypocrites',1
'Glad for the happy ending and the respect accorded the shark. It's been said on many an oceanography program (like Jacques Cousteau) that to fend off a shark, or make it let go, you punch it in the nose. Why? They have very sensitive sniffers, and the nose is the most sensitive part of the shark. Honestly, I'm more concerned Scott heals cleanly after being in ocean water that cruise ships dump wastewater into, all manners of like pee and poo in, and whatever other toxic things enter the mix ... like runoff from Fukushima Nuclear. Scott, yer not allowed to catch MRSA or anything else ugly - one escape is enough, okay?',1
'For one....she's as ugly as a bucket full of arm pits. Secondly....have we not realized by now that most people are idiots?',1
'If all you have is $140, then you either spend $116 of food and tip the waitress, or buy groceries.  Being a single mom is no excuse for tacky, cheap, gauche and declasse',1
'id k--- that bitch first then see if any one else wants to apologize.',1
'can you afford some basic courses in history and economics 101? \r\n  \r\nyeeeesh .....',1
'Even if I answer your question...it would not be enough for you since you have issues that only a licensed mental health worker can handle...',1
'disney bought marvel, and just look how avengers turned out! i'm sure disney will do their very best.',1
'Hahaha...my 15 year old son got a detention two days ago for reading.  Yes, reading.  In class after he had completed his work, he pulled out a book and got written up.  Thank you, Pine Ridge High in Deltona, FL.  Good job.',1
'yes ugly and ridiculously expensive. made in the sweat factories in china,probable by exploited children and women. glad, glad,glad, away with the greed !.',1
'Iwork in 2 bars ,cases are paper thin and we have more breakage.theycharge more for bud stuff because its better.NOT.coors and miller lite sell graet and no one bitches.also,our bud sales guy  thinks hes god ,do'esnt work.',1
'If you can afford $140, you can leave at least $20, which'd be slightly less than 15%',1
'There was nothing cold or threatening about Frank's presence.  It just seemed he was most comfortable being in the house he built 110 years ago.',1
'They didn't stop to ask for directions.',1
'Loser you have no fu(king class whatsoever....more than likely Lullabell is young enough to be your granddaughter and yet you are on here making comments, you disgusting vile PIG.....don't worry Loser, Lulla like all of us women wouldn't look your way twice so it really doesn't bother any of us that you would return the favor.... now back to your swamp gator and go pleasure yourself with your boyfriends like you normally do!!!',1
'Crimson I think that Lulabell truly had NO idea how bad that idiot was either.  She seems new to this scene and all.  I just want her to be safe and not make the same mistakes I did along the way, that's all.  I do understand your concerns as you have seen the whole big picture here and please don't ever stop watching over all of us.....',1
'really bad service',1
'Yea and I bet you are on or headed for some government pension or born with a silver spoon your big mouth. So do you have a solution to so many not being able to afford the minimalist of health care...not everyone can make a million or billion, if that was the case who would wipe your sorry **** when you can't.',1
'You need to say "it's all true"!  I wasn't born in the US, I'm a Muslim, I hate whites, I am a traitor........',1
'"Did I do thaaaaat?"\r\n \r\nLadies and gentlemen, President Urkel.',1
'Lame, made up stale cuteness.',1
'What they need to bring back on the History Channel ... are shows about History.  Most of their shows anymore are an embarrassment to what the channel used to be.  A little of Pawn Stars is okay - but not 30 times a week.  They have filled the History Channel with stupid junk about weird men doing weird things.  It used to be the first channel I would go to until a couple of years ago. They used to have a lot of great programs - but it appears they have totally ditched the concept of showing anything historical or worthwhile. I have officially given up on this channel.',0
'I was in Hawaii last week and they was a line outside the store to go in.... I was waiting 20 minutes outside.  The store was full, everybody bought at least 2 pairs each and no they were no sales at all!!!',1
'OTHER LINK, I THOUGHT YOU WERE GAY. \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n- Cee Lo',1
'Yes.',1
'What I find strange that just about everyone leaving a comment has never made a mistake.  While I would be very upset and would expect any and all medical bills be payed by the police, I do know everybody makes mistakes and didn't mean for it to happen. I would forgive him and hope he and all the rest of the police learn from it.',0
'CGT1 STFU and give us some actionable intelligence already, market steward. \r\nIf you cant hold back the scumbags and manippers, give your job to someone\r\nwho can.....someone more cunning and wise than yourself...someone like....\r\nmarc johnson.  Ha ha ha ha ah.....',1
'Yay for the 2nd Amendment and the State of Mo.!!!',1
'You CAN carve fingernails moron...Additionally  ​ , turtle shells are MUCH thicker than a fingernail. Haters be hatin'...Idiot...',1
'A Petland store in Illinois tried it and went out of business.  It's a good thing.  At any rate, I hope this passes  everywhere.',1
'11 thumbs down with nothing to say about it, 31 on the original post?  IDIOTS, pure ignorant fools.',1
'I hardly ever tip anyone. Sure as f*ck not 20%. I don't give a sh*t.  \r\n  \r\nNow onto this whore. Stupid women think that because their daddy made them out to be their "princess" that men have to kiss their a$$es. Likely that is what happened here. The bitch likely had a man pay for her meal. Over entitled bitch.',0
'how do you accidentally euthanize someone? Was someone carrying the needle and then slipped and fell on the dog?  It's not an accident. It's a MISTAKE.  I know shelters have to euthanize for space and I hate it, but I know they have to because of the idiots still breeding and not getting their animals fixed. But, I really wish they took it more seriously. They need to triple check and make sure 100% the dog has to be euthanized.',1
'SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error.',0
'another great point. Uggs only target a certain region. You don't need them in Hawaii or southern California. You can't wear them in Washington and oregon because it's always raining. They really need to branch out. People aren't going to spend $150 just to watch their boots get destroyed by the rain.',1
'Laurel likes to blow it out her a$$',0
'I am so glad you wrote this. I had a man who had a great job want to marry me, while I was going to a Community college taking a College algebra class, he promised he would tutor me since he works in an engineering field. (he couldnt tutor but Shooo'ed off a  tutor from helping me in the math solutions area) but what was most interesting is his huge amount of insecurity. He told me "HIS life was set" and that I "should marry him",, and then when I was frustrated at the amount of time I needed to get caught up  with Math and also already raising two children from another controlling marriage...by myself and working fourty+ hours a week, his reply to me while struggling to do my homework with out his assistance was "If you cant hack it quit".  I knew from that moment on, a husband to me, would be the one to encourage me to finish/follow my dreams and let me become the best ME i can be. He told me later that he was insecure because he thought if I had a higher paying job than what I had, I wouldnt want to be with him. The education didnt matter at that point. I let him know I could  not and would  not  marry him... although we talk and are friends, I wouldnt think he would be right for "US".',1
'No way',1
'dont eat the brown acid',1
'Now that was too cool',1
'What, me worry? Michelle and I will be fine no matter what happens in the election, screw the 'normal people'. Well its time to get back to the Choom Gang, smoke some dope and do some blow!',1
'Who Oblamea.',1
'just hanging with my peeps, girlfriend. 2 snaps',1
'I actually thought the bunny sat there very mannered and munched on his cucumber.',1
'If this is true, then let all those people who have been on tv crying about being in the dark\r\nstay in the dark ,starve and freeze.',1
'Obama can do no wrong with the left wing media! Romney has a plan Obama had and has\r\nnone! that booklet he put out was nothing but same old talking points that FAILED!\r\nRomney's plan has never been tried yet they say it won't work! LIES NOTHING BUT LIES! \r\nwhere's the coverage of the 4 americans killed and the cover up by Obama and media?\r\nif that was Bush it would be non stop coverage!!! Romney/Ryan!',1
'Peshau7. I followed your suggestion and found it very entertaining. I would encourage everyone to go check out the songs and videos on youtube. Sounds like a mix of Toby Keith and Hank Williams Jr. I might pick up an album but would want to listen to some tracks first.',1
'The story says it was put out by Republicans??? Where was it put out by Republicans? You people believe EVERYTHING that Barrack and the Dems are telling you!! I agree we should NEVER believe anything that ANYONE tells us or what we read.... Check it out yourselves!!  Just like the lies that we have heard the last 3 plus years!!! I personally have seen unions do weird things... I have seen NON-union people do weird things... it is all a perspective, in how we see it... Good people I am a Republican, I VOTED for Cater, Jimmy was put in a NO win situation. I was not happy with EVERYTHING BUSH JR. did... We have 2 pick between 2 candidates... 1 that has had his chance and 1 that deserves a chance and IF he does NOT do any better then get rid of him!!! PLEASE people do NOT let Barrack fool you! What has he DONE? For the better of our country and give me facts NOT promises..... look at Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Bush 1, Carter, Reagan, Clinton, Bush 2 and Obama... seriously, what did each do for the better of AMERICA? open your eyes folks... Vote for the future NOT the past or promises... Do NOT be an arm chair quarterback...and yes, hindsight IS 20/20 so can we learn by our past 3 plus years mistakes? You tell me? Just VOTE!!!!',1
'How can I give more then 1 thumbs up for this?',1
'This is a surprise? Union scum at their best!',1
'The 'artist' ruined it.',1
'Obama needs to go!!',1
'That's a cop-out.  That's like saying the millions working in non-union jobs, aren't worth their salery!\r\n \r\nFrankly, if the democrats hadn't screwed up the housing market with the CRA, perhaps we wouldn't need to make so much!  The biggest expense in every household is HOUSING!"\r\n \r\nThe democrats championed the CRA in the 80's.  Frankly, it was a good thing; but had unintended consequences.......  As more people qualified for homes, the prices skyrocketed, as a result of the laws of "supply & demand!"\r\n \r\nJust to be able to live, wages had to climb - ask anyone in NYC, Boston, Chicago et-al!\r\n \r\nUnions just take advantage of that 10-fold!!',1
'HUGGING or BULLYING ....  Take your pick... Doesnt seem like a tough choice to me !!',1
'Worst moment is this airing in the first place',1
'Yet another classic example of why legislation for increased gun control, besides being completely Unconstitutional, makes absolutely no sense.  Gun control does nothing to limit the amount of guns present in the country, rather it simply takes guns away from everyday, law-abiding citizens, like me and you, and gives them to criminals whose only intention is to commit some sort of crime with it.  Good for you, Mr. Thompson.  --Your neighbors of St. Charles county, MO',1
'Well if it is not organized how will it ever get done? The Obama method we will change and by doing this spend more money and after 4 more years it might happen but you can not turn back now!',1
'The Michael Jackson and the Power Rangers were the funniest. xDD',1
'Good for you, you must be pretty level headed. Kudos.',1
'i think i gave you herpes',1
'I hope sombody lost their job over this.  No one makes any effort any more.',1
'Looking at all the wonderful comments on this story I can't help but notice the loosers who have cliked on the "Thumbs down" function. What miserable, pathetic lives you must lead. Feel free to give me a "Thumbs down".  It must be the only joy you have in life.',1
'So lame! A REAL man realizes the sacrifice she went through having HIS child-If he really loved her truly, he would still find her sexy.  Her body might have changed, but she only became more beautiful as she brought such an angel into the world. I just hope in that one year after him being so immature that he couldn't touch her, that she at least got hers somewhere else!',1
'Agreed 63,   Who has 4 or 5 moving violations over a lifetime let a lone 20 years!!!  I am praying that the awful driving record doesn't end up with Whineanddine me hurting or killing someone.',1
'Postpone for sure.  The displaced citizens need the help much more.  Good for him.',1
'Presley was the most important popularizer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country and rhythm and blues.\r\n\r\nOrbison grew up in Texas and began singing in a rockabilly/country and western band in high school until he was signed by Sun Records in Memphis.',1
'Aye Mr Cuban.........How bout 1 Milli for whoever can Shave Trumps head............I figure I team up with a couple dudes....we rush him........pin him...........and shave his head...........he is a coward you know......so it should go easy with the use of a lil THUG LIFE!!!! lol lol',1
'READ THE STORY! She wasn't pregnant!',1
'In reverse: wow',1
'Obvious answer...sue.  Why would he ask these kids clean his car?  Why didn't the teachers say something?  Who does he think he is...clean your own damn car!  What type of screening do they do before they give these cops weapons?  There's tons of blame to go around, therefore a lot of people would get sued, including the school!',1
'I think if we can't get to those all over the East Coast, then the Military can and should!  I think pallets of blankets, small generators, fuel and food can be air-dropped, along with para-jumpers able to enforce peace as panic and cold approaches.  I think President Obama needs to be a man and use his authority for the people who pay his paycheck as well as Bloomberg and all the rest, placing jobs and commuting before the immediate needs of the people from West Virginia to Pennsylvannia to NYC and NJ.  \r\n \r\nIt is time to put people before profits and to re-difine the term Corporation as in Habeas Corpus and the body of work that is God's NOT MAN'S!  Let Sandy be a lesson for NASA, Microsoft and all others who think they have the power...............  ​ .........lol........  ​ ....................  ​ ..you have NOTHING but what God allows you to have.  Don't be self-fooled Gates and Allen et al.',1
'Ex-Marine myself ( tail end of the Vietnam-era ).....I think I was surprised to discover adults dressed for a Halloween costume contest....when I happened to be out one night back in the mid-80s.   Once I found out about some of the prize $$$$ offered ( depending on the party you choose to attend ).....and being an artist ,  I began 'getting into' the whole thing myself.   I know I've won at least $12,000 plus a 4-day Carnival cruise to Mexico over the years.   57 now, and don't enter every year, but adult Halloween parties are a good excuse to let the hair down.....',1
'One time, One time in band camp.',1
'Death trap!',1
'Hey....It's what I do....',0
'No different than a reporter being paid to photograph / broadcast a disaster. We all want to see the disaster. If you have looked at more than one photo or broadcast...you want to see the disaster. If your offended  by the disaster being exploited then boycott the people / firms that broadcast it and advertise on the broadcast networks and other media. This is no different at all. My guess is they are not making money on their photograph. If they are, they're good American capitalist. NO BIG DEAL.',1
'I will say it again.   Those who think union workers make too much money better look at their non union , non secure, low paying jobs.  Did you ever think you are underpaid?  I certainly found out after I left my non union private job of 20 yrs and realized I was being paid 60 k LESS then union workers. Good luck keeping your jobs when you get too old and expensive for them.  You will be out on your asses.  being a good worker does not mean squat.',1
'So to try to keep things on track I will note that I agree *Undiscovered World* is a B+ and a particularly frustrating one -- the good numbers are so intriguing you wish the compilers had held out somehow until they had enough top-notch material to replace the duff selections.',1
'" what , me worry "',1
'Guitar control is holding it with two hands while you shred the solo.',1
'The haters can call L.A. a barrel full of crazies and vain jerks if they want to, but I lived there for 12 years and met countless people who were humane, animal-loving, decent people when it comes to matters of compassion.',1
'you are funny,\r\njust keep thinking the white male is the "PRIVILEGED" in the average American community,\r\nthat is only true if that same white man has a large bank account.',1
'"Oh boy this is some great crack! Oops they spotted me. Remember look like a idiot america likes idiots."',1
'Oven baked!',1
'if anything it should be under 30 cuz after that ppl like u are to old and dont have the legs and old conservatives only care ur money corporations and not our enviroment cuz u willl die soon anyway and under 30 ppl have to sufer. its conservatives like you who want to deny your average person to vote so some poltically obsessed conservertive who wants to dictate america as you mention a test on the constitution. raise to 30 u crazy? your already deny poor ppl in certain states the right to vote, and ppl who have felonies the right to vote. and women didnt have the right to vote either until liberals worked hard to give them rights u take away.',1
'I wager if Patriot actually met KOO, he would crap himself.  \r\nThen again, what right winger does not live in perpetual fear and torment?',1
'Milton Hershey would be spinning in his grave!!!!  This is what happens when a private company goes corporate.  Milton Hershey and his wife had no children, no heirs.  Their employees were their family.  They built an entire community for them, sustained them through the depression paying off their mortgages and keeping them from foreclosure.  Every man that returned from WWII had a job,  His community wanted for nothing.  He built a hospital, schools, a college and \r\norphans homes for boys and girls. \r\n  \r\nThis makes me sick.  This is heartbreeaking.  How is it that a bunch a corporate douchebags can \r\nmove completely away from the founder's beliefs and business plan?',0
'Nope. Way too expensive for me.',1
'Hey while were at it...let's praise Bush Jr. for awhile. What an outstanding example of thugish behavior. \r\nHe single handedly handed the middle class home owner a beating they will never forget....but hey...who cares?  The banks now have all the land and homes, no one can buy anyway. So all is good in the land of the rich and plenty. Where the hell have they hid Bush anyway. Read his dead dads lips, no new texans, we won't get fooled again. Come on people. Let the banks have your property. You don't have jobs now anyways.',1
'I cant wait for when that happens for real,then the zombie takes a bite out of the cop...\r\nEnd of the world of course,,not until then....',1
'Maybe this would be newsworthy if either Will or Kate was actually IN the car at the time. This is not OUR royal family, why does an accidental discharge outside of Kate's house make news in the US?',1
'take a chill Daniel - this was meant to be funny.',1
'about right, we have a paid for home, 2 fairly new paid for cars, basically no debt other than utilities, insurance and have an income (soc.sec) under 30K. and we are banking about 400 per month. not bad.',1
'Why even report on **** like this?',1
'I missed the T for Trillion in the previous post.  Obama's administration increased the debt 6 Trillion dollars in under 4 years.  It took the United States over 200 years to reach 5 Trillion in debt, yet your President increased the debt 6 Trillion dollars in under four years. Did you know that we will be unable to pay the interest on the national debt in 2014?     Where do you think we will be as a nation in 2016? (perhaps right where Obama wants us?)     I voted for Romney/Ryan and I am not even a Republican.',0
'Oh crap, maybe not..?',1
'Maybe because they weren't looking for them in the first place????  What a stupid question, leave it to msn.',1
'Kim K. is in the contemporary version of Mandingo, and is not fiction.',1
'Grey Ghost is two faced his hero Robert Blake is A Democrat',1
'I thought the FBI investigated domestically and the CIA was international. I may be stupid but is the FBI involved because the American Embassy is considered to be on American soil? If so Why are there no Marines protecting it?',0
'Better get the WH kitchen to whip me up something for the munchies, while I'm still in office........',1
'I am willing to hold off for a little bit,,,,BUT HOW LONG???/ 5 MORE GAMES 10 MORE??\r\nI need to know otherwise I will have to switch..\r\nI can watch them on my computer via european websites that stream the games\r\nI will have to set a date like you did,,,,one more week and thats it,,im making the call',1
'When I was in high school many many  years ago, my Dad was strong Union and so was I.  What was said by any union was usually always right.  That was until my Dad (Retail Clerks) went on strike.  \r\n What changed my strong pro union position !    About 7 months before (It has been so long I forgot how long.) the Teamsters went on strike and the Retail Clerks honored the strike and did not cross the picket line, 7 months later the the Retail Clerks went on strike the Teamsters crossed the picket line until the strike was settled. \r\n My attitude now, is that there are Good Unions as well as Good Companies,  Like wise there are bad companies and bad unions.    \r\n The thing that makes the difference is the same in both cases,  the individuals that make up the management  in both the companies and the unions.',1
'I just don't get the whole waiting in line thing. I mean, like, where are you in life when waiting in line behind hundreds of people is that important to you. In three days you'll be able to walk in to the same  store and and go right up to the counter and buy one. Oh, I get it. You want to impress your fellow Trekkies at the next Star Wars convention. I like what Triumph the dog would ask of guys like this: "Did you ever actually talk to a gril without having to give her your credit card over the phone?"',1
'wait a minute, i think i hear the worlds smallest violin playing my bleeding heart, to Kobe..lololol',1
'I love my Ugg's! Can't get thru a winter without them. Expensive but they last for ever. Don't be cheap, invest in the real thing.',1
'Liquor, Cigs, and Condoms',1
'You make assumptions that you dont know WBU, i am very much a penis, thank you very much, and what you are is certain a douche.......have a good day.....Mr. douche',1
'I'm soooooooooooooooooo glad these boots will come to an end!!!! FINALLY....the Australian sheep won't suffer and the torture will stop for these ugly, stupid, expensive boots. I would never buy them even if they were cheap!!!!!! VEGAN SHOES ALL THE WAYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'We don't build on Sandbars around here because we know they are ever changing...\r\nThey have for eons...',1
'I've seen this ad.  You call it "funny" and I see it as low, disgusting and I'm still struggling to see the point of it. \r\nSo far all I see is another mean-spirited attack by Moore and the Democrats that will do almost anything to keep from losing - except to improve the economy, create jobs and maintain strong national security.',1
'don't confuse the ignorant masses.......about how interest rates are low and savers are screwed....',1
'People need to stop wasting time and energy on this nonsense and focus more on important issues like the economy, cures for diseases, compassion, etc.  I'm sure everyone reading this, at one time or another, could have used a good old fashioned hug.  In the mean time, kids are committing suicide over bullying and graduating unable to read, write and do simple math.  If they are going to come up with this ridiculous nonsense, the least they could do is be honest about the reason for it...."hug related injuries"....yeah, ok.',0
'See above or other comment...',1
'It isn't rocket science = The longer the story, the longer the movie....who's going to sit in a theater for an 8 hour movie anyway?  Splitting an "epic-length" story into different movies simply makes sense.',1
'Unions are no good period. I am a certified GC and NEVER hire a union company. Thats why I stay busy, give good prices to my clients and can work long hours if needed with out that corrupt BS. Only union people support unions because of the money they get and demand. And people wonder why its so costly to live in those areas. Look at the unemployment rate in unionized liberial areas, very high, hmmmm I wonder why.. haha',1
'Fixed? \r\nIsn't that a euphemism for BIRTH CONTROL???\r\n \r\nPsst..... you forgot to say Benghazi!',1
'"Free Health Care: Under new health care legislation, many insurance plans now provide preventive-care screenings without charging deductibles or co-pays." \r\n  \r\nHow is this free if you already have to pay for the plan itself?',1
'This is what happens when government and policy makers are allowed to have control over every aspect of your life.....emotionless  ​  robots!  Do we really want this kind of control?',1
'Isn't the white house, "our" house, the house of the American people?  If so, why should we not know what is built there?  We know it is deep undergroud.  I would tend to think it is some sort of fortified bunker.  The house was worth 299 million in 2006 amd drppped to 280 million under Obama.  That tells me Geoge, Jr. didn't just almost destroy the nation but did a lot of damage to the white house too.  With George, Jr. ordering the assassination of Hussein and with those assigned the gruesome duty to dig him out of an underground bunker, It seems Obama might think the Iraqi people might think ole George, Jr. was still there.  Hence, the need for a deeper and stronger bunker.  If you love America VOTE ALL INCUMBENTS OUT. put them in unemployment lines!',1
'The title should be Police arrest woman dressed as pregnant zombie...\r\nhttp://blog.al.com/s  ​ potnews/2012/11/hall  ​ oween_hangover_polic  ​ e_say.html',1
'When I was in Geogria was encouraged to join the Klan to increase my chances for work and promotion, guess it is the same.',1
'The minimum wage for servers is based on the assumption that they will receive tips. According to the DoL, the minimum wage for an hourly employee is $7.25. However, the minimum wage for a person in a position that is a tipped position is $2.13 an hour. If people like you choose not to tip, and at the end of the night the server only averaged $4 an hour, no one makes up for that, they're just out of luck for busting their butt to give you a good meal. I hope you enjoyed taking advantage of someone who's probably barely getting by and can't afford to go out to eat, but still served your food with a smile.',1
'Mr, Burns happens to be my favorite of the show,he`s got  integrity for what he believes and doesn`t apologyze,a true american heroe,way to go Monty...',1
'Bill, from the Sookie Stackhouse books.\r\nFollowed fast by Eric!',0
'Only when the bills start arriving.',1
'Obamas' people someone. You should be cheering them on.',1
'@Idvoteforacamel, you'd probably hump one too.',1
'See Loves2Fly, it's what we people with a sense of humor call a 'joke'. I'm guessing you are some sort of Womens Libber...I'm sure the Pee Fairy believes in gender equality as much as anyone else cares to, they were just bringing levity into an obvious over reaction in the article and in the comments here claiming that the turtle 'suffered' or that it was cruel. Shells have no nerves, ergo no harm no foul...Now, make like a tree and go yourself...',1
'I never heard of these cats but, i applaud them.',1
'Many drivers I've witnessed breaking the law need immediate and severe punishment. It would be better to give patrol officers more discretion and even issue them some non-lethal punishment tools so as to discourage such traffic violations in the future. Just imagine if a motorist knew that upon being stopped for a motor vehicle violation he or she might be zapped with the officer's electrical pulse baton or some other such device to inflict non-lethal, temporary pain. Most people do not enjoy pain. I have seen some drivers that are so aggressive and disrespectful to others on the roadways that it makes me feel like running into them, dragging them out of their vehicles, and beating the living s**t out of them. If the officers in my state and community would be more visible and concentrate more on traffic enforcement maybe these anxious, out of control drivers would slow down and obey the laws. They really freaking aggravate the living s**t out of me. That is all I will say about this and I apologize in advance for any person I may have offended with these statements and my overall tone.',1
'Probably the most humorous one yet.',1
'plus, some judges will let you drive( for work only!!) They also have things such as taxi's and busses, use "em!',1
'Probably.  What was olympian(  '76 Montreal Decathlon champ) Jenner thinking when he hooked up with Kardashian's widow years ago?  Didn't Jenner get an eye tuck years ago when Barbara Hershey had a lip job?',1
'That is dirty as Halloween is the night kids look forward to celebrating!',0
'This kind of thing happens all the time in eastern countries, and the woman is much the poorer for it. There is no equality for the woman, and often she is forced to take a step back from her career because of the pride of the man. Hard for me to see it being much different in many households here in the USA.',1
'Popa G knows from experience. His John's tell him that every five minutes. That why they always get upset when they find out he's a man(or once was).',1
'Is Angry Whopper the next Mega Hit along with Angry Birds and Not nice piggies?  Oh would I eat it....well sure I would.   Not sure about eating the Habanero pepper, but I've done it before and what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.',1
'Zillow is not used by real estate people who are legit.  It is a worthless sight.  As to the White House - it will be worth more after Nov. 6, 2012.\r\n \r\nMaybe the Federal Government can use the White House to borrow debt on.  Some lender might be willing to loan say 125% of the value.',1
'I was a waitresses  when I was  seventeen until i was  about twenty, in order  put myself  through  college  which I entered early  because I finished  high school early .  Most of the  time  I was the  only  waitress on the  floor but despite that  I was very good  at my job .I made a lot of money   in tips  because  I was good  at it.  I  paid for  a portion of my education because   I was good at my job  and  because I worked hard. I have my Associates degree and am about a Semester away from my Bachelor degree. But i remember people like this coming in and making my job harder  for  nothing other than some petty complaint  that wasn't my fault but I took the  brunt of the punishment for it, so I supposed you could say my personal experience colored my earlier response negatively . As to me being ugly ,  low class , and white trash that's  your perspective.  So thank you for that',0
'Hugging injuries? O.o',1
'SOME OF YOU PEOPLE ARE SO STUPID WITH YOUR COMMENTS, THAT IT BLOWS MY MIND . IF YOU ARE SO CONCERNED ABOUT THE SITUATION, GET OFF YOUR SORRY ASSES AND SIT DOWN WITH THE SCHOOL ADMINISTRATORS AND TALK ABOUT IT. PERSONALLY, I AM TOTALLY IN FAVOR OF KIDS HUGGING EACH OTHER, AS LONG AS IT IS IN FRIENDSHIP, BUT IF YOU HAVE NO COMPASSION FOR YOUR FELLOW HUMAN BEINGS, THEN BY ALL MEANS FORBID YOUR KIDS FROM HAVING ANY CONTACT WITH EACH OTHER !!!!!',1
'Yep. Probably true. Ain't even listenin' to the "other side." Screw 'em!',1
'I sure hope she does not present these pics on any of her "Go See's" !! I do not see any thing glamorous in theses pics ... She is pretty much mediocre... and verrrrry shallow to boot.',1
'what if the coach is the one going crazy?  We have a coach that is very verbal to the kids and our school board has let it go on for yrs.  Very seldom are the kids complimented on the things they do right and it is hard as a parent to sit and watch this.  It seems now days it is more important to WIN than have good sportsmanship and fun doing so.  Yes, you can WIN and still have FUN at the same time.  When I was playing my coach was constantly complimenting us and at the same time ENCOURAGING us a long the way.  Very seldom did he raise his voice so the whole gym could hear him.',1
'I love a good back crack from a hug!',1
'No, that was the second year of the democratic control of congress.  Both the house and senate went to the dems January 3, 2007 and the slide began.  If you can't figure that out look at the stock market history for the last 10 years.  It shows exactly what time frame this happened in.',1
'yo ****, you and all the other rush limbaugh/fox news/ bill orielly GOP corperate america phuqs spread that kind of retohric 4 years ago and guess what? you still have your guns, we still have the most badass military in the world and we are making progress in the worst economic disaster your boyfriend George bush created so phuq off punk **** beeyatch!',1
'CULTURE...GEOPOLITIC  ​ S...ANTHROPOLOGY OF POWER...DID ALL OF YOU KNOW THAT SLAVERY BEGINS WITH PEOPLE OF THE SAME NATION SELLING ONE ANOTHER?...IS SAD...BUT IS HISTORY is  THE WAY THE WORLD ALWAYS MOVE...PEOPLE DESTROYING THEIR OWN PEOPLE, THEIR OWN LANDS,THEY'RE OWN WORLD....FOR SOME THIS IS HARD TO BELIEVE, MADNESS,CRUELTY,ECT.  ​ ..CULTURE too...THE CULTURE OF OPINION...BUT THIS WORLD IS NOT A JUSTICE ONE...IS A BATTLEFIELD OF INJUSTICE....A LOT OF GROUPS AND A LOT OF PEOPLE TRY TO CHALLENGE THE REALITY...BUT REALITY ALWAYS WINS....SAD BUT IS THE ONLY TRUTH... THIS WORLD IS A CULTURAL ONE...AND CULTURE IS NOT ALWAYS IN OUR TERMS....SADLY INDEED',0
'Yes it does,football clean-up ?? were there dead bodies, crying lack of food water and shelter MITT? and flooding on the field  **** Motherfussers,what a effing turd !!',1
'Who the hell would answer yes?? Wouldn't that defeat the purpose of a bodyguard, assuming they were one that was supposed to carry a weapon? New question please.\r\nI think its time',1
'Sounds like a bunch of jealous haters to me.  You get what you put in and you obviously haven't put in much, but you expect respect, a typical entitlement generation mentality.  Rude people come from all tax brackets, races, sexes, shapes and sizes.  You just resent people who are better off because you don't have what they have and hate your reality.  It's MUCH easier to categorize people and blame them for your own shortcomings than to work hard to improve yourself.  Hitler did it successfully.',1
'Is Sandy an act of God or others..............  ​ ...and the crazy man by the sea replied, "Our name is Legion, for we are many."  And they begged Jesus not to destroy them and so Jesus let the Demons inhabit the bodies of pigs who then ran into the sea and drowned.  \r\nAs a nation, do we let people drown because they became owned by Demons?  Or do we save the souls who are here by God's will, not the Devil's temptations?  Who are we America?  Money hoarders or warriors for God?  The semantics of faith, divides faith into the faithless.  When we use Christ the King as opposed to Christ the Living God and Lamb and Messenger of God's Will, become demoted that that of Roman, French or English Titles of Entitlement and thus pseudo-honours, then we have failed to do God's will, but rather do man's.  It is time to do God's will.  It is time to save lives no matter the costs...............  ​ ................God will provide the means to the men of true honours wherever they be, and without titles of hypocrisy.  Pay foreward............  ​ ......save those who cannot save themselves!',1
'Hell let them skateboard. They're not going to break anything that's already broken.',1
'There may be hope for L.A. after all.   Now let's do this nationally.',1
'Maybe Chris Brown can throw this one a beating too.... I do not condone violence, but someone smack this nutty bitch please.',1
'The NRA is the biggest threat to the 2nd Amendment, Fact.',0
'5 MORE DAY'S UNTIL WE ELECT A NEW PRESIDENT ! \r\n  \r\nCan you feel the desperation in the Demo-can't camp ? They got a taste in 2010 & they're fixing to get a mouth full 11/6/12.  \r\n  \r\nOPEN WIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!! \r\nC-YA!!',0
'So dress as the Taliban so Americans will like you? Buffoon.',1
'stick with papper, too many people are afraid of technology',1
'Someone HAS to keep it real',0
'"I thought I only had to fart. I was wrong"',1
'PUT YOUR FINGER IN THE WATER, IF IT TASTES LIKE SALT THEN THERE ARE SHARKS.',1
'As a non-liberal, it appears to me that you seem to love Kool-Aid.  You simply make up your own facts to suit your point of view.',1
'Obama is the one that DESTROYED the economy....',1
'Well, I 'demand' we rid ourselves of the fiscal fascists holding up stimulus for purely political reasons.  \r\n\r\nDown with the Do Nothings in CONgress.  Folks, if you have one of these originating in your district,  its YOUR fault Nothing is being done.  Evict them and life can commence.  They have done Nothing but put us into a holding pattern just to get rid of one guy.   They have not earned their money and perks these past 2 years....Make them Pay it Back !! \r\n\r\nOh\r\nBy the way,\r\nAll I \r\nMight be saying is\r\nAll is not lost.\r\n\r\nBut\r\nIf\r\nDumbsh1ts are allowed to vote\r\nEvil can be \r\nDone.\r\n\r\n(no there is no subliminal messaging in this post- Just go out and vote with your mind this time, not with your misdirected passions)',1
'No....TooFreakinUGGl  ​ y!',1
'child birth, periods and breast cancer which im not saying men cant have it because it's possible. When i was 8 i got hit by a full sized truck while riding my bike,without wearing a helment and oh  try pulling yourself with both, your broken and fine arm to a 10 ft away curb , lets see who wins .',1
'Shouldn't it be yoFone?',1
'It will take time for the team to gel. In the end, they will be in the playoffs and all these negative pundits will change their tune as they gargle and brush their teeth after hopping back on the Laker bandwagon.',1
'if you judge then i dont care who you are ,you are NOT a christian then..CHRIST-IAN,is to be like Christ..would Jesus do that...most who call then selfves christians are more like followers of the anti-christ...hyproc  ​ rites..shame on those who lead the innocent astray',1
'actually no you didnt. check the time, moron. you were a minute after me.',1
'What I don't understand is why we haven't heard anything bad about Halloween this year? It's been a tradition, it seems, to find needles in apples, some type of poison, and there is always the traditional fires in Detroit. None of this happened this year, unless I missed something. I'm kind of shocked but happy. If anyone knows of bad things happening this year, hit me up with a comment about it. Thank you.',1
'Fake fake fake',1
'AyePhone is pure genius!',1
'Mahr is an idiot. I wouldn't care if who he endorsed. That man is as bad as Limbaugh. Just another zealot adding fuel to the fire.',1
'Not well...',1
'BENGHAZI  and our dead brothers in arms \r\n you are more concerned with Romneys finances than DEAD AMERICANS and a lying  COMMANDER IN CHIEF,    and i use that term loosely',0
'Two words, "Yes, dear."',1
'the only ones that will show up are the same pea brained dinosaurs that refuse to go away so that we can move on to something more important!!!!!!.',1
'Because my shadow is always looking to choke me.',1
'I own 7 pairs and just ordered slippers for my wife. What I hate is the price and they are made in EFFING China however they are warm and look and feel good. I will be very surprised if they cut prices.',1
'TFS, good post as many times it is NOT the wait staffs fault.  Kudos for voicing that point as MANY do not realize this aspect.',1
'Twi-Hard? really?',1
'Wow with that voice more like a wounded dog singing to another DOG!',1
'she should be charged with child endangerment and she should be alcohol and drug tested till the birth of this child the minute she decided to carry this child to term she took the responsibility for its health and well being i don't want to get into the abortion issue whether for or against it doesn't really matter but what does matter is that if you are going to bring a child into this world you CANNOT abuse it at any point of its life and this is abuse !',1
'Unions are a piece of ****.... Best man for the job I say.....I deal with them all the time in Chicago.\r\nsome Union guys (or Gals ) are all right but the MOST of them are worthless. only getting jobs because they know someone.... thats what is driveing this great Country down....Ask YOUR B.A. if you are union.if he knows your name..............I bet he dosent ........Oh P.S. **** UNIONS',1
'Well I said i would kick some scumbag azz.....And I did, my man on the floor started buying "certain issues", we were bidding against Warren's (Berks) man on a take down....We pushed it back up to the 0.03 profit margin; To much for Berkshire to stomach and we flattened them..They were pissed.\r\n \r\nNext we ran into Soro's buyer, he was a real surely sob, he wanted to buy some of our shares....\r\nAttempted to lowball us on some home improvent, we had a 10K pouch of shares, he offered 61.5 we told him to, GFH...We held our ground, sold for 5 cents under high for the day near 62.2; After the bell when walking out we gave him the razzberry, he gave us the finger..It was a good day.',0
'Karma's a b.itch',1
'My husband & I have been married 18 years',1
'i always kiss my gay son and his kok-o.',0
'I would be arrested because I would kill those ****ers',1
'Miley going down the same path as Brittney Spears, who mirrored Madonna, all over again. Isn't anyone talented or unique anymore?',1
'A person's shirt, whatever it says, should not "count as electioneering" when they go to vote.\r\n \r\nA person does not lose their right to free speech by entering a public place.\r\n \r\nThis law, like many, was written with good intentions. I should protect people from being harassed when going to vote.  Wearing a shirt with an opinion is not harassment.\r\n \r\nThe question should be whether this laws violates the constitution.',1
'Hey "Dude" how are they hangin...like a ground squirrel i bet!',0
'Auggghhhh! England? Scotland? Or was it Japan? I've lost track!',0
'No Lauren- the stuff they are passing off nowadays as country music is NOT country music!',1
'Obama occupied the White House for four years - just to clean it, paintt it, and prepare it for Romney.',1
'I'd watch Kim Kardashian sex tape any day. Than watching Nancy Grace stupid sh*t.',1
'I only go into the kitchen to cook myself food that I bought with my money that I earned from my job, and  male creeps like you will be homeless and starving.  Enjoy your unemployment, chiach.',1
'Hey Crimson! Nice to meet you :) Nap & Maggie how do you email without the whole world knowing your personal email? I thought  I seen where you & Jana do that... because I have a question for Nap',1
'Bottom line the EPA is failing the consumers horribly.  The EPA needs to be revamped.  In fact the EPA should be abolished as it doesn't follow thru with false claims.  Yes in this case they did for publicity only.',1
'A goddamn bible. And I was PISSED! I remember we pulled them out of our pillowcases and slung them on her driveway.',0
'I don't see why they can't stick to the source material, why do they have to change character's races in movies or the comics? There are black characters in comics, and if they don't feel like these characters are good enough, maybe they should come up with some new, original, and better characters. I would like to see a Black Panther, or Luke Cage movie.',1
'Um not even words just ????????????????????  ​  But the creepiest part was.....oh wait it was just weird',1
'I've noticed that a lot of Obamas' people can't spell very well. Just the way dear leader wants you. Good and dumb.',1
'That was not good "someone", but slightly funny.  Sorry people.  Serious people in here?',1
'It sounds like a plausible union story. At one time unions served a purpose. Now they are just pigs at a trough.',1
'Another lame article from MSN and another lame question. Wonder what this person gets paid to think of this crap? wow',1
'I would be so devastated! My dog means the world to me.',1
'I'd slap my kid for being such a pussy but give him a pat on the back for making us very wealthy!',0
'If you're going to try to say something witty, you should at least have something witty.  Or at least intelligent. Your comment was just plain stupid.',1
'Uh-oh, happy will not be, Mr. Smithers. Yeah, I like Yoda's version better.',1
'Not much.',1
'dont know if its us or mother nature. but the poles have shrunk more in the last few years than ever before. cant believe you dont think we are killing ourselves by polluting our planet. and we are having a negative effect on the weather. there is more going on than weather cycles.',1
'aPhone?',1
'You argue like a democrat. Lack of intelligence really shows in print.',1
'A frog wearing a tu-tu.',1
'Sure Hope Romney looses,  If Not Everyone that's Not Rich BEND OVER and Provide Your Own Condoms.   Those who are Rich  Ya Don't Need One.',1
'What is this world coming to. These extremists in charge must be hug deprived.  Ah, just let them carry guns instead.',1
'This is actually a picture I took of my DAUGHTER, before her hair grew, while she was playing on the house phone.  Someone stole this from me over a year ago and has obviously made Meme's of it.',1
'"put all of his faith in a massive marble crucifix, praying to it every day" ... give me a break MSN.  Catholics don't put faith in an icon, or pray TO it.  Good lord, another ridiculous assumption.  How about having someone who actually understands the 2000 year old faith write the article?',1
'HEY CADESCHU!  THANKS FOR THE COMMENT I WAS WONDERING MYSELF ABOUT THAT.',1
'LOL, the German Shepherd should be in the movies. Bear the Wonder Dog (my Aussie Shepherd) does great tricks ... like "eat" and "sleep".  Doesn't even need commands.',1
'All very well.   But by retiring in Mexico, the dollars go even further.  And it helps to learn to speak Spanish.  Hola!',1
'@ Silly - You mena the wealth that I earned?  The wealth that the Dums, I mean dems, are trying to take away from me?  \r\n \r\nYou doggone skippy I want to keep it !! !',1
'Yea but if you just keep changing seat one term Dumbocrat and the next Republick nothing with change. Because both major parties are the same, that is why the hope and change of 08. Really feel like papa bush's 6th term, casue it is. Vote them out try the Libertarin Party, as a former member of one of the above.',1
'Telling Democrats to get out of the way of progress?!?!?!?!? You mean the "party like it's 1899" conservatives are actually in favor of progress? You are either high as a kite, or as dumb as a box of rocks. Do yourself a favor and quit while you're behind.',1
'They last for a minimum of 10 years.  Do the math.',1
'Yes, I believe labor unions have by and large out-lived their usefulness and role. Big Union is just as corrupt as Big Government and Big Corporation. \r\n  \r\nAnd there is ample evidence to demonstrate the Democratic Party has always kow-towed to the unions.',1
'"Dude...who's  got the CHEETOS??"',1
'Republicans love this. They love to support businesses who outsource labor to third world countries.  Instead of paying adults minimum wage here in America, they can force young children to work at gunpoint in other countries. And the diamond trade is even worse than this. Its all about corporate greed and profits.',0
'I had to Google it too. Cute. :)',0
'WOW! My heart goes out to those people! On top of everything else they have to wait in the longest lines I've ever seen! Makes the longest line at my grocer look like nothing....I will bring these images to mind next time I have to wait in a 10 person line and I'm getting impatient! Puts it all in perspective.',1
'Yes I know exactly what it is you are saying....and yes RTP is one professional victim...it's kind of sad.  I don't see Deem as a bible thumper myself....but then again I don't follow his postings as he changes screen names quite often.  I have to admit that I have seen very sweet postings coming from him though, as I beleive he does have a heart and just chooses not to show it!!  The one in Nash I have ZERO use for...total loud mouthed self centered woman hating individual who hates the world, not to mention a HUGE homophobe!!!  Poop head I have ZERO use for as well a broken down bigot who thinks he is still in his prime and as dumb as a bag of rocks....and yes, if yiou watch closely you can tell who the troll is by their writing and wording.....Hey did you ever know the real Mikey Pinero?  As I know I am not Mikey but have been accused of being and I believe you are not Mikey but have been accused of being as well LOL',1
'Besides being so far off from glamorous, I think it's tacky:  total lack of appropriateness and a bit narcissistic..',1
'Interesting to hear a black womens perspective on the scene. I go to metal shows all the time with a black friend. No one has ever made a comment or remark (course we are both 6'2 290 lifters). He always mentions the lack of black people at shows so it is a game where I point out the other black people(can't be the security guys either). If you like the music go!',1
'Something A  Lot Of People Don't Know (I Didn't) Is That If You Are 60 Years Old And Your Spouse Dies ( I Have Lost Two Spouses-One In Car Accident and The Last In July 31 2005 From Cancer. When I Went To Pick Up Her Death Benefit ($255.00) I Was Made Aware Of This By The Agent Assisting Me With The Death Payment. I Was 59 at that Time (September 2005) And Would Turn 60 in November. She Told Me She Had Checked Both Spouses Work Records and That The One That Died In The Car Accident ( Hit Head-On By A Teen Age Drunk Driver on Her Way To Work ) Had Made More Money (Paid In More To S.S.) Than The One That Died From Cancer. Thus She Would Base My Benefits on The One That Had Paid In The Most. When I Turned Sixty I Started Receiving S.S. I Had Retired In 2000 and Was Receiving A Small Pension and Had To Work To Supplement The Pension. With The S.S Check and My Pension I Was Able To Retire Completely. I Received The S.S. Until I Turned Sixty-Two an Started Drawing My Full S.S. Pension. I Told a Friend That Had Lost Her Husband and Applied For This And Received A Nice Check (Back Pay)  Which She Gave To Her Church Youth Group, Which She Financed A Two Week Tour of The Real Holy Land For 22 Children and  5 Chaperones.',0
'Quite a gaggle of Liberal Looneytoons, blathering just as the Koolaid-drinking fools you are. You people slay me, looking for the forest but failing to see the trees. You follow the spewing out of pretend "facts" from whichever clueless leader happens to catch your attention for the day, and stand numbed to common sense.',1
'Missionary postition porn with closet cases who needs viagra to be with their own wife?',1
'As the retailers said - they will be adding 300k+ holiday workers. \r\n I hear that 2 states are missing this time from the unemployment numbers - Is that true?',1
'Gee what a mythical spin unemployment rose and it is ignored by the liberal media as usual.  When it fell last month it was big news and proof of Obamanomics is working.',1
'" Hey you elected me , so you got what you voted for , NOTHING."',1
'Then explain why manufacturing jobs have had positive growth for the last 5 months??????? \r\n Moron',1
'Absolutely. This hotel owner has his head in the right place. Too bad for New York that Mayor Bloomberg has his head up his a$$. He should be more worried about the displaced and desperate citizens of his city than hosting a marathon less than a week after a natural disaster. This decision is on par with his brlliant 16 ounce beverage rule to combat obesity. What a delusional prick.',1
'MY KITTY IS THE CUTEST OF ALL,SHE'S A REAL SWEETHEART',1
'Yankees SUCK.',1
'MSN you are tasteless',1
'I too live where I can look out my window and see the surf / fishing /diving conditions along the ocean. The view is spectacular, neighbors are great, and there is nothing better than watching that sun rise every morning with that first cup of coffee. HOWEVER- My windstorm & flood insurance are very expensive, and that's on top of my regular home owners insurance. I have metal, roll down shutters that seal up the house but again, they're very expensive. If you want to live on the coast, or near it, you have to invest or buy those things to protect your property & your life. When the  victims of Sandy rebuild, and they will, they should consider all of these important to maintain their lifestyle.  \r\nHere in Florida, we are well seasoned in hurricane preparation and if anyone would like some advice, just ask .',1
'I don't know what's going on with fashion these days, but I go shopping and come home empty handed. Haven't seen anything fresh, new or even a great classic in along time.',1
'omama did not give a good deal to chrysler like he did GM. \r\nchrysler was ordered to sell..and fiat gave chrysler the best offer; what could they do?? \r\nfiat is creating jobs here. \r\nthe government loan is payed off thanks to fiat. \r\nGM was supposed to sell hummer, opel, saab, (screwed spyker on the deal), pontiac, and saturn...ect. GM would NOT sell anything like they where supposed to do. they (omama) sold half the stocks at half price and now there down while still holding the other half, they would have to get close to 100 dollars for them to come close to breaking even. \r\nomama screwed americans with his GM deal. \r\nthey could have did exactly like ford did with out a bail out. and could have sold GM to fiat or who ever and no american jobs lost. \r\npeople should be very, very, pleased with what fiat/chrysler has accomplished so far! \r\n(no romneys campain staff didn't really lie here. i can see how some people like iacocca and (gates or trump?) could be upset about fiat buying chrysler after there failed agressive hostile take over attempt of chrysler that was the beginning of the cause of chryslers problems. they had to turn to daimler.)',1
'The dry cleaners called... your Nazi uniform is ready.',1
'Me darling? No, maybe it's you in desperate need of changing? My diaper past is clean as a whistle.',1
'Get the Hut clean, Im coming home to Keyna .. Ive had enough of these American ****s',1
'Death and politics are out there, just look a bit harder.',1
'I worked for a Bud distributor about 15 years ago. They really started to treat their people like crap. I went there because of the good reputation they had for taking care of their employees but I got there to late. It turned out to be the worst place that I have worked. I didn't stay long. Another American company out of Americans control. It used to be People and Profits then it became only Profits and to hell with workers.',1
'oh and btw in your own words you only speak one language. So these demands by foriegners to learn their language must fall on deaf ears Especially since you can only speak one....',1
'Forget givin it another name just ban the iphone in Mexico indefinite period..!!!! Its not ok for Apple to infringe/steal from another company in there Country and still try to profit there...!!! So a big middle finger to Steve Job's.. U crooked Bastard..!!!!',1
'If you guys can try 12 and 14 year old as adults and send them to prison in adult prison, why can't a 16 year old have the ability to make a choice on who to vote?  Let them vote . . . I am in favor.',1
'odumbo watched them die  stupid   wish you would have been there   You never served in the military   just run your mouth',1
'AMEN!',1
'This is exactly why parents should check all their kids candy.  Just because it's normal to get candy from strangers on Halloween people seem to forget that the psycho's aren't going to take a break from being psycho. \r\n I think the strangest thing I've ever gotten was from the dentist.  He used to hand out tooth-brushes and floss lol.',0
'Best way to avoid a ticket...drive safely.  Works 100% of the time.',1
'A terrible day for Metal fans everywhere, so sad ....Feel horrible for his family, friends, & band mates, especially Mark, who I had the privilege to know and party with many times...R.I.P. Mitch , you will be missed.....1984-2012  ​',1
'Here's why: To Improve Prompt Service.',1
'Must be REpublics only post here  not surprised tenth post and they all seem to vanish lol I Love you guys heheheheheheh the old out of sight out of mind game   hehehehehehehe',1
'Never...but there were times I wish I had a pair of them UGGlies! They're not something most people buying as gifts for me. I sure ain't buying my own pair. Besides,  I have not the desire to try on several pairs... in the full view of shopping public! Unless I follow some hot looking 'Snow Bunnie' into a Ugg Boot Shop... getting herself another pair for the slopes during the next Ski Season! ;)',1
'No.',1
'This insults our intelligence and wastes countless amounts of people's time. Shame on you idiots at MSN, seriously. Next you'll be us showing how to save money by simply not spending it. Duh.',1
'yes-it's just a matter of time-once a slut always a slut. the quetion will be--with whom did she make the sex tape??!?? only time will tell.\r\nagain--what a slut.',1
'For some reason, I always believe that late teens and early 20s kids share the same brain.  When news spreads of someone dressing like Hitler or KKK and they shouldn't have, especially due to public outcry, wouldn't it stand to reason for others not to dress in a disrespectful or mocking manner also?  Geez, I dispare for us the older generation cause these idiots are suppose to be our future.  God help us all!!',1
'So proud to be a human being...............  ​',1
'I think sales are down because it is so easy to find fake Uggs that are less than half the cost.',1
'He did, but no worries CK give me a second I'll copy and paste if for you......it was obnoxious....be right back',1
'Go ahead... I dare you.... They're just going to laugh in your face.....Hahahahahah  ​ a',0
'my emu's are made in australia!',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'Yes she is hot, but she wasn't all that great in the sack.',1
'Milt wouldn't like that too much.',0
'If the woman only had $140, then she had two options.  Spend $116 on the food and tip the waitstaff, or buy groceries and eat at home.  Using the single mom excuse is no excuse for being gauche, cheap and declasse.',1
'Or perhaps one day men won't have it made when women realize it's better to be single and stay that way.  I'd much rather have money than a man.  And you may just end up cutting off your supposedly large member and eating it when you find yourself homeless and starving, Offthedole.',1
'dear asinine partisan hack....buddadon, YOU are the problem in America today. You divide, point blame and generalyl run your mouth about **** that you know nothing about...  \r\n here is a simple test... who is your local mayor and city board members names? my bet is you do not have a clue...and i bet not a clue about national politics either...you are just a liberal partisan hack with your ****ing hand out...',1
'love this show.  I drive my husband nuts.. He'll say you've seen this one.  I tell him I like the cast and enjoy the charaters..  Even repeats are better than a lot of the other shows...',1
'No.  And, after the 2008 election regarding my state, i don't even trust that my ballot will be counted correctly.',1
'Someone forgot to tell her she's not really that pretty and her outfits look like they came from K-mart.',1
'That monster above is a "Beholder" Yes I am a D&D nerd.',1
'I would have to agree with some of these comment's about COUNTRY MUSIC is just not \r\ncountry music anymore we do need more REBA and GEORGE STRAIT the JUDDS etc. etc. \r\ndon't get me wrong I listen to all kinds of music but I was born and raised COUNTRY and country music is my one of my favorites and I listen to POP music and what do you know I hear female country singers crossing over into the pop station's. Country Music stays COUNTRY Station's. (if its COUNTRY)....',1
'Today, Nov 1st, The Last Democratic President Bill Clinton is out on the road campaigning for President Obama.. \r\n Today, Nov 1st, The Last Republican President George W. Bush is in the Cayman Islands....He is the Keynote Speaker at the Cayman Alternate Investment Summit...  A Summit to learn how to offshore your investments to avoid paying American taxes...\r\n \r\n That's says it ALL FOLKS.............Ho  ​ w anyone except Wall Street and the Owners, , could vote for Myth Robme is amazing.......And even the Wall Street and the Owners that do this are not the type of Americans we need in this country......Traitor  ​ s in my opinion....  Just inspires me to pay my fair share....',1
'Congratulations, you've fulfilled the "or" part of the statement.  When a party puts together it's platform, it's speaking for all the members, setting a course to say "This is what we stand for."  If the party platform doesn't speak for people standing on it, they need to draw that distinction. \r\n  \r\nI keep talking about the platforms because one of the planks of the GOP's party platform is making abortion illegal in ALL cases.  That means regardless of rape or incest, would need to carry to term. \r\n  \r\n"Faithful to the "self-evident" truths enshrined in the Declaration of Independence, we assert the sanctity of human life and affirm that the unborn child has a fundamental individual right to life which cannot be infringed. We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to unborn children"',1
'Here's the best-kept secret for avoid tickets... DRIVE LEGALLY FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIVES.',1
'let the war begin   my only hope is to meet you !',0
'I have never worn a pair, not even a fake pair! lol \r\nI always thought they were the ugliest things!  \r\nGood riddance I say!!',1
'Well for openers in 1,000,000 B.C. all Turtle herding was banned! \r\n \r\nYou know it was the same time Fur Bikini's were the latest craze!\r\n \r\nAll world class Turtle researchers have seen Racquel Welch in this ''timeless piece'' therefore ad no idea it was possible.',1
'Leathal Injection is too good for this POS',1
'Ugg's, The most Funk'iest things that women can wear!!!',1
'It is incompehensible how anyone could make that analogy. It is also an affront to everyone who is suffering the after-effects of Sandy and those looking at an incoming snow storm. So out of touch with the reality of the country and the world.\r\nOh yes, he was going to be right in the thick of it, doing whatever needed during Sandy. Well-placed in a swing state not really in harm's way or helping.',1
'Another inter-breed idiot of the circle over there.',1
'My experience in NYC was much the same.  Some guests in the hotel we reserved decided to stay another day and there weren't extra rooms available.  We were told that the rule in NYC is that current guests cannot be displaced by new guests even though the new guests have a reservation.  It is not the hotel's choice.  So the hotel put us into another hotel near the airport with cash for cab fare to and from Manhattan until our room was available.\r\n \r\nIf Sandy refugees are giving up their hotel rooms to runners, it is probable that they have other options or don't know or haven't been told the rule.',1
'You are 100% correct!!!! We flew Spirit and our flight was $300.00 cheaper than Southwest for 2 round trip tickets...Yes, you have to be careful on Spirit because they charge for EVERYTHING, but they don't hide the charges and you get to choose what you want in services... You know where your money is going...',1
'It amazes me your parents still let you on the internet. It makes me smile to watch you make a greater and greater fool of yourself every time you post. Good work kid! Keep it up!',1
'Could be true, but probably not. Either way, the one thing that is true, is the fact that the livelihoods of those in New Jersey is much better than many other states. The single most reason for this, is the fact that unions are prominent in this area. Those expressing hatred towards a group of organized workers for having better living standards than those who are not organized, can only blame themselves, and the Republican leaders that they elect ( the South especially) Shame On You!!! You'll not destroy my standard of living.',1
'They don't do things all that differently down under!!  When I was in the 7th grade, I got a detention for daring a classmate to hug another!  Swear to God!  ...the rule was idiotic then, and it still is now!',1
'iLost',1
'Nah, that makes too much sense.  Never get a government bureaucracy to go for it...',1
'IF IT'S OUT THERE IT WILL.MAYBE THAT WAY SHE CAN BE FAMOUS FOR SOMETHING I GET THE FEELING SHE DOSEN'T MUCH LIKE SEX, I THINK SHE THINKS SHES ABOVE IT',1
'I spend $100 a week on a family of 10 and Ive never stiffed the staff, if it was bad service i complain and switch servers rather then deal with crappy service so stiffing to me is always an excuse some cheapo's find.',1
'The state of Virginia doesn't care if you're man, woman, or child - if you have an out of state tag especially, you are getting a ticket whether you were speeding or not.  Because of their bull crap I am paying $300 more annually on my insurance.  I wouldn't feel so bad if I had been speeding.  My 11 year old car can't get out of its own way after stopping.  They pulled me over and said I was doing 50 in a 35.  WTH?  I couldn't go 0-50 in 80 yards if I tried.  I did not argue with them but I was going to get the ticket anyway, so why bother?    Such abuse of power!',1
'No I hear ya IR. Deemed. I made the same point when calling out RTP and how he would run under the skirt of Deemed, RT and Popa, but then not have the juevos to keep his posts. Mainly because he then found it hard to play the victim when you have such vile posts. The first three just don't care. They live for the hate.\r\n\r\nHow I see it:\r\nDeemed=Uneducated Bible Thumping Aryan, RT=Angry little man who has lost being on the cusp of being someone, Popa G= Forgotten Drunk who is watching life passing him by and RTP/MP/GG= all the above + so bleeping desperate for human contact he'll say and try to be anything to be noticed.\r\n\r\nIt's easy to see their sub-characters because either they reflect they're believes to a tee or they are over the top opposites that slip every now and then. When people ignore them they fight against themselves. Literally against themselves.',1
'Nitt Witt Mitt talking stupid again.',1
'liar  it's 14 , and when was the last time MASS. went repub in a presidential ?',0
'The prices quoted in the article are insane by Texas standards. Many old homes are given away to make room for new construction. With permits & escort the price to move a house a fairly short distance rarely exceeds $15,000.00. Cutting loose the plumbing, HVAC & electrical is something the owner should arrange himself. None of this is a big deal, & can be handled as a service call. Same with hooking back up on the other end.No reason to let the mover arrange that & double or triple what he is charged. If the house is to be set on blocks, it simplifies matters enormously. And I prefer that, as poured foundations are super expensive to repair if settling is an issue. Pier & beam is pretty straightforward and  repairs can be handled by a handy homeowner with a couple of friends & some rental jacks. Like anywhere else, the price of lots varies by huge margins. But $50,000.00 total is not out of the question for an old home on a new lot. 65 to 70 is probably a more reasonable target range for most. You don't want to live in the ghetto.',1
'No, he offered to clean it.  Clean at your own risk, and maybe he should have checked to see if the crucifix was stable.',1
'Maximum profit is the name of the game; nothing else matters. Nothing new here.',1
'No, they are the ugliest boots I've ever seen',1
'The ring is like the wedding, both much less important than the marriage itself.  If you MUST have a super-expensive ring, you have set a precedent for the rest of the marriage that superficial things are more important to you than things of real substance.  My wife told me she thought diamonds were boring, and that she wanted a sapphire instead, which saved us a lot of money.  I have always loved her for that.',1
'Same as always..comment without knowing the whole story\r\nWhat about Obama's speech at the Red cross.. where he stated "I wont leave a man behind"\r\n\r\n\r\nTell that to the families of the ambassador and our service men in Libya who died after requesting aid..only to be ignored',1
'I think Miley is pretty hot, but if you actually watch the video she doesn't make out with a unicorn, she pretends to make out with a guy wearing a unicorn mask.\r\n\r\nResponsibility is lost in journalism.',1
'It all comes down to understanding you vehicle's running. Some you have to have a light foot when accelerating others not so much. Some save more gas at different cruising speeds. It depends on the vehicle and driver.\r\n\r\nPeople who dash from stop light to stop light or stop sign, people who pass a lot of times will get lower gas mileage then us that don't do that.',1
'Left a penny once!',1
'um, because they own the website....',1
'I'm a retired Station Mgr. for the Postal Service and I can tell you that the unions cost the Postal Service millions of dollars each and every year in silly grievances and contractual obligations that are as out dated as the model T.  They are not the total reason for the perils of the financially strapped govt. agency but they are of part of the problem and pretend to be part of the solution.  Real sad.',1
'take off your clothes before i made a comment',1
'super glue',1
'Mr. Burns' endorsement pitch \r\n  \r\nTop Five Worst Obamacare Taxes Coming in 2013, out of 20 tax increases as part of Obamacare.  \r\nNancy would not let anyone read it until it was voted on. \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medical Device Tax – a $20 billion tax increase: Medical device manufacturers employ 409,000 people in 12,000 plants across the country. Obamacare imposes a new 2.3 percent excise tax on gross sales  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Special Needs Kids Tax” – a $13 billion tax increase: The 30-35 million Americans who use a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) at work to pay for their family’s basic medical needs will face a new government cap of $2,500 (currently the accounts are unlimited under federal law, though employers are allowed to set a cap).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Surtax on Investment Income – a $123 billion tax increase: This is a new, 3.8 percentage point surtax on investment income earned in households making at least $250,000 ($200,000 single).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Haircut” for Medical Itemized Deductions – a $15.2 billion tax increase: Currently, those Americans facing high medical expenses are allowed a deduction to the extent that those expenses exceed 7.5 percent of adjusted gross income (AGI). This tax increase imposes a threshold of 10 percent of AGI. By limiting this deduction, Obamacare widens the net of taxable income for the sickest Americans.  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medicare Payroll Tax Hike -- an $86.8 billion tax increase: The Medicare payroll tax is currently 2.9 percent on all wages and self-employment profits. Under this tax hike, wages and profits exceeding $200,000 ($250,000 in the case of married couples) will face a 3.8 percent rate instead. This is a direct marginal income tax hike on small business owners, who are liable for self-employment tax in most cases.  \r\n\r\n \r\n23 million out of work. 46.7 million food stamp recipients. Fewer Americans working today than Jan 2008. 16 TRILLION deficit. Obama gotta go!!',1
'my prayers go out to all those who suffer due to hurricane sandy!!',1
'So you're a douchebag and a witty prick on the internet, huh? I bet that confidence translates well into the real world.',0
'mensal, I can't like your comment because you were parted by death, but I give you a wholehearted congrats to what you did have.  My hat is off to you.',1
'Where is this guy?? Coke ain't cheap & someone's giving it away?? I wish I lived in that neighborhood I would have been changing my costume & hitting that house over & over.',1
'Rather than not tipping, wouldn't it be more effective to alert the manager to it so he or she can address it?',1
'Where is the rest of him?',1
'torino joe \r\n  \r\nMoron, they have recording of the union PUKES yelling at the working from down south.',1
'Laurel, you would only be happy if Osama was your husband and you were blowing him every night',0
'Ha!, some people are in denial.  You can put money on Romney if you want... damned good payouts if he wins - pay $3.33 to win $10 if he wins, millions of dollars invested there at intrade. \r\n Put your money on it, I dare you!',1
'Are you better off today than four years ago before B.O.'s 2008 Hope and Change \r\n$4500 loss in personal net worth \r\n23 million out of work \r\nfrom 23 million to 46.7 million food stamp recipients  \r\nfrom 4 trillion to $16 TRILLION deficit spending just 3 ½ yrs \r\n20 new taxes as a result of ObamaCare \r\nFewer Americans working today than Jan 2008 \r\nNo foreign policies, US Ambassador and staff under attack ask for help, denied and murdered \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nWashington D.C. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man B.O.OB 2012 R & R \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nVOTE Romney/Ryan 2012 Tell Your Friends',0
'hookers and blow!!!',0
'Then you'll get poor service.',1
'That was the beauty of it, I hardly tried and look how upset you are cussing me out and calling me all these names. As I said before, I was only doing what you asked and as for the girl, how do you know I "shamed" her in to taking it down? Maybe I just reminded her that 99% of the users on here don't use pictures of themselves seeing how relentless and angry some people are (e.g. you). All that aside, it was constructive criticism, did you not even read the last sentence? The reading comprehension skills of my "fans" are impeccable......',1
'@ SuperBeast.........C  ​ learly, the idea that Hitler was a Rightist is probably the most successful BIG LIE of the 20th Century. He was to the Right of the Communists but that is all. Nazism was nothing more nor less than a racist form of Leftism (rather extreme Leftism at that) and to label it as "Rightist" or anything else is to deny reality. \r\n\r\n The word "Nazi" is a German abbreviation of the name of Hitler's political party -- the Nazionalsozialistisc  ​ he Deutsche Arbeiter Partei. In English this translates to "The National Socialist German Worker's Party". So Hitler was a socialist and a champion of the workers -- or at least he identified himself as such and campaigned as such. \r\n\r\n There is a great deal of further reading available that extends the points made here about the nature of Nazism and Fascism. There is, for instance, an interesting review by Prof. Antony Flew of The Lost Literature of Socialism by historian George Watson. Excerpt: \r\n\r\n\r\nMany of his findings are astonishing. Perhaps for readers today the most astonishing of all is that "In the European century that began in the 1840s, from Engels' article of 1849 down to the death of Hitler, everyone who advocated genocide called himself a socialist and no conservative, liberal, anarchist or independent did anything of the kind." (The term "genocide" in Watson's usage is not confined to the extermination only of races or of ethnic groups, but embraces also the liquidation of such other complete human categories as "enemies of the people" and "the Kulaks as a class.")',0
'i partied as a teen then grew up and got a job...how old is she now?get a grip unless u wanna die poor',1
'sharp   dego  esta puto',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker man! They met via [ seek add riders] it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other.  if you are interested in it, just check it out. ',0
'Seriously, the sequence of events that led to his being found out could land this idjit on "World's Dumbest Criminals".',1
'I'm sure it does. He probably had flashbacks with birthing scenes every time he saw her vagina. It's not his fault, it's just the way some people are. He should definately not be in there again if she has another one. Some things should be left a mystery. Lets face it, it's not an attractive visual. He's not a "jerk husband" msn, he's just being honest. Lay off!',1
'You mean Reds like socialists ...right? I agree',1
'Mitt Romney is like Sarah Palin -- only with a tie and too many lies to list.',1
'"mmmmmm mmmmmm peanut butta n crrack sandwich!"',1
'that should have been 15%, 20%',1
'I challenge Larry Flint to have a wrestling match with Steven Hawking!',1
'I think this is a retread of a previous promotion.. Still may indulge anyway.',1
'what a bunch of idiots that occupy this once great country.  we are finished thanks to you freeloaders.',1
'Seriously New York, come together not kill each other!  I thought we were strong but this violence and cutting line nonsense is childishly foolish!!',1
'I really like her, but she really killed it with her "I won't let myself go physically now that I'm a mom" thing. Well, I know she is new to the whole mom thing. but moms do not "let themselves go" simply because a child exists in thier home. Mainly it is because they endured the physical brunt of bearing the child, and the full time, no relief from a nanny parenting of a demanding human that restricts to a large degree every single aspect of your life..most notably showering, hair and make up and sleep. Also, all though I do not condone teen pregnancy, the statement made by an adult, grown, rich woman who can not concieve comparing her maturity level and understanding of a young, scared, emotionally and psychologically immature person facing an unplanned pregnancy and responsibility they can neither comprehend nor handle adequately many times is a little ridiculous, also. She should probably keep her comments and focus on what she knows about..and teen pregnancy and overworked moms do not seem to be it.',1
'oh hell ya, im a rocket scientist and i drink a six\r\npack of beer a day. dont tell NASA.',1
'You have a great employer.  Hopefully he embarrassed the hell of the, um, woman.',1
'First I want to state I am a union worker. Now that is off my chest.  \r\n  \r\nHere is a POINT American Tax paying citizens. \r\n  \r\nHow much of your, mine, and who knows anyone elses TAX DOLLARS do we GIVE to other Nations when they expierence a disaster? HOW MUCH of the United States TAX dollars do we give? \r\n  \r\nNow we have another disaster here in our homeland right! \r\n  \r\nHow much aid is being given to the United States of America from ANY other nation to help us at this time? \r\n  \r\nCan anyone tell me? \r\n  \r\nJust wondering.',1
'Metal, I think you need to put in parenthesis that you're joking and that it's an on going joke. *sigh* You're pretty close to being politically incorrect! Auughhhhhh!',0
'If we don't vote for him we will be accused of racism.  If we don't elect him there are many who will say racism is the only reason the anointed one isn't running (ruining) the country.  I call ****.',1
'I enjoyed this article.',1
'That's was a big No No...But Maybe when NY gets the next big blizzard she could do a Bikini spread.',1
'The only good thing about your posts is that you give the Republican party a black eye and turn voters away from your cause.  Other than that, you're a cancer in this forum.',1
'Do like plaid and greasy bear meat?',0
'Finnish Welfare \r\n My unemployment check per month 500 € = 643 $ My mentally ill girlfriend's pension per month 700 € = 901 $ Our total "income" per month 1200 € = 1545 $ Go Finland Young Bum! On other hand : Full tank of fuel ( 40 litre or 10.5 gallons) 70 € = 90 $',1
'WTF......you can fix stupid........',1
'Would you like to see more positive press,Ok here goes. \r\n  \r\n  \r\nD.C. Ho Done \r\n\r\n \r\nGonna vote Obama outta there. \r\nBooyah, booyah \r\nGonna send him packing on that day \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nAll he can do is lie all day \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nAll the Booyah niiiiiiiiite,  \r\nall the Booyah daaaaaaaaaaay. \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nWe don't need a socialist \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nNo help at all creating jobs \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nVOTE Romney/Ryan 2012 Tell Your Friends',1
'I'd like to think that God had a hand in this....I call it "divine intervention" for the stupid.',0
'What a CU*T, I hope the BITCH gets a deadly STD ! ! !',1
'sbcheekjr-\r\nHow do you figure Hershey has NOTHING to do with it? So if I speed down the road doing 100 mph in a 55 mph zone, it's not my fault. I can blame the car for going that fast??? You ignorant dumb a$$! They have to follow the SAME laws that every other company have to follow. It's called responsibility. It may support a good cause here, but still supports putting a childs life in danger over there. Grow a brain stem JR!',0
'Not pregnant.. read the source.. but not your fault MSN can't get their facts straight.',1
'Style over substance... What our society values most...',1
'still looking for them Romney jobs he made ? Name just one Mitt Witts..',1
'No, we are an over litigious society and now nothing can happen to anyone regardless of where it happens without suing and blaming the other party..ridiculous.',1
'I think men are turned off by the unnatural process of birth that women go through today, and to be honest, and not to be insulting, I don't blame them in the least. When birth is done right (by this I mean non clinical and intervention free) it gives a man a completely different perspective. I know this from experience.',1
'to stupid for words',1
'The percentage to save is also based on what you expect your investments to earn in real terms. Therefore, I think the more relevant questions are: \r\n  \r\n - Where can I save to even get a return after taxes equal to inflation, which doesn’t expose me to ridiculously intolerable risk?  \r\n  \r\n-  Where can I save to simply preserve the purchasing power of my money risk free?  \r\n-  Is that really too much to ask from the financial industry? \r\n  \r\nI know that Fidelity and Vanguard do their best to provide answers to these questions. But, I suspect the true answers today, thanks to the policies and practices of the Fed and Wall street are: nowhere, nowhere, and yes.',1
'After raising your children in an "anything goes, if it feels good do it, you are special" society for four decades........what did you expext the result to be??',1
'WHAT? a marine with anger management issues, poor judgement and criminal tendencies?          STOP THE PRESSES!',1
'what is a "higher level of education"? It is not the same as making more oney.',1
'Another way to get re-elected it seems.',1
'I hate the thought of winter coming.............',1
'the best way to beat a ticket is to be a hot blonde woman',1
'Yes a stronger, better USA... Fire '57 States' and 2500+ more of his socialist Donkey henchmen!     \r\n End their rein of terror on the middle class!',1
'Totally agree with Dan - total BS. I have made well over 70k per year for last 15 years. I have never saved less that 11% per year into 401k, and most years 12%. And I am only at $300k, and I know about investing.... Fish story',1
'I don't see any apparent glamorous or glamour in the picks, appearing too old to be a model and choosing a bad backdrop for publicity.  But I guess for them to even get responses on this blog is their 5 minutes of fame.',1
'Hating on me will get you nowhere.  Be a cutie and do a Scootie !',1
'I remember Schlitz.  Do you remember Hamm's beer?',1
'Not only would I like to see more positive press coverage, I'd like to see unbiased coverage. While I'm dreaming, I'd also like to see/hear only political ads telling what the candidate can do for you instead of saying "vote for me because the other guy is bad".',1
'There's always a future for her in internet porn.',1
'And "which" BALANCED TRUTH will show up on FOX this time ??\r\n \r\nYou thought that was SOOOOOooooo Intelligent, you posted it THREE TIMES ???',1
'Sean Bailey of Queens, N.Y...sounds american like you two racist pr,icks.',1
'How ****ing stupid are people, really!',1
'This lady is sick and thinks people OWE her something, well, sweety, wake the hell up, you take a job for a salary, if you do not perform correctly, then out you should go. BUT WHY TAKE IT OUT ON THE CHILDREN? Hope they give you the chair, and I'm not referring to the Queen's chair either......',1
'They found them in the last place they looked!',1
'Don't worry, I'm a corrupt Chicago politician....it will go my way.',1
'One can only wish...',1
'Also to avoid being harassed when you walk into the Apple store, avoid making iContact.',1
'Laurel, no need talking to (NOT) all-that....he is delusional and makes up screen names just so he can get a few thumbs up......he only wishes he had seven different people he could watch....his boy friend from Nash up and left him and  he's been beside himself since that happened......run along all-twat don't you have a klan meeting to attend....by the way tell your 'best friend' George Class i said to kiss my A$$ and the absolute best to your wife, along with my deepest sympathy for being stuck with you......',1
'human right has nothing to do with GAY marriage. Stop masquerading gay right with human or civil right. It is a lie. your word game will not work.',1
'Do U wanna find your special one easier and more effective??  \r\nPlease check out 【  séékr¡dérs  】 where you can meet the biker singles. What are you waiting for? Find your biker partner NOW! ',0
'I do not know why anyone would turn the tv on for 2 hours , then complain that it ia not country anymore. Turn it over or off. and know like everything else country music is changing. no one sounds like old Hank sr. anymore. Sad but true. Remember the day when no one carried a phone in their pocket. times are changing my friends.',1
'Daily effort to share and accomodate each other's dreams..',1
'all the time...i have at least 6 different pairs',1
'Just as with abortion, it's the lady's choice.  All I ask is they be responsible, no matter the decision.',1
'i',1
'Smoke and drink that way you don't have to worry about retiring.',1
'Spelling must be a lost art, too. It's "grammar."\r\n(Use your spell check!)',1
'To be evil, the deitiy would have to be real.',1
'Obama's plan for moving Forward; \r\n Barry, we've got it!      Everyone works Part Time!        Unemployment near ZERO!!!!!!! \r\n Nevermind that Underemployment, Welfare, and Food Stamps will be near 100%. That doesn't count towards Unemployment numbers!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!! \r\n Obama;  "Look...............  ​ ....................  ​ .......... Make it happen..............  ​ .........."',0
'He was mad because it wasn't a boy.. You only get one shot at making babies in China.  This was his OUT so he could try again with another woman.',1
'Wow...It's not like Republicans to make up their own facts.',1
'The govenor should issue an order that any and all professional help will be welcomed and anyone who stands in their way or discourages them will be arrested for interfering with governmental operation (getting the state back on its feet by any legal means possible).  Of course if the union goon squad actually breaks any other laws, book them for those as well butthe unions standing in the way of legitimate help to the victims shows the unions true interests in the victims and the welfare of the community at large.  Personally I wouldn't give you a rats **** for all the unions out there as they are no longer beneficial to anyone except the union leaders and the politicians they purchase.',1
'I hope the receipt poster wasn't a single parent. That would be terrible.',1
'I hate it that Charley left the show!. Wish he were back. But he should have been replaced by John Stamos, or at least have Ashton Kutcher TRY to keep the character alive. But he if completely different from Charley. He is very very childish. Charley was a womanizer, a drunk without a care in the world. This is how Ashton's character should have been also ! What a waste !',1
'"One man one vote"?  What in thee hell does that have to do with the fact that she wore a shirt telling people how to vote, to an election sight?\r\n \r\nGoodness.  And, believe me, I even (fully, absolutely, fervently) support the National Public Vote bill... but, that issue is not in any way, shape or form what this t-shirt business is about.',1
'His public like's him stupid looking...... Pudding pop the jello',0
'Friends introduced us.  He started out nice, but became verbally abusive.  When you're 19, you get confused by this and don't realize, the abusive side to his personality is his real personality.  Some people seem to have a Jekyll & Hyde personality.  Watch out for those people.  When I was 19 I thought I could "educate" someone like that, reason with him, say stuff like, 'you know, those words are hurtful," etc.  Doesn't work.  He would promise to change, and would be nice, for a week, then start up with his crazy talk again.  He would drive down the street in his truck chanting, "Kill-kill-kill-kill  ​ ," for instance.  I would say, "Why do you talk that way?  What's wrong with you?"  "Nothin'.  I'm just a normal guy.  I'm a man.  I need to kill.  Men need to kill."  He would talk like that.  When you're 19, you think you can help people like that, you think you can reason with them, "fix them."  You can't fix people who are ike that.  Just get away.  Before it's too late. You can't fix abusive people.  They say the will be better, but don't wait around.',1
'No.  I prefer my Yuckk boots.',1
'Dictator wannabes and leftists want to lower the voting age as low as they can get the current electorate to go along with, because they provide cheaply purchased votes and are easy to lead around by the nose (due to lack of knowledge and/or experience, and/or an angst toward their parents, and/or inherent short-sightedness).  If you can lower the voting age to 10, an ice cream cone will buy his vote.  It's easy to think you can insist on this, that, and the other thing if you have never had to pay for anything yourself (e.g., a teenager). \r\n  \r\nThis woman is leading Argentina down the same path that took the country to bankruptcy and wide-spread poverty decades ago.  Obama is leading the USA down the same path.  You can't rip off the rich too long before they pack up and head for greener pastures (or at least move their money out of he country).  You can't print trillions of new dollars without eventually devaluing the existing dollars.  This leads to inflation that destroys the middle class (moving them into the poor class) and makes the rich into the filthy rich.  Since the USA is a lot stronger than Argentina, the latter will collapse first and you can get a piece of Argentina at bargain-basement prices yourself at that time if you set aside funds for it before it happens.  It will also be an object lesson on why you shouldn't have voted for Obama (if you do) in 2012, because you'll need to move to Argentina and help rebuild it upon principles of freedom and property rights to avoid the same catastrophe that you'll then be able to see coming upon the US.',1
'So you bought an undisclosed meth house, never knew it was a meth house until you had a contractor notice some "crackling" paint, you then had the house tested and still found no problems relating it to a meth house, yet you have come to the conclusion it was a Meth house? Can I visit your world for the day where whatever I make up is true?',1
'Get your buddy Alias out of the way, first, numbnuts.',1
'So no reply?',1
'Laurel....I hope you are getting good use from those food stamps',1
'Obama adds 23 Million illegals to the workforce at a time when unemployment amongst blacks and hispanics is at record levels.\r\nThis is fiscal wisdom?????????????',1
'(notice that he is on the phone)\r\n \r\n"yes,dear...."',1
'I dont  know for sure when they decided that some of the music we heard last night was country, but I guess that is why we have channels that play the oldies but goodies so that we don't forget what it should sound like. I think it was great that Blake received Entertainer of the year. I really could not stomach Taylor winning again when nothing she sings anymore is worth an award.. Miss Reba and Garth Brooks, Goerge Strait and all the ones from that time. But I also miss Loretta, Conway, Tanya, and all the ones from that time also. Thanks for letting us have somewhere to vent.',1
'',1
'Libeturds the single greatest threat to this great country!',1
'Well it is true.  Probably some of those baggies were confiscated and used... or sold!',1
'Wow I did not think you would end on a racist note, but you somehow managed to pull it off.  Bravo.',1
'Well Brutus25, it certainly isn't the out to lunch Romney who does not have a tight handle on what is going on in this country and overseas.  He is the biggest fraud ever to run for President.  He lies on a daily basis.  He has no backbone to stand up to extremists in his own party, refuses to distance himself from the moronic comments made by Mourduck of Indiana, refuses to release his tax returns beyond 2 years, refuses to reveal details about his 5 pt plan for lowering the deficit, turning around the economy and what deductions will be eliminated, would rather start World War III with Iran than negotiate, has no respect for the 47% of Americans, women, a womans right to choose, prefers to rub elbows with the rich, lied about all the auto worker jobs from Jeep going to China, lied about FEMA.  He lacks sincereity and even his smile is forced. \r\n  \r\nRomney is not ready for prime time.  It is now 24 days since he last talked the media and answered questions.  He is an empty suit, lacks backbone, a flip flopper, will say anything for a vote.  Romney wants to over turn Obamacare and yet it was the same plan he rolled out for Massachusetts.  Romney cannot be trusted period.  While at Bain, he was a ruthless corporate raider flipping companies for quick profits while outsourcing and firing thousands of workers.  We all know what corporate greed has done to this country and the working class.  He consulted with other companies how to outsource jobs to China.  He is not a friend of the working class.  The auto workers have filed an "Ethics Charge" against Romney while he was at Bain for a company they had a vested interest, Delphi Electronics that was involved in the auto bailout.  They want to know how much Romney pocketed as a result of the auto bailout?  It's time to push the radical GOP cronies and Romney to the curb.  Obama has the country on the right course and it would be disasturous for this country to turn it back to the failed policies of Bush and Reagan only this time around it will be 1000 times worse.',1
'To me, if you go to a voting place, especially the ones that are way ahead of the schedule, I doubt anyone will be be pursuaded by others! Me, I do it the old fashioned hassle free way! Mail in my ballot!! \r\n \r\nReally, on the day of the election, I think everyone should be allowed to wear whatever they want! If they hadn't made up their minds by then, phooey, let them not read any words on shirts! Haha',1
'USE, YOU IDIOT!!! DON'T USE DRUGS!',1
'good religious family oriented men don't have a lot to choose from these days.',1
'Wow Misty, that's the wisdom of a 12 year old...',1
'Eating a hershey kiss as I read this YUMMY  :)',1
'My youngest daughter at 16 took her savings to buy a pair ($160) about 8 years ago..the next day she regretted it.. I told her its called "buyers remorse" and the boots were made well, were/are very cool and would keep her feet warm in our Michigan winters.  She is now in her 5th year at a state college and still wears them in the snow to classes..Pay more and get quality.\r\n \r\nMaybe Uggs could do what CROCs did and re-invent but styles change and people often overlook quality for cost. Sad.',1
'You got to be f---king kidding me! probably a democratic snafu',0
'@Inbred Hitler: You talk about c0ck a lot. I'm sorry though. Again, i'm not gay and I don't need you to describe the "games" you play with your dad and uncle. Gross man.',1
'"I am gonna win this thing--let's go have a beer"',1
'Of course Laurel... you hope it came from a "right-wing rag".  By the way, you have used up you ration of the word douche.',1
'Because you essentially asked me to be. "Find somebody better to troll me than you..I like a challenge." Then you went in to a fit of rage and started name calling because you misinterpreted my post about the girl.',1
'If there is any truth to the story Obama, Bloomburg and Christy need to get on top of it quick.  With so many people freezing in the 20's and staving to the point of dumpster diving this news could start a riot.',1
'so instead of voteing republican or democrap why not vote for a green party or something  dems and repubs are corprate controlled dummies  like peanut and achmed on jeff dunhams arm  those little  parties mean nothing to corprate america why cause  they normaly lose the election . either witch way  we lose enless you vote for some one not endorsed by the 1% or paid for by the 1% im still voteing romney  dont need obama care can bearly afford health care as it is  with obama care i may drop my insurance period  go without  im only 32 y/o  i get sick once a year  yes i have health issues  but with current and futrue obama care i cant afford to get them fixed so i may not be here in 10 years to care any more',1
'What innocent people are we killing? I mean other than some civilians that dirt bags are hiding behind?',1
'LMAO CK...and look that little blue bird has followed us over here...how obvious this little fake pecker face keeps flying around any where we are at, what a coincidence huh?  Yes, I had somebody flat out ask me about him fighting with himself on line in order to gain sympathy and yes I witnessed it a few times myself.  What I find the most distrubing is that he INSTANTLY threw a woman's name into this mess stating she begged him to come on here and help her out....I find that to be a crock of $hit myself and I am quite sure if that particular woman gets wind of this nonsense she isn't going to be too happy about it.....again, a hero to all of us poor little women on here, what a hero he is!!!',1
'love montreal. the food,charm,pubs,and the country side of the LAURENTIONS are just not matched. still do not under stand why they say newyork is the greatest city,montreal by far is the beautillest city in north america. then travel west to VANCOUVER.',1
'Of course you do. Youre a f*cking d*ck. I would expect nothing less from a d*ck of your calibur.\r\n \r\nPS.\r\nYoure fat and live in a trailer. LOL',1
'Does MSN actually hava an editor? What an idiotic Question.',1
'For what it is worth, the best tippers are other servers.  Next comes truckers, bikers, and similar people.\r\namong hte worst?  church people and 'trophy wives'.  If you see church people or a couple 'high maintenance' females wearing big rocks on their hands, the tip will suck!   \r\nhow do I know?  friends that were servers when we were young, and I ask!    Sorry folks, it is what it is!',1
'I would love to try these--cold winters at 9000 ft but I have narrow feet and the "B" width is just too iffy at the price!',1
'Having been flooded out in Katrina, let me say you are full of sh*t.',1
'For those who want to respond to me about what I write or say : Talk to God. I am not interested in your opinions,nor will I consider them.',1
'It's because of Ethanol. You get LESS gas when you have Ethanol in your gas. This is what people need to understand if they use gas (not diesel) when they fill up. You get LESS GAS- 10% less, but pay even MORE for it. It's an absoutely PURE scam.',1
'Actually 4 tiimes and this is how he feels abouut it. \r\n "I've used the laws of this country to pare debt. ... We'll have the company. We'll throw it into a chapter. We'll negotiate with the banks. We'll make a fantastic deal. You know, it's like on 'The Apprentice.' It's not personal. It's just business,"  last Thursday.',0
'To a point.  If enough people vote for a certain person the margin of error will be a moot point.',1
'As soon as she's not getting enough attention she and her "mom-ager" will be "devastated" to have another sex tape cruelly released without her knowledge or consent. Pretty girl, but the attention whore aspect really kills it.',1
'Shame...not worried about seeing it, but that's clearly the only career skills she has........open wide',1
'8x is definitely on the low end for the target compared to most other resources on saving and withdrawals from retirement accounts. 10x is probably a lot more accurate, and the more, the better. \r\n\r\n8x is definitely not the minimum, since many people will retire with much less and will find a way to get by. Unfortunately that way of getting by may include going back to work or having to ask for help  from others, neither of which are part of the retirement that most of us dream of.',1
'Another U.S. taxpayer funded green project that moved to Finland after they they got Baramma Bucks! Four more years and four more cups of JoE!!!!!',1
'No way in hell.',1
'It could become the new mister yuck sticker',1
'Obummer has created very few jobs while sticking us $6 trillion deeper in debt. However he did create an Ambassor job. So that is one I can name.',1
'Poor dog. Idiots.',1
'wow! a nog looking for a job? Is this the end of the world?',1
'Country Music is NOT Country Music anymore, its POP, Garth, A. Jackson , Waylon, George Jones, Travis Tritt, Randy Travis, Teri Clark , Reba , They were Country music, this junk being passed off as country, is sickning,  the CMA has turned into a Special Effects flashing lights nightmare, and YES I DID TURN IT OFF',1
'i bet all the men who watch this garbage will be happy. they can sit home and cuff their carrot.',0
'I see no way that it is electioneering. There were no candidates or political parties involved. Basically it says, do what you think is good for the country.',1
'No Uggs on these small feet!',1
'sell the stock',1
'ooooohhhhh Joooooooeeeee!! Didn't we tell you? NEVER TELL THE TRUTH!!',1
'2013  is going to remembered there will be 200,000 people out of work atleast 10 companies gone out business and another 120,000 added to that 200,000 because when the bill goes in and its there already one trillion dollar cut back there 746 billion that the people at Hampton Roads gales ferry and west cost bepend on the navy shipyards will feel the 746 billion dollar cut back and been there and I know how it feels, born in 61 - worked twenty-five years construction as a electrician I hope you all put Obama in because we will be another Greece',1
'It's what George and Alan called "Murder on Music Row."',1
'If you want true love......get a dog',1
'You need to change your screen name to "conjecture lover".  LOL\r\n \r\nI will give it to you that you did hit a nerve... but not in any of the ways you've ASSumed.  What hit the nerve was the fact that I simply questioned... and, yet, you went on the attack as if I'd said these people were the veriest devils.  My "analysis", my "attitude" and so much stuff and nonsense about parental failure... goodness!\r\n \r\nAnyway, I could not be any more proud of the way my sibling turned out... because of me, despite me, whatever, I'll take it because most people don't get anywhere near as lucky!.  So don't worry your little head over my feeling like a failure as a sibling or a parent.  I raised a Marine.  I *know* I did something right.',1
'Anything that is over priced such as Ugg Boots and Starbucks....don't get my $$$$.  \r\nI don't support them by purchasing from either company.',1
'If you were 'misunderstood' then remove your original post that stated " she looks like something that crawled off the set of Jersey Shore." In fact, dont. Keep back-tracking ho. And suddenly, the troll becoms the trolled..... You deserve it, like I said, youre a b*tch to begin with.',1
'There is nothing wrong with anyone using an analogy that others can relate to so they might be inspired and encouraged in their efforts to help in a sittuation where it seems their effort is miniscule in comparison to all that needs to be done.   Obviously Mr. Romney knows, and we all know,  that cleaning a football field is no way the same in comparison as the hurricane (duh!) and saying that shows that he has confidence that people would understand his good intentions.',1
'Bloomberg convinced me to vote for Mitt Romney',1
'm',0
'http://www.lastcalld  ​ rink.com/?gclid=CJWl  ​ ve_esLMCFQVgMgodnWQA  ​ 3Q',1
'If you don't like the way the come up with the UE numbers talk to Reagan it's his formula that is being used.',1
'Yeah, rcrjr don't like no colored folks round these parts!',1
'Koo\r\n \r\nWhat is the line in the sand to end QE3? jobs, GDP, What?',0
'LOVE, LOVE, LOVE MY UGGS!  There is nothing more comfortable, warm and cozy than a pair of real sheepskin boots.  I own two pairs and a pair of slippers.  On a small fixed income but still try to buy quality that lasts.  I do shop for competitive pricing and buy new insoles each year which makes them feel like new boots.  Please do not stop making them!',1
'Hey....What can I say....America loves me...',0
'This is story is about Kansas and Ohio, you really can't get much further north. Stupid people breed stupid kids, do us all a favor and get yourself neutered.',1
'Absolutely NOT - no way I ever would.  Not only are they ugly, they don't appear to have good foot support.  I can't believe anyone was dumb enough to invest their money in these.',1
'Agree..they have a purpose even though they aren't super attractive. They are super warm. I love mine...just don't wear them inappropriately...li  ​ ke with shorts,etc...lol',1
'HE LOOKS LIKE A THUG SO LOCK HIM UP \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nBET THAT PISSES A BUNCH OF PEOPLE OFF',1
'Again with the ignorance Arizona? Really? OK, I'll prove you wrong AGAIN. A recent article here proved that purchasing a new Explorer did not save you money over purchasing the more expensive 4Runner because the 4Runner has a much lower cost of ownership over a four year period. Purchasing the higher quality, more expensive 4Runner actually SAVED you money over purchasing lower quality, cheaper made  Explorer.\r\n@IRN,\r\n  If I tell you your car is boring and bland, that's not an insult? Of course it is. If someone insults you, it is not attacking you in a way? Of course it is. You usually debate reasonably but not this time.',1
'Because Jurassic turtles are ALWAYS in the last place you look.   Everybody knows that.',1
'I'm so glad this passed. The people who own puppy mills are disgusting..... along with the pet stores that sell the poor puppies.  However, what is this exemption for "hobby breeders"? What the hell is a hobby breeder?  Who makes a hobby out of breeding animals? If you breed animals to sell them and make money, then your a breeder......it's not a hobby, it's a business.',1
'very smart.',1
'Pretty self centered....she stabbed their kids and now her biggest concern is about money for house work too?  They should have left her in the coma.....the world would be better off....',1
'hey,don`t blame me these f.cking idiots voted for me,and I`m taking everything I can...  jashn,not because he`s black because you`re too blind to see he has destroyed what has taken over 200yrs to built,look around we`re not #1 any more we`re a joke around the world...',1
'Every person on this earth was planned, regaurdless if a 16 year old birthed them or a 40 year old.',1
'Every word you wrote John is the truth.',1
'republicans are actually working on that slavery thing with their anti-labor rhetoric. It has damaged millions of people's lives.',1
'mermaids !!   definitly mermaids !!!',1
'laurel, why is every post from you hateful? try saying something nice about the other candidate for once. It might help with your self esteem.',1
'Antagonizer I highly doubt your numbers are correct.  The only way to know the real average MPG your car gets is to fill the tank up all way drive the car and then on your next fill up divide the miles driven by the gallons put back into the tank.  You keep doing that and you will know each tank what your average was.',1
'I have seen worst. Acid on a birthday care. A client told me when I use to work in a drug treatment place.',1
'Mickey Mouse B.S.\r\nIt's all mostly pop and southern rock. It's a shame that real country music is falling by the wayside due to record companies looking at record sales instead of REAL MUSIC! Jason Aldean is not country music, I don't give a damn what anyone says. \r\nLive on Jamey Johnson and more like him!',1
'Right now, beers, brats, a  soft couch, snuggle blanket and a good Bears / Packers game sounds o so sweet.',1
'They say that the brightest tend to drink more?\r\nI've apparently been participating in this study unwittingly.\r\nIf the case is accurate, then I should be going SuperNova very soon.',1
'I'm almost embarrassed for her. This is just silly. Smile at the camera and say "Sweater Puppets".',1
'He is clearly stoned and realized he is gonna win a 2nd term',1
'Yup, and it shouldn't be allowed. Carrying or wearing any message about voting for anything is not permitted....and no exceptions allowed. As it should be. It's also ridiculous, but that's another issue. No apologies are owed to her either....you cast your ballot now move on with your life.',1
'Well he couldn't compare it to MA clean up because he vetoed the funding!!!',1
'Him being as 'clean' as he appears to be and having done nothing like this in the past is exactly  why I believe he Did do it.',1
'Really,not even close.people welcome a victory celebration in football you really dont cherish being pummeled by a super storm, losing your house,or possibly your life . what a mitt witt.',1
'It's as good as anything else out there.',1
'"That's not my problem"',1
'Amen to back to Chicago',1
'Glad you survived. Surf on brother. We are in their house.',1
'ok then. I agree with what I'm responding to. We are completely balled up in own species. Insults aren't necessary, however, as they serve to stimulate conflict and create bias. Shawn, that was funny, off point and hurtful (I think coll is right here) but funny. What made it funnier was colls ironic response. coll did the exact same thing that she/he was ranting to shawn about.',1
'I don't care for Romney, but I am tired of the nit-picking over what he said and what he meant...I don't think he means that the Hurrican is similiar to a foot ball game celebration...just break a big job into smaller ones, have lots of people help and stay organized...the clean up will get done, whether a football field or a town ( or city or state)',1
'Suspended, fired, sued, jailed and then prosecuted.',1
'J Bird, that is just stupid !',1
'John,\r\n  If you had bought a rental property or two over the years that you planned to sell to help fund your retirement you would care a lot more about this tax. \r\n \r\n   There is no exclusion for investment property. So if someone (and I'm sure you know some) bought a second home, or a rental, or a forclouser that they wanted to fix up and resale, they will have to pay this tax. Doesn't seem right to change the rules in the middle of the game. \r\n   \r\n   I know a number of people and I'm sure you do too, that worked hard, and made wise investments, so they could have a nice retirement and now are being told the rules have changed.\r\n  \r\n   What are we telling the next generation? Don't plan for the future, don't invest, don't save, the government will just take it anyway. Seems like the wrong message to me.',1
'I bought a 2012 Hyundai Elantra primarily because of the alleged 30 mpg city/40 mpg highway representations.  I have never, EVER achieved even close to those mileage figures.  I have to really nurse it along to manage to get a combined 31 mpg, a FAR cry from the 35mpg I was counting on, since my driving habits include approximately equal amounts of city and highway driving.  When I brought it up to dealer, was told (with genuinely puzzled look) that I was the ONLY ONE who had ever had such poor mileage, and why didn't I try switching to premium gas!  WHAT? Hyundai has lost a formerly strong advocate with that move.',1
'This is great. Many stores are already following the trend of "selling" rescue dogs: in Petsmart and Petco, they have adoption days or have the cat room with cats and kittens from shelters. I would love to adopt an animal one day, but strays seem to always find me first :)',1
'Took the kids up to a house 25 years ago and saw a bunch of pieces of paper all over the front lawn. It was dark and I couldn't make out what they were. Turns out the homeowner was passing out religious tracts, instead of candy, to all the trick-or-treaters. The kids all pulled the paper out of their bags and left them on the front lawn. the homeowners had a nice mess to clean up the next day.',0
'Go against the herd, wear your flip flops in the snow.  I'll keep wearing my warm boots.  Not Uggs, I can't afford them, but my Costco knock-offs keep me warm.  I don't wear them because they're a "fad", but because they are comfortable.  I'm all about comfort.',1
'not getting divorced.',1
'By the way, how would you like this guy for the POTUS?',1
'You're no engineer.  You are just a racist idiot who can't spell or form a coherent sentence.',1
'It likely is global warming. Better adapt.',1
'I can't belive the so called journalist who wrote this. ..." the children's experience with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years." and... "we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this "trick" and simply take the spoils as part of the on candy." Does the BBC have editors? The writer doesn't go off on the guy who hands it out but implies the kids will all do cocaine later on in life and and goes on to attack the innocent victims by writing that he wonders if they would take the drugs and use them? What kind of scumbag writers do they have working for them? I'd fire this ****. He seem like he does it himself by the way this is written. Shame on the BBC and MSN for allowing such a poorly written, accusation filled article.',0
'Michael T said "*that's a split infinitive, I know.  I do sometimes sacrifice grammar for style." \r\n  Now that's a man who knows his Orwell!  Well done!  One should never sacrifice "readability" to the rules.',1
'The so called Global Warming experts (in hysteria maybe)  called for about 20 named storms to decimate America's coast over the past 12 months and now we finally get one notable hurricane and they all jump up and scream "SEE!! SEE!! WE TOLD YOU SO!!! "....Now Obama will be asking Uncle Mao for another TRILLION Dollars to develop solar powered vibrators to include in his healthcare coverage and paid for with our tax dollars and to be produced by a company owned by some crony contributor that will file bankruptcy in 12 months.... Never ending democratic O'drama.. borrow-spend-borrow-  ​ spend-etc,etc',0
'Quien va a querer comprar un pinche iFone? hahahahaha',1
'the only thing tasteless here is msn posting this !',1
'Must be a big secret. I can't click into item 2 of 35.',1
'My receipts never show a tip in the place for it never, we zero it out with a slash and mark already paid. We do not believe in having it put on a card.  We Always hand the tip of 15 percent to 20 percent directly the the one serving us wheather it's five dollors or $40.00 dollars before leaving the table Always, we never ever keep the tip.\r\nOne thing about handing it to the one that serves us is that we know for sure, that it goes to the one it is intended for and seeing that we usually pay more then what's taken out at the register, we allow the one that serves us to do with it as he or she wishes.\r\nWe've seen other servers take others tips from time to time and we just like to see it gets in the proper hands.',1
'And people think that Joe Biden opens his mouth and inserts his foot???!!!  Mitt Romney could give stupid lessons and make a fortune.  Oh, wait... he's already worth a fortune...',1
'Damn I am tired....five more days...all our trials....soon be over.....\r\n\r\nTalk to you tomorrow and have a good night,T.',1
'Global warming, climate change????? I wonder what the carbon footprint was back when all cooking and heat sources were derived from the cutting down of trees and burning them? Also, survival depended on cattle, horses, goats,sheep,camels, etc for transportation and food. Wake up people this climate change is a load of garbage. Look at real science and history, not the junk science of climate change. We will always have storms, earthquakes and other natural phenomena. We should be good stewards of the earth and not use scare tactics for monetary and political gain.',1
'It was a good show, with not many awards.  That was good.  I don't get why they gave WIllie a giant cheap statue.... that was wierd, kind of broke into the spirit of the thing.  Why did the hostess girl change dresses in between every performance and commercial?  Not that I care, just wondering.  Why was Justin Beiber there singing at the piano?  A real question... is it just my TV at home or is it the way tv produces live music that I hear no words or instruments just kind of up and down noise?  Happens on everything on live tv.  I thought maybe the one girl shouldn't have sang crazy... all that went through peoples heads was how she couldn't come close to competing with either Patsy's voice or WIllies jazzing it up.  Sorry, I do like her band though.  And they do need to bring back a few of yesterdays singers and bands.  Even if they are drifting away, awards shows are also there to reflect on good things.  It was all fun.  I think that Shelton guy has to be the new King, and not sure who the Queen would be.  Swift... French Paris cafe???? Where did that come from???  :-)',1
'Here is the questions you have to answer to determine what you will need: \r\n1)  What will the inflation rate be when I retire? \r\n2)  What will the tax rate be on my retirement income? \r\n3)  What will my health be like?  How much will my medical care costs be? \r\n4)  How much will SS and Medicare really pay when I need it? \r\n5) What will my investment return on my retirement savings be? \r\n6)  How much of my savings will be stolen through hacking, theft, scam artists, etc? \r\n7) How long will I live in retirement? \r\n8)  Will the US government collapse and the dollar be worthless?  (No amount of saving will help you then) \r\n  \r\nI would suggest you can't answer any of those questions accurately. \r\nSo, you'd better save every penny you can.',1
'Salesman will NEVER tell you the truth.  I bet he didnt tell you that you have to pay for your vehicle to be inspected every year for that warranty to be valid for 10 years 100,000 miles.  I worked with a guy that sold them and he told me thats what you had to do for the warranty.  If you dont its a basic 3 year 36,000 powertrain.',1
'Blah, blah, blah.......',1
'If this is the best possible job by Obama, he should have been impeached for impersonation of a President. You can thank the ability to hide Obama's background for the hoax of his presidency. He is a communist, just like his Momma, and her parents were communists. Obama's in-laws sent their little daughter to n admitted communist school on Mercer Island in Seattle to learn the marxist way.',1
'I'll see you tonight Mitt. Don't forget to wear the fish net stockings I got you for Christmas. It's my favorite look.',1
'@ autobot: LMFAO!! Carving little bibles and giving mini crosses??  That's classic! Too bad about the last part...reminds me of "Carrie's" mom much!!!',1
'Multilingual ape - que bueno.',1
'Welcome to the world of the Conservative liars and BS.',1
'Never heard of her',0
'Not in good tatse but nice model.',1
'Wow, you conspiracy whack-a-doodles must have a hard time ever getting a moment's rest.  There's always something new plotting against you.',1
'Missed seeing George Strait and Alan Jackson...now that's real country.',1
'Jeff-R  All commies think they are moderates.  --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ -----------------     And what do all zealots think they are Jeffy???     Soooooo, next week you're outta here. Don't blame you I'd be embarrased too if I'd missed the mark by such a wide margin.     Well, it's been real and it's been fun.... but it hasn't been real fun...  Do yourself a favor and spend more time at the library r-e-a-d-i-n-g.',1
'I'm not going to do what everyone thinks I'm going to do, and just flip out, man. I'm leaving and taking the fish. Who's coming with me?',1
'I see a lot of comments on here I would be afraid to make.  One thing I know for sure is when I look into the nighttime sky, I see things no man put there.  Man cannot keep cars off each other.  If man controlled the planets, can you imagine the collissions???  The Sun has never burned out in my lifetime and I heard my parents talk of it being there when they were little.  Something accounts for teh seasons, the grass growing and wilting away. Something is in our bodies that allow us to walk and talk but when we die, that something will be gone. I don't have faith in man, government nor nations.  In fact, I ask everyone to VOTE AGAINS ALL INCUMBENTS for a more responsible government, but I will not say some of the things I see on here.  The Bible says every tongue will confess and every knee will bow, or something similar to that.  I'll confess and bow now!',1
'Tasteless and cheesy is about as close to getting it right as MSN has been in a long time.',1
'I agree that the shirt doesn't outright say which party to vote for... but, do you really think most people don't know exactly which party she meant?\r\n \r\nAnyway, you basically negated your own comment with the last sentence... separation of church and state provides an even greater argument against this woman wearing that shirt to a polling place than simple electioneering does.  So, I'm glad you mentioned it.',1
'Socially unacceptable, you hit the nail on the head with all your comments.  People better learn from this disaster and next time evacuate when it's ordered.  If it turns out the evacuation was not necessary and you lucked out, you lucked out!  So sad.',1
'This show is so BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'What makes the kid "nerdy"? The fact that he plays Dungeons and Dragons?  Or the fact that he is interested  in science?   \r\n Seems to me like the reporter is trying to get in with the cool kids by perpetuating a stereotype.',1
'Call it what you want. It is the truth.',1
'How many phones can apple sell in the crap hole mexico anyway?',0
'No.  And people will actually vote for this moron!!  America really has degenerated into the morass of ignorance.  We get what we deserve....',1
'Servers are paid by tips only.  Cops are paid (overpaid actually) a salary.',1
'Romney / Ryan 2012 2016',1
'Ya all know why a turtle crossed the highway?    He needed to go to the Shell station.',1
'As I have mentioned, to assess the mentality of right winger zingers, just check out the OH-so-very- humorous attack dog posts of  Jeffy, Alias, SRT and etc etc.\r\n\r\nOh sorry Comnads...didnt mean to leave you out.',1
'Maru....not even a close contest in my book . \r\n :)',1
'so wrong if their shoes didn't cost a lot then more people would buy them',1
'Advice for the day ---  Don't take no wooden nickels.',1
'Over 50% of all first marriages end in divorce, high rate with second marriages and even higer with teen marriages.  I never felt marriage a good idea, but I've now been married for almost 30 years.  She's great, I'm lucky.  Compromise, trust, patience, trust, honestly (many things already listed), not marrying until one is ready, daily chats and walks help, time alone helps.  I guess there are many components to a good marriage.',1
'Never heard of them...or him.',1
'Before everyone jumps on me I tried to say $74K I missed the K.',1
'I am worried about uneducated people like you, who continually keep the blinders on to the actual truths that exist and all of the lies and propanda that has been spewing into your areas of the country from the conservatives.  This article is factual because i heard the message which was broadcast LIVE from the rally.  No one can fix what comes out of that man's mouth, unfortunately, your PARTY has no one better.  That's the horrible fact of the matter!',1
'Just as long as the video only displays her from the waste upward, I'm in.  The full package is nasty.',1
'Obviously you are oblivious to the facts and have no idea what the truth is.  Exactly where did you acquire your stats on welfare that there are more whites on welfare than blacks?  If ignorance was bliss you would be a shinning star to us all.  Maybe if you did a little research you might see there was no raciest comment just the truth, live with it.  You think just because someone uses the word Black could have just as easy used the N word, that automatically means you are a raciest no wonder America is going down the hole, I'll bet you are even going to vote for Obama.  No self respecting American that has any love for this country would dare vote to continue this promoter of welfare and unions.  If you grew up in the projects then you of all people should know just how destructive WELFARE is on a country,   Because a Black here in Clark county believed that because he was black the Government Owed him free electricity.  When the WHITE Utility worker came to cut off the power and even tried to help him with time to get money when the White utility worker came back the BLACK man and his Black Wife and Black 14 year old Son, in cold blood ambushed the White Man shot him in the back of the head, MURDERED the WHITE utility worker because of WELFARE.  But because this was a Black Man Killing a White Man the National News media did not even publish a single word of this.  Had this been a White killing a Black, every Black **** like the reverend Jessie Jackson and Al big mouth Sharpton would have been here raising pure hell.  So take your reversed Raciest **** out of my face and get a life outside the Projects and maybe you will find out what is's like to live in the REAL WORLD.   Oh one other thing Mississippi Blacks are so proud to be from Mississippi, that thanks to our state loving Black community of over 55% of the population we got to keep our flag, the one with the Rebel flag on it , the one all you Yankees wanted to take away because it was raciest,  well we here in Mississippi are a hell of a lot more proud than you ever will be of where ever you came from.  At least Mississippi's blacks know the difference between racism and ignorance.',1
'Bad service.  As for the story - what's up with that receipt?  It looks like three different people wrote on the thing.  If the "tip" is a true story then shame on them - $140 for one meal and that could have fed your family for a week.',1
'Rancic, then why dont you adopt one. Instead you complain about how they raise their child at a young age, and pay a surrogate and hire a nanny.',1
'Bad math, say the effective tax rate on that 2.5% growth is 10%...then you just have new tax revenue to pay off that debt of .25%...much less than 1.5%.',1
'T I P = too insure promptness.',1
'My husband was 22 when we married on my 18th birthday. Marriage takes work. It's not something you can just throw away. We've had ups and downs, been through deployments and losses of children. Here we are 10 years later. Here's to another 69! (Shush to all of the pervs...I laughed first.)',1
'he may be a very nice fellow, but i have to say he's annoyingly good looking for a guy. maybe if he wouldn't grin like that all the time?',1
'Have time to watch just one singing reality show and followed Simon to X-Factor.  Horrible choice in new hosts.  Glad their are other shows out there as I can't endure to watch the hosting train wreck that is going on on this one.  Sorry Simon.',1
'Smoking a strangers weed at a concert? Well hell yea!',1
'Ya the job of an empty chare',1
'It's all Lowest Common Denominator music anymore. It reminds me of disco all over again. Here this is what you want. Here this is the next hit, Here this is my next ticket to another million bucks. Jello Biafra said it best " my payola"',1
'Nooooooooo SAY IT AIN'T SO JOE. I hate to break it to you joe,but in the 70's everything was drug fueled. Remember the Time Mag cover "Cocaine the non-addictive party drug??"We hear stories of gallons of nitrous oxide being poured into the air conditioning at Studio 54. This is just another reformed whore.I am sorry you had such a hard time all that money ,girls, drugs, alcohol or any other thing you could smoke ,snort or rub into your belly button.',1
'Any parent knows that kids love video games and they crank out a new one practically every year or so.  And at 60 bucks a pop the top line margins are pretty nice',1
'Free thinkers are the ones who understand why we adopted the constitution, free thinking is being completely educated out of our kids by the liberal education system.',1
'You mean a "lieyah"..Remember.. ALL sharks are born swimming!',1
'You are a despicable **** and a typical Obama ****.',1
'cancel Two Broke Girls.  Totally a nothing show.',1
'what is she like 40 trying to make a comeback',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! They met via bing [rider add dating] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.',0
'Today, the closest thing to counrty music is bluegrass.  At least they play traditional instruments.  If you want to hear great variety of music (all genres) with real country and bluegrass, listen to Dream Set Internet Music.  It's FREE dreamsetinternetmusi  ​ c.com.',1
'I agree totally..It's not only depressing but scary how easily brainwashed people can be and how they don't have the sense enough to do independent research on their candidate or maybe their just lazy!.I personally supported Ron Paul and was actually planning on writing him in until I researched Romney and listened to some of his speeches. I realized he's a completely out of touch,arrogant,lying  ​  rich snob who has absolutely no knowledge whatsoever about foreign policy!!.Therefore I feel I have no other choice but to vote for Obama.So for you Mutt lovers,when your lying, hypocritical,arrogan  ​ t rich boy doesn't make it to the White House you've got no one to blame but Mutt himself..It'll truly be a pleasure to see him get kicked down off that pedistal he thinks he's on.',1
'It would be nice.... But I dont think his personality swings that way.... I think Romney's focused on the real issues, which are the economy and jobs',0
'Gee unkyjack, were you this full of righteous indignation when Bush ignored vital intel which led to the 911 attacks, and then lied to get us involved in a war in Iraq, intended to enrich him and his buddies companies?   But no, you're going to flip out over 4 Americans dying, and the reich wing taking that and spinning it to the nth degree.',1
'Laurel just wants her Obamamoney!! and "FREE" healthcare HAHA',1
'never have worn them. the price is not an issue for me. they are ugly and have not style. Besides, these boots are for chicks and gay guys.',1
'I love the "casual attitude"! I got a kick out of reading something light-hearted for a change. The writer I believe assumed "everyone" knows it's wrong to hand out a class A narcotic to children, and attempted to "liven-up" his article with some humor. It aparently worked as here we are commenting on a low level news article from another country which neither concerns us nor effects us. Lighten up "little mama" and live, love, laugh out loud! \r\n \r\nPS: You need to lighten up too there John Doe, hiding behind your anonymous name, behind your anonymous keyboard, casting insults to those with an opinion. "Littlemom" has 85 thumbs up, and you my friend have nothing. (Pun Intended)',1
'John, have a great time!  Saw Jens here in Boston about a month ago and it was lovely.  The band is tight and light on its feet and they get people dancing more than I would've expected.',1
'Well unless they were actually looking for them, I imagine they were looking in the wrong place, and that is why it took them so long !!',0
'Really Romney? WTF..You are a dumb twit..I think Romney need to shut up while he is at it..How can one compared a situation as this to a foot ball game.Romney doesn't care one bit,its all about being the President.Okay lets hear what his excuse will be when some one call him out on this,like when he got busted about the forty percent remarks..Romney doesn't know when to shut up.',1
'the jobs where i was denied employment because i didn't speak a foreign language was an affirmative action token,\r\nif not what the hell was it,\r\ni was told it wasn't discrimination against me,\r\nbut if a person is denied employment because they don't speak English is considered discrimination?\r\n \r\ntelling someone to step up to the plate is hypocritical when the plate is serving you gourmet while serving me beanies and weenies.',1
'Agree with aactionnary, Kinda Fat to be a Model!!! Just Sayin..',1
'Aren't they also coming out with a model called the Surf? Might want to rethink the name of that one.',1
'- "Government does not create jobs. Government does not create jobs." —Mitt Romney, 45 minutes later (Oct. 16, 2012)\r\n\r\nThen why is Romney applying for the highest paid, most prestigious “Government Job” in the world???',1
'I won the lottery once... well it's not like I got all the numbers... winning is winning! Thanks for my $3',1
'Been answered several times.  I don't know.  But no climate scientists are maintaining that hurricanes are ONLY caused by global warming.  There is no logical reason to reject AGW on that basis.',1
'at least they found them.  last time i checked,  they were still trying to find a whole family of mermaids in the south pacific. sasquatch and jimmy hoffa.. more to follow at 11:00.',1
'I love this story!  What a great friend/teammate.',1
'OMG! I've never owned a pair of Ugg boots simply because I don't like the look. I was shocked to find out the price of them! Some are priced at over $200!!! Are you serious? I woudn't wear them if they were giving them away... I certainly wouldn't pay $200 for them!',1
'Look...I got me a free Obama phone !',1
'The sorry SOB would be taking his meals through a straw for a very long time.',1
'How about REAL country music...Ray Price, Bill Anderson, Merle Haggard?',1
'2,500 showed up in Ohio today to hear obama. \r\n50,000+ showed up today to hear Romney! \r\nWe never get any truth from the mainstream.  I guess lies make them feel goo or something.',1
'I find it very annoying.  The ox is a heart beat away from the presidency.  Obama could have a stroke, heart attack, air force one could crash, Joe is being stupid.  You have a job and you do the best you can and that's it.  I don't know why he accepted if he didn't want to be 2nd in command.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'MS/NBC draws attention to this............ MS/NBC you are the idiots.',1
'i like you guys',1
'I agree it's not country',1
'The pic does not show glam--Only  NO respect for the ones who are suffering and who have lost everything during Hurricane Sandy.  Greed is the name of their game---wanting to cash in on others losses.',1
'F all the hotels that are kicking people out.',1
'Chance, you used a period instead of a question mark. Damn, I'm good. LOL.',1
'IF  THAT MAN HATED A SMALL DEFENSELESS BABY FOR ITS LOOKS AT SUCH A SMALL AGE, THEN SHE SHOULD BE GLAD SHE FOUND OUT WHAT A CREEP HE IS THIS SOON IN THE CHILDS LIFE, AND NOT WAIT TILL HE ABUSED THE CHILD. HE NEEDS TO BE KICKED TO THE CURB AND KICKED WHERE IT COUNTS MOST ON A MAN. AND HARD. I HOPE HE NEVER FINDS ANOTHER WOMAN TO LOVE HIM. AND SHAME ON THE JUDGE WHO ALLOWED HIM FOR WINNING THE LAWSUIT, IDIOTS, THATS WHAT THEY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!APRI  ​ L',1
'Luminex and Affymetrix do not even do sequencing! Luminex makes immunoassays and Affymetrix makes gene arrays. Maybe to the layperson like yourself, all these technical sounding words mean the same thing, but they are not even similar technologies. Why would Roche want to buy Affymetrix for their array business? Roche already has its own array business with Nimblegen. Clearly you haven't done any research at all and you're just some idiot analyst spewing trash for a quick buck.',1
'WAY TO GO  BLAKE AND MIRANDA  TO A GREAT COUPLE  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK',0
'Unfortunately, the only beneficiaries will be the insurance companies who will gladly take your money for the insurance you will be forced to buy.  Remember it is not free, it is supposed to be affordable.',1
'So perhaps now women won't mind actually getting out their wallet and actually paying for themselves more often?  Or is that still not romantic?  I love how men are being suckered by the "old fashioned" "traditional" sentiment put out there by so many of these educated, high earning women.  Tough pill to swallow isn't ladies.',1
'Gives a whole new meaning to the term "rock candy."',1
'You are a fool if you think that corporations aren't aware of what they do! Give me a friggin break! They are all AWARE of it and that's why they go to those countries to not only get materials but for the labor in making and assembling their products. Why else would AMERICAN companies be operating in other countries? hello, I don't see Chinese companies all over here, or Indian companies all over here, they are there for cheap labor, no epa to enforce their toxic waste, no taxes and NO LABOR LAWS!',1
'Personaly I quit buying hershery products when they put the people in hershy Pa out of work when they moved to India',1
'Thats sad.',1
'Damn...I was looking at the wrong window...You're not the only jerk I have to respond to...I have like 7 windows open...',1
'Say No is absolutely right, as is MC and others. Lawsuits are the only way to get wide-scale changes (remember the Ford Pinto as the first classic example). \r\n  \r\nAnd, for the naysayers, you are not educated enough to know a lot of lawyers went to law school with dreams of doing good. The realities of having to earn a living come into play but these lawyers still do whatever they can, maybe knocking off early and driving their Corollas down to a battered women's shelter to offer legal help.  \r\n  \r\nYes, there are lots of scum in any field, but you hear about bad lawyers more than any other field but don't see what the good ones do, esp since lawyers are obligated to keep it down.',1
'I would caption it: \r\n "Yup, I'm coming out."',1
'your retarded too! maybe you aught go on the campaign trail with Minocchio and lying ryan and give them mouth hugs!',1
'I've often found that little coward b*tches like to hurt animals.',1
'thats how its supposed to be ,,,men are the get money at any means necessary ,,no matter how dirty ,,and women are the opposite ,,,clean, beautiful, educated, delicate flowers!!!!',1
'I read this thinking that Romney must have made a serious gaffe. He used a simple example of teamwork, everyone doing a part of the work. We get it, MSN. We know how you think. So, please come out and tell us simple people why this is bad.',1
'PROBABLY.... SHE AND KRIS ARE WORKING ON THE FINAL CUTNOW, BUT THERE WILL ALSO BE A DIRECTORS CUT ... WITH DELETED SCENES ...',1
'Well at least she isnt saying shes pregnant! Thank god for that, no more children please its getting pretty distgusting to hear shes pregnant again and again and again. to go on TV to announce it YUK!!I cant wait until her beautiful children start to have a family of their own.',0
'For boots intended to keep your feet warm, they are pretty useless against the elements.  If it rains or snows you can't wear them or you'll ruin them and freeze off your toes.  Plus they are way too expensive.',1
'I have said over and over again - I look at young couples now and wonder what she sees in him. The women are educated, they work, they keep up the house, they take care of the kids, they cook and the husband watches some sort of sports all week and plays god. \r\nWish I was younger to see how this all plays out for the next generation. If it were me....I'd dump em. Sorry to say, men brought this on themselves. Who needs them?',1
'People, Wake up!  We, along with most of the rest of the world, operate under a debt monetary system. Under this system, no money is allowed to be created, unless we borrow it from private commercial banks.  Government borrows from the fed or other countries by selling treasury bills, notes or bonds.  We do not have enough money to pay that debt, so we just pay the interest on it.\r\nWhen corporate America borrows, we the public pay those loans, plus interest, in the higher cost of living, when businesses raise the price of their products or services.\r\n \r\nThink about it!  Money has to have an origin.  You didn't always have money, and neither did your boss.  It had to begin somewhere.  Where do you have to go to get any sizeable amount of money?  The bank!  All money in circulation, had to be borrowed and then spent into circulation.  When you get your paycheck, you are being paid from the principal of someone's loan that the company you work for has captured through commerce.  If you have money in an IRA, 401K, bonds, stock, a pension plan, checking account, savings or just in your wallet,  you could not possibly have that money unless someone else either individually or collectively has an equal amount of indebtedness.\r\nTher is a difference between wealth and money.  You cannot spend wealth until you convert it into money.  That can only be done in one of two ways.  You must either sell some of your wealth to someone for some debt dollars, or you would have to borrow against your wealth.  Either way, the bankers some how are involoved.\r\n \r\nWhen you go to a bank for a loan, you must sign a loan agreement, mortgaging a portion of your future productivity! The bank then credits your checking account with the principal amount of the loan.  The banker is creating that money out of thin air, with the touch of a computer key.  Under fractional banking, bankers can create a multiple of what they have in reserves.  Usually about 9 times.  But who is really creating the money?  Isn't the banker actually creating the money to loan to you, on your promise to pay it back?  So maybe it is the borrower who is actually creating the money and the banker is only the middle man, who sits back and collects the interest that no money was ever created to pay!!!\r\n \r\nWhen no monay is created to pay the interest on any loan, we are always creating a debt greater than the debt principal of every loan.  Blame the federal reserve and this ponzi system for our evergrowing indebtedness.\r\n \r\nCongress gave the federal reserve and it's bankers the power to create money to loan to us, so why can't congress give the power to create money to the treasury, to pay for all of our infrastructure needs, without borrowing.  This would solve our unemployment problems, take people off welfare, reduce the need for fuel and road use taxes, just to name a couple benefits.  \r\n \r\nPeople, keep in mind that when we have to borrow in order to have a medium of exchange, that money has to be paid back and erased off the books, (or it is uncreated).  When money is earned first, then spent into circulation, it doesn't have to be paid back to anyone, and lives on indefinitely.\r\n \r\nSome people claim that creating money this way would create inflation.  I highly doubt that, since no money would enter circulation until it was matched with productivity.  Our current monetary system was broken before it even started.  We need change',1
'IMO, a perfect example of how "in tune" he is with the needs and lives of ordinalry citizens in this country.  The only thing worse than this idiot running for president is all the truly stupid people that will vote for this out of touch, ignorant azzhole. I also agree with navydoc. Staten Island is your lane Mittens, get busy!',1
'Why then get married at all! Why would you marry someone that doesnt help you grow as a person?',1
'I just bought a 2013 Ford Focus that is suppose to get 26 city and 36 highway. I filled up last night my mpg was only 24!  My Civic came the closes to achieving claimed mpg on a trip from Cali to Vegas at 37 mpg.',1
'Ugg might be struggling with poor sales, because not many people can afford to drop $200+ on a pair of flimsy boots in this economy. Economics 101.',0
'BINGO',1
'I lived through ""SIX"" East Coast Hurricanes in the 1950's. I don't remember them as I was Young but I do remember they happened within a couple years, 1954-1956!!  SIX Storms in a couple years, now they have one every five to ten years and it's global warming.  BLOW Hard AL BORE is passing too much gas, needs to slim down and save the planet!!!',1
'If anyone cares to do some simple math, go to BLS website and subtract the revisions to their reports since Obama took office and you wil discover that there is a net loss of 160,000 jobs during his tenure.\r\nTHERE ARE NO NEW JOBS UNDER OBAMA. MSNBC, OBAMA CAMPAIGN, AND HIS SUPPORTERS NEED TO QUIT LYING AND THE AMERCAN WISE UP.\r\nI CHALLENGE YOU ALL TO DEAL WITH REALITY AND DROP THE FANTASY.\r\nDO THE MATH FOR YOURSELF.',1
'Ha!, the electoral map has Obama winning with 290 electoral votes vs. Romney's 249.',1
'Glad everyone out there is so perfect.  Gaffes are human.  Human gaffes are what happen when you don't live life off of a cue card.  I've made some flubs before, but I'm not on display to 300 million people everyday.  That's the difference between Joe Biden and people like Romney.  "Regular" Joe can just chalk it up to a boo boo,  Romney would try to twist it into something he meant to say.  I like real people.',1
'what a hypocrite!!!     He believes that his wife was cured by prayers to God, and when the cross fell on him he immediately blames the church.    This was a test of faith - - - - this guy failed.',1
'I think that Maru is cute but ShiShi Maru is just so adorable.',1
'Yep were saved by all this temp Holiday jobs at minimum wage.',0
'In Iowa state law requires you to claim minimum wage of 7.25 even tho the minimum wage for waiters is 4-something.',1
'Your arguments are, sadly, correct and compelling',1
'This year's X-Factor is worse than the last, and will unlikely see another season.  Again, the judges can't even be respectful toward each other, which Simon make think makes for dramatic TV, but it is just nauseating.  Speaking of Gagging, Khloe is the absolute worst MC in the history of television.  It's like watching a Japanese game show.  She is stilted, unnatural, robotic, annoying, rude and totally without talent.  Watching her and Mario at work is like observing the machinations of a kindergarten P.T.A. production.  While I would have expected him to have been good in this role, frankly, he's not much better than Khloe.  I've also been disappointed with the level of  talent.  It simply can't compare  to The Voice.  I'm giving this circus another 2 weeks, and if they don't make some personnel changes, and get their act together, I will be watching something else.',1
'what kind of idiocy is this!?',1
'But Big O only does men, Billy liked the female interns',1
'Cutting them up and sucking them in ;but in the end, the conversation always turned to music.',1
'Love my Uggs (they are showing the uglist pr ever made in the article though)..they are super warm and comfy...and serve a purpose.',1
'You're obviously dealing with a superiority complex.  How inappropriate!',1
'No Way. Because, It Is Difficult ,To Trust Strangers.It is Around, the World so Much Crime ill and Bad      People. So ,For My self, i Say No Anyway to Drugs and Food from People I Don" t  Know To.',1
'No.',1
'All the shows with pawn shops, auctions, towing, repos, etc. are pretty much on one or two channels.  Ever heard of just changing the channel?',1
'Chris Who?  Why didn't he just go as a white tank top (wife beater)',0
'I don't think they are so great in snow.....the soles are slippery. I have to take actual ski/snow boots to Park City with me skiing each year. But they are definitely warm and fluffy and I love them. I am generally in them all winter.',1
'Thank God Johnny Cash will live forever.',1
'Are they taking in-laws?',1
'if she's using the single mom excuse, then why the heck would a single mom go somewhere that cost $140 to eat????\r\nI never don't give a tip, if the service sucks really bad, enough that I don't want to tip, my husband leaves a penny to make a statement.  We also say soemthing to the manager.',1
'Your definition of a REAL man sounds like a woman.  Expecting a man to over ride millions of years of evolutionary programming because pumpkin refuses to lose the weight is pretty much delusional.  How about expecting a woman to find the same guy attractive after he stops being affectionate and romantic?  \r\n \r\nThats right.  Men's needs are wrong and women's needs are noble.  Only in America.',1
'is this supposed to be like his running mate ryan washing clean dishes at a soup kitchen?',1
'@Cut the red tape: Woo hoo. way to be a GG dickrider! just like everyday of your life.',1
'seems to be lots of cartoon characters who pay no tax's',1
'Hah-hah, real funny.  Some chicks will fall for a guy like you, I'm sure.  Don't forget to demand the beer.',1
'Your post is a crock of sh_t.',1
'iChingetumadre',1
'We are our brothers' keeper.  When we knowingly participate in the use, sale, or investment in companies which enslave children, we are helping to support the practice.  If it doesn't bother you to think of children being forced at gunpoint to work for the profits of others, then I fear that you should give up your claim of being a human being.  You more closely resemble a rock, devoid of character or decency or compassion.\r\nThe parents you hold accountable probably have no access to birth control (I'm sure that makes Ryan and Romney happy) and no access to education or jobs.  They don't have choices in life.',1
'romney is so lame',1
'Not too well.....seems to me there is a whole lot of this incompetence taking place with these poor little animals!!  How sad for this little guy and his family!!!  Crying shame and incompetency at it's very best....sickening!!',1
'i have always thought they are hideous good ridance. although it did help separate the fashionist from the posser!!',1
'None of those factors affect your idol(s)..... why do you care????',1
'handwriting doesn't match. How do we know the woman didn't leave cash and the waitress is just being a bitch? Happens eveyrday folks. Please stop believing everything you read on the intraweb.',1
'well as it turns out she was not pregnant it was part of the costume but i still stand by my comment on what should happen to women who are pregnant and drinking or using drugs ! if you are going to bring a child into the world then you cannot start with screwing it up physically and  mentally before it is born ! and any one caught doing that should be charged with child endangerment and either put in rehab or drug and alcohol tested until the birth and then monitored after to ensure the safety of that child!',1
'With all these new synthetic drugs, I fear the next generation is doomed.\r\n \r\nHey kids, I've done almost every drug except for "bath salts" and "n-bomb." Trust me, synthetic drugs will destroy your brain even if they don't kill you. Just stick to cannabis if you want to get high, it's all you need.',1
'http://www.lastcalld  ​ rink.com/?gclid=CJWl  ​ ve_esLMCFQVgMgodnWQA  ​ 3Q',1
'Well,well,well....30  ​ % unemployment now, MAYBE ?? Yeah that number just keeps going up to make a POINT...MAYBE ??.....What is your POINT anyway ??\r\n \r\nWe "have always had" people on SS, SSI, other disabilities or people incapable of working..\r\nWe do have "way more" then normal on FOODSTAMPS....Hmmmm,  ​  I wonder why ??\r\nSAME with all the Categories you named...Anyone 65, SHOULD be retired. IMO\r\n \r\nI guess all the figures from the Depression were BOGUS too, must have been at least 80-90% of people out work, compared to this Recession....SORRY, I'M NOT SEEING IT.....\r\nNOT NOW, NOT LATER....No matter how hard you want to TWIST or SPIN it.',1
'As long as it's talking about beer, someone else's wife and a trailer it's country.',1
'Change-Shmange!! Calling it country don't make it country. You can put your boots in the oven, but that don't make em biscuits.',1
'Organized labor = Organized crime.',1
'Uhhhhhhhhh..........  ​ ....................  ​ ........',1
'It should be called PMA for Pop Music Awards. This is NOT Country music! There are good country singers that can sing REAL country but when they get a record deal Nashville's Music Row & their executives RUIN them. They should hang their heads in shame. Cash & Waylon are shaking their heads.....',1
'I would sue the Tennessee Animal Shelter to the high heavens.  No excuse for a mistake like that.',1
'You, your mom, and your brothers gf were flirting with your dad and other brother the whole time?  How strange!',1
'I usually hate the EPA. But today I give them kudos. I have a new Hyundai that the mileage sticker says "32 mpg, city 39 mpg hwy". Two months of testing reveals the true mileage is 25 to 26 mpg, about the same as the EPA result.',1
'No I haven't.  They are ugly, in my opinion, and ridiculously expensive.',1
'Really bad choice.  Simon, you kind of showed your ghetto-ness.  It's fantastic to help the needy, but I don't think any of the Kardashians are in need.  They may be in need of things like having a conscience, being tactful if you're going to be a public figure; etc... but they are certainly not in need of a job.  Simon - you have lowered your standards to ground level and that's a shame for Mario.  She's not a host.  She hasn't and probably can't learn the finesse of being a host.  What was wrong with just Mario?  He has the charisma and the graciousness of a host.',1
'I hope the polls are accurate and we can be done with him in January.',1
'Dang April, its people like you that make other GOOD hard workers (waiters and waitresses) look very bad.',1
'50 is just another gangsta rappa who should be in prison.',1
'if you needa make books into movies your desperate for $$$ and cannot create any of your own ideas...lol besides that needing handsome young teen movie characters is another reason to add to the $$$.. get some creativity once in a while.......like lucas....',1
'That looks like the field in Frisco Texas',0
'I am really interested to find out the intellectual capacity of the those that voted thumbs down on my previous comment.\r\n \r\nI guess these are the same people that look to a Holy Book (whether it is the Bible, Koran, Torah, etc.) over science when crtical thinking becomes too hard.',0
'John Mayo.. I am the farthest thing from illiterate and light years further away from being an idiot. I am more than capable of spelling probably; too bad you are too much of a social retard to recognize slang or shorthand. However since you are all about spelling and proper grammar..lemme spell out this for you: SUCK A FAT ONE. :)',1
'I'm starting to get the munchies',1
'Wow talk about a double hit to make oneself more wealthier than they already are, use children to work for them, make their payment a gun in the face then make us pay by jacking up the prices. Talk about greed',1
'not sure if mpg really means anything anymore.\r\n\r\ni mean people will know that small cars and small engines will get better mpg than a big truck with big engine and empty cargo bed.',1
'Scott the wanderer- are we so damn reliant on chocolate that we don't care that children labor for it and under such conditions? They aren't selling medical science they are selling CHOCOLATE, put down the candy bar already, only in America',1
'Child labor? If so, shut them down ASAP. I will not buy another Hershey product until I know they no longer exploit and abuse children. My opinion only.',1
'Does this simply reflect women who think that they are on your level?  I agree that arrogance isn't nice, but some men are insecure if they feel that a woman has something that they don't have. \r\n  \r\nPS.  I'm married to a wonderful man.  While I do have more education than he does, we each have a unique set of strengths and weaknesses that complement each other.',1
'At least someone is endorsing Romney.',0
'During the Industrial Revolution we needed unions to overcome unjust, unequal, and unregulated labor practices.  With that said, Unions are now one of the biggest problems we have in America.  Too much power in the hands of those with NO sense of responsibility to community is crazy.  In a time of Disaster 'one nation' needs to pull together.  If the IBEW is indeed rejecting the assistance of Non-union electrical workers, from other areas of the country, it is disgraceful.  Time to end the 'nice-guy' relationship between the Union's and the current administration that supports them.  If this is what comes from years of 'special' treatment with the Union's it’s time to change.  The citizens of our country deserve the best from those who are offering to help them in a time of need.  Obummer’s administration needs to stand-up and take the Union’s on, and file criminal charges against those who intimidate those non-union trades that are responding.',1
'Avoid the speeding ticket? Get on the brakes if you are caught driving over the limit. \r\n  \r\nWe were doing 85 in a 70 and passed a trooper going the other way. He whipped around \r\nand lit us up. \r\n  \r\nAfter he wrote the ticket he told the driver that his purpose was to slow people down, and \r\nif we had at least tapped our brakes and acknowledged him by slowing he would have \r\nlet us go. Not doing so left him with no choice but to make the stop.',1
'Pure envy against the wealthy. Make something happen for yourself Francella and quit wanting what others have. It didn't work in the Soviet Union, Cambodia or Cuba and it will not work here.....But don't worry. You will get your handouts even when Romney is president.',1
'i like this show',1
'Actually Clinton had a shot at Osama and the cheating punk didn't take it get your facts straight!',1
'I have a feeling that little bird is one of our enemies CK.....brand new, copying J Bird's screen name and picture...and now following closely after us.....what gives tiny baby bird...come on out......I have some bird food for you....LOL',1
'Ok.  I guess you are at least honest about who the WE was that screwed up the economy and lead to Obama's election.',1
'Sales have gone down because there are so many knockoffs selling them at 20 bucks a pair.',1
'Who the hell would want to watch a show about this disgusting bit*h??',1
'If I could just play devils advocate here. None of you guys know the circumstances. \r\nMaybe it was her kids birthday and all they wanted was to go out to eat with his/hers friends from school. \r\nMaybe that single mom had enough money just for the dinner and ice cream or dessert somewhere else when they left. If they tipped they wouldn't have enough for dessert.\r\n\r\nThat waiter or waitress probably collected tips from 20 tables that night. \r\nThey will get over it and im sure every shift somebody leaves more than the recommended percentage. So that will make up for it.\r\nLeave single parents the F%$Ck alone !',1
'Who cares what anyone thinks about me?  I'm Allah...ooops, I mean God.',1
'Tesla as car of the year. Hey Romney, haven't you constantly been throwing Tesla under the buss when mentioning Obama's failures?',1
'Yes, as a kid my little home town was hit with a major flood and it was amazing to see the kindness of all of the folks coming together to help each other.....it was wonderful to have folks like that around.  Kudos to these people for helping out Sandy's victims!!!  Sure hope their lives will be restored soon for all of their sakes!!',1
'aww that was sweet. Poor lady.',1
'Living in South Florida we are used to the madness after the storm passes. At first everyone is nice, caring and worried even about strangers they meet right afterwards.But then after a few days people are pushing and shoving and cursing each other out...not everyone but a lot do... It get worse as time goes on. I pray that things get back to normal as quickly as possible, Be patient, be courtesous and keep a sense of humor!',0
'I agree, psyched.  Excellent examination of the REAL MARKET movement.\r\nGraustark, we salute you, sir.  Thanks very much. \r\n\r\nOKAY THEN,.....back to lynching Obama.',1
'PS tell your buddy he better find somebody better to troll me than you...LOL. This one was sad     :(',1
'Really, I thought most farmers voted democrat to keep those subsidies rolling in......',1
'It is well known that the Republican party in general loves to throw religion in your face.  I think the point was that the average American would see this as a pro-Republican shirt.  Just because it doesn't directly state it doesn't mean that it wasn't implied.  And yes, I do realize that not all Republicans follow the Bible and many Democrats do.  That is not the point.',1
'I love UGG boots, not for their looks, for their comfort and warmth, easy on, easy off and have worn them for probably over 20 years; having said that, I can no longer afford them, no boots and no slippers for myself, my husband and our grandchildren.  Sad to hear they are doing poorly, but join the crowd aren't we all!!!!',1
'Among women with comparable risk factors, planned home birth had two or three times higher the risk of neonatal mortality, (depending on which study one reads.) \r\n My inner earth goddess believes parents should make choices that work for them and please themselves in birthing options. \r\n But, no way childbirth is less dangerous simply because I too support women who choose midwifery.',1
'Poor, lackadaisical service == little or no tip',1
'I just read the article about the new Chinese Stealth fighter, the J-31. A smaller version of the  \r\nJ-20. Who do you think provided the funding for this ? I'll give you a hint- China is holding OUR debt. \r\nYea, that's right, Obama and his spending fool hardy Dem's. (Excuse me- I have to throw up) \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nOK- you have a even clearer choice who to vote for. Are you going to vote for Obama, who coddled our enemies and financed their war machines ? Or will you vote for Romney, who puts America' s welfare first ? \r\n4 MORE DAY'S UNTIL WE ELECT A NEW PRESIDENT, WHO CAN LEAD!! ROMNEY/RYAN 2012!!',1
'No, to each its own!',1
'Favorite part, Carrie and Brad poking fun at Taylor Swift over the Reagans. She clearly was not happy! All in all it was a good show!',1
'He looks as if he doesn't have a care in the world...He knows that this election is IN THE BAG....Romney give it up and go away!!! \r\n  \r\nOBAMA/BIDEN 2012',0
'No, not a fan,  the name scares me...',1
'This is a picture of the man that is the head of our military....OMG, we do need help.....',1
'Yes, he is a "muslin".  And quite pliable, too.  Ha ha ha ha...OMG the jokes never end.',1
'Just shameful......you, Chris, really disappointment me with this one.....really I didn't think you had it in you to play this dirty.....you need to remove his address right now....this is OVER the line',1
'lol - explains the look of contempt on his face.',1
'Cool commercial? Smart?  Haaahaaahaaaaa. Shows what kind of clown you are.',0
'I was raised on real country Don Gibson, Jim Reeves, Waylon, Dolly etc all great artists, we have a new country hero that gets no air play but get his cds and give a listen Jamey Johnston real country pays tribute to Waylon and NOT given the proper attention  You won't be disappointed. \r\nthe CMA is not country',1
'Not a fan of Apple but its dishonest to wait this long to file a claim hoping to cash in on the profits.  Total BS.  Pull everything out of there including the support staff and see how that works.',1
'LOL!!! No access to birth control?!?!  Are you serious???? How about just not screw??  Talk about selfish!! Knowingly do an act that could bring about a baby?  Damn, no wonder you're underemployed... no one would hire an idoti!!\r\n \r\nGreedy? No morals??  Why, because I don't support a country like the African nations?  They've lived that way so long, it's common place.  They fights and kill each other out of normalacy, and I should worry about it??  Damn, that's just stupid...',1
'Use some of the money for a thigh master and a call to Jenny Craig.',1
'Living here in Argentina I can tell you it is done solely in the hopes for a re-relection of Queen Cristina, leader of the 2nd most corrupt government in Latin America.  This is a disaster for Argentina.',1
'Are you kidding me.  The make the product so good that they last.  I have at least 20 pair at my house between me and my 2 girls.  Just bought the Breast Cancer Special Edition boots for my daughter and they both have a pair each on their Christmas list.  Guess it's time to put the waterproof on all th boots again might be selling them on ebay if peopel can't buy them anymore. :)  Love Ugg boots.',1
'Are you saying that engineers, doctors, lawyers, accountants, bankers, financial analysts make less than tradesmen??  I made the same amount of money at my first professional job out of college as most blue collar were making after 10 years with their messed up backs, knees, shoulders, carpal tunnels, etc.  Stop smoking weed and get a real job hippie.\r\n \r\nPeople who have college degrees and work retail are the ones with these 10 useless degrees and got "C"s in them.  I always laugh at blue collar people hating white collar people.  They know nothing about what it takes to get there.  If you paid attention in school and tried to learn something useful, you'd be driving nice cars, smelling good, and looking good all at the same time.  You had a choice.  You just chose the instant gratification.  Oh well, somebody's gotta clean my poo.  LOL.',1
'I think it's all of you whiny Mutt lovers that need to get over it!!',1
'There is a huge double standard here.  People keep using Bush as an excuse for Obama's failings and yet it is under Obama's lack of security and attention or experience to the job that has cost us lives in Bengazi, Libya, more terrorists in Afganistan and Iraq and who knows what else is happing that we don't know about or even care about?',1
'@ - So by you going SLOWER than everybody else on the road YOU are the direct reason for traffic jams and bottlenecks, so people feeling the need to speed to make up for lost time are the result! I also bet you like to drive slow in the left lane to muck things up as well!  It's drivers like you who are BELOW the speed limit when practically every other driver on the road is trying to pass you by!',1
'OW I'm home sick! I sure do miss Kenya',1
'One question; Isn't making false claims fraud?',1
'And his white opponent didn't do the same? Are you suggesting candidates wear bags over their heads?',1
'I agree, what happened to good ole country music!!!   All the artists sound the same, yelling, prancing & no real good country melody.    I would guess the older country artists don't even watch the CMA.',1
'You can't replace your pet.  I would sue.',1
'Never a dull moment.',1
'Last night made me realize how much I miss Waylon, Merle, Emmylou, Alan Jackson, George Strait and Travis Tritt.  I don't care if I ever hear Taylor Swift (I don't get it), Hunter Hayes, or any of the guys in black ball caps.  Remember when entertainers dressed up for this event?  So sad, traditional country seems to be dead.',1
'Who really cares.  Really',1
'You have no proof. \r\nThe story indicated that folks were not turned away. Unfortunately the headline draws you in with the opposite staement that contradicts the story. \r\n  \r\nSomeone your statement is bogus. Read what you wrote then explain how something is fact when you use the word "IF"..are allowed',1
'laurel345...stict to your guns girl!  Just like all the other sheeple (aka Obama followers) that follow the man regardless of the facts of failed policy after failed policy!  Another case of the blind leading the dumb.',1
'Typical black!',1
'Well he is a   n i g g e r.  Which makes him automatically guilty.  Probably been stealing and committing crimes since he could crawl. So I believe the accuser.',0
'Dovakin....Why are you being so hard on yourself????  I wouldn't say you were an a$$...You're more of a douchbag....',1
'Delirium...',1
'If Dumbo has his way the country would be broke and unable to pay the interest on the debt .',0
'His followers like him stupid looking though..... Das Pudding Pop',0
'Yo',1
'Man, I was trying to be nice with an earlier comment I made.  That was all a bunch of crap.  Didn't there used to be a separate class of music called Country Fried Rock, or Pop goes the Country or something?  What happened to that?  $30000 and 30 miles does not make a biker, and a fake southern twang accent does not make country.  That underwood girl may look nice and all, but all she does is scream like a pig farmer... higher note... scream louder... lower note... scream less, but scream.  And every one of them looked the same in their baseball caps.  Every band sounded the same.  It is all pop... just like that freaky dude with the sunglasses said "They wouldn't take me in rock because I wasn't rock enough... thanks country for letting me in".  Swift singing some Paris Cafe yuk up song at the CMA was just about the bottom.  And motorboatin might be funny to listen to half tanked at a party... but as super special song of the year?  People used to like country because it had its own beat, you could hear the words, and songs had meaning either happy or sad, and they were about real life.  Crapped out last night.',1
'Good for you! It's nice to see a spouse (male or female) be so supportive of their partner. Your wife is a very lucky woman! Can we start sending boys to you to train on how to be a decent human being? (Girls enroll next year...)',1
'Looks like PC is in Australia also..',1
'Maybe she needs to be more clear what she means by coming over to play with her ........!',1
'Truthfully, I don't know how I feel about that. If veterinarians are forced to raise their prices to inconceivable amounts to cover liability insurance, then many owners will not take their pets to the vet for routine care. Even animal shelters could lose dramatically on this. Their liability insurance would sky rocket, which means that the amount of money that they have to take in more animals will drop signficantly.  Less animals will ever make it to a shelter. And working in this field, I have heard more than a few owners say that they will just take the dog out in the backyard and shoot it. One threatened to run over his own dog if HS couldn't take it. (We took care of the situation!)\r\n \r\n A few may win big, but the vast majority could lose dramatically. This isn't an easy issue. If it were, all 50 states would have passed the law already. I would like to think that people are thinking about the best interests of pets and not the best interests of  pet owners.',1
'*Jonathan Berr: you have lost your credibility as a journalist with the public.  You write this article indicating full well your colleagues say that they stand by their story, then you write that is untrue.  Why in the world then would you waste your time to write a story that is supposedly "untrue"?  Your true political "colors" are showing.  Just to blast the "conservative media"? Hhhmmmm........',1
'Agree.',1
'"perfect-hair, nails, cute outfits, no bigger than a size 8"\r\n \r\nOh I would love to live in a real city. Where are you, Missy?\r\n \r\nWARNING: Do not, repeat, do NOT move to the Mid-west. Unless you are\r\n \r\nA) large enough to sit on a bar stool & make the seat "disappear". (Around here, these girls are "Scarlett O'Hara at a barbeque". Translation: these girls are surrounded by men.)\r\n \r\nB) willing to breed with no hopes, dreams, desires of your own.',1
'Their website is horrible.  They are too expensive.  They got rid of the style that everyone loved: the slip on; and , now have all these ugly styles.  You don't have to be a genius to figure it out.  I'll bet they're paying the CEO abundle to boot. Ha Ha.',1
'Now you know why she is a 'single mom.' \r\n \r\nWho could put up with a bitch like that?',1
'Admit it, you and (L)user are one and the same, arent you? \r\nWhat a paid political prostitute.  Hey, does this job count twice\r\nin the new stats today?',1
'troll',1
'Budweiser's management might make a few more bucks in a financial quarter by using cheaper hops, thinner bottles, and brewing beer out of rice mill floor sweepings, but they will be  going the way of every other formerly great company that trashed its brand value and market share by dumping  a lower quality product onto knowledgeable and once-loyal consumers and then blaming their marketing department because expensive advertising didn't get people to keep on buying the product. A consumer doesn't have to be a  genius-level golden-tastebud connoisseur to confidently determine the differences between crummy, OK, and really good beer, and there is a whole lot of beers available for about the same price as Bud.',1
'Awesome, so i guess that we are going to discriminate against those that have worked hard to get achieve their wealth in America?',1
'When you're really mad realize you'll get over it.  40+ years and my parents celebrated 70 years in June.',1
'Ex marine? Not as lean,not as mean but still a Marine!',1
'You are the one that needs to get neutered. What in the world makes you think that people have any more rights than any animal?',1
'I don't know, but I sure did like the last line from the reddit! ... that "he plans to waste more people's time and appeal the judge's decision". Haha, that's funny.',1
'MAYBE BAIN CAPITAL BOUGHT OUT YOUR COMPANY SO THEY COULD SELL OFF THE PARTS AND SEND THE JOBS TO CHINA!!! MORE THAN LIKELY IF YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW THE REASON WHY IT'S BECAUSE YOU WERE TOO DUMB TO KEEP.',1
'Damn! I should have told them to call it hurricane Romney and not Sandy! Now I'll have to make up a new lie about Romney.',1
'Incompetent morons!',1
'Sorry but we have been voting in Dem and Rep for far too long...\r\nThey are opposite wings of the same bird...\r\nRock paper and siccors\r\nWe the PEOPLE DESERVE A THIRD PARTY TO BREAK THE DEAD LOCK OF IN ACTIVITY AND BICKERING. \r\nRock and paper does ot constitute as a real game. No winner unless you have a third element. \r\nGov of NM Gary Johnson  Libertarian Party time to get back to the real constitution',1
'Ms. washington is the bomb I love her the whole cast is great',1
'So stupid,  People just need to get a life and stop acting like nazi's!!',1
'iFone no es aparato, es el nombre comercial de una compañía que da servicios de internet y telefonía.',1
'If you have to buy a foreign car, at least get one assembled here.  Leaf's were being built in Oppama, Japan.',1
'Which he played tonight in State College!',1
'I was a cop for 25 years.  I worked traffic and  patrol and finished up in upper management.  I wish I could summarize the ticket /warning debate but it isn't that simple.  Quotas, in my experience do exist, but not in every dept, or every shift or every squad.  I was never much of a ticket writer but it didn't hurt me.   Besides, even a quota ticket doesn't mean a ticket isn't warranted.  It just means the dept wants their people spending more time enforcing speed limits.   If i was to make any generalization at all, I would say most cops set a speed at which they normally write a ticket and stick to it.  Lane changing, running a red light, following too close are taken more on a case by case basis.  Also, seasoned, rational cops aren't rattled by the average citizen being upset over a ticket.  But unless you are sure you are dealing with one of them, I would suggest being respectful and non argumentive.  I also agree with going to court but no guarantees. Although not common,  I have seen judges giving thieves, bad check writer and drug users probation, and the next day in traffic court they are zapping routine traffic violators.',1
'The only people NOT endorsing Obama are Far Ultra Conservative Klan Evangelist Republican Southerners.',0
'Let's drink to that.',1
'Et tu Brute.....What do we change to....?......Somethi  ​ ng worse...?.....Been there, done that. !!',1
'I wish someone would do something about peta, like hang em all up by their toes until they starve then feed them to the wild animals as high protean really high fat food sources',0
'Having a baby is in no way a sacrifice, it is a blessing and an amazing experience when it's done naturally and without clinical intervention. Sure a man should have respect for our ability, but why should a man respect a woman who allows herself, and in turn her child to be pumped full of drugs? On the other hand uneducated and preyed upon by money hungry doctors who love the revenue they get from slicing women open for 'emergency' c-sections.',1
'I guess he deleted everything, since all I see is your posts. I thought you were talking about RT's creepy post which he deleted this morning after I made a comment. It won't be long and they will be dealt with. Sadly you won't be able to see them being hauled in unless it turns out you're called in to testify.',1
'Popa G = A Tranny Bigoted Foster Brooks(no disrespect to Foster Brooks he's a legend). I love how he even types with a hiccup.',1
'waste she says, hehe right, right Solyndra and 5 other "failed" "green" energy nonsense companies that don't have any market, talk 'bout waste!!! and God knows where the rest of the 800BILLION dollars went for various other crony capitalism schemes your bullshiiiit artist messiah had his hands in!',1
'I'm a scuba diver and not just in diver training, but in many shows I've seen on TV you're told the best way to discourage a shark is to punch it in the nose.  It's very sensitive.  So I don't know if it's a novel idea, just smart!  \r\n \r\nGood work, Scott, for keeping your cool and living to tell about it!',1
'Shave women.. Or lose your men. Whichever.',1
'little bastard should have listened',0
'weariness to the body brings rest to the soul.',1
'There is another word for officer discretion. It is officer prejudice. If am am traveling 10 miles per hour over the speed limit and you are traveling 10 miles per hour and we each get pulled over and one of us gets a ticket and the other doesn't, there is something grossly wrong with our criminal justice system. Maybe I was more black than you, maybe you were more female and attractive, maybe you attend the same church as the officer, or maybe the officer and I are each Redskin fans, or maybe if you and I have each exhibited the same behavior, perhaps we should each receive the same consequences. Police prejudice in many forms exists across this nation (see stop and frisk in New York City as just one example). When an officer contacts dispatch and informs dispatch that he or she is making a stop for a traffic violation, the decision should be made then. You have either violated a law or you haven't, who you are, how you act, or how you communicate with an officer should have nothing to do with a decision to issue you a ticket. Should we do the same thing with murder. Yeah, she killed her children, but she sure was nice and attractive when the police contacted her to investigate the situation. It's prejudice and should be seen as the misconduct which it is, plain and simple.',1
'Because the German specialist had a vision?',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Please, I don't think I will even watch American Idol at all mainly because I can't stand sight of Nicki M\r\nShe will be the final nail to stop this show  What were they thinking getting her.   Kermit the Frog would have have been a better choice..',1
'Totally agree with Rancic!  Good for her for voicing her view.  As a mother who also struggled with infertility, it is very disheartening to see all these teens who do not understand what an amazing miracle it is to have a child.  When you are struggling and attempting every possible treatment to have your own child you begin to feel jealous and envious of those who are able to conceive so easily, especially those who take it for granted.',1
'Oh, and, I'm telling you you don't know diddly squat about me because you don't... and yet you've assumed much.  Pretty straight forward actually.',1
'Gore is no idiot.. He dreamed this global warming hype up to get a new tax from nothing and now has millions of sheep folowers begging to hand him their stack of cash.. Psy. Ops. on all of us..',1
'An educated woman I love it.  Hopefully that education will help her with the housework.  Maybe a physics course so she can understand how  a heat transfer helps my eggs cook.  Now get in the kitchen ****.',1
'Why isn't she nude?',1
'at Farmkid1 In order for something to be true.. it has to be true. Do you know of any of the kids parents who kept it, used it or sold it? This article reads like oh well some coke for the kids bet the parents are bummed cuz we all know many parents do coke! Which as a parent is insulting!',1
'"Starting in 2014, the federal government will require you to have health insurance. That's when the individual mandate goes into effect under the Affordable Care Act." \r\n  \r\nSo those who can't afford it now at any cost are required to buy it or pay a fine and go further in debt? Hey Obama, how is this going to help these folks? Maybe you could just pass a law saying no one can be poor anymore and problem solved. \r\n  \r\nIf you think you will get affordable health care, then think agian. The switch and bait rates are now in affect for a few, but after everyone is locked in, the rates will rise as insurance companies are already asking for rate hikes. You who have your company paying most of your costs, will soon have your plans dropped, thus you will pay 100% of the costs. Not cheaper.   \r\n  \r\nGovernment run health care will never be cheaper, better quality, nor more efficient. Don't think so? All I can say is DMV, TAS, IRS, FEMA, INS, Welfare...etc.',1
'"Light him up again!"',0
'If you were able to make "nice" lunches and "cool" drinks then it is so obvious you weren't in the Katrina mess. People like you are sickening.  Do you lie to yourself when looking in the mirror and tell yourself your not fat and ugly?',1
'its not's the fact that he pulled out the gun, fools.  It's the reason why...utterly ridiculous.',1
'Compromise, trust and a good sense of humor.  Because you will not always win the argument and sometimes you will end up with egg on your face and one day you will laugh about it!\r\nBeing friends is also a plus because romance cools off, children leave and you are left together to live everyday.',1
'Its funny that it mentions kids...  You know what?  I waited 17 years in my marriage to have kids and it still is tough 10 years later because you cannot account for the variables they add to your life.  Let alone the variables that life throws at you otherwise.  I have a two sets of friends that have skated through life without job loss, or any other significant "X" factor that you cannot account for in your life... One set does not have kids and do not intend to have kids.  I am happy for them for their good luck.  Credit cards almost become a necessity in many ways as a result of having kids and just overall life situations.  You cannot control those things.',1
'The dog is dead. There is nothing the shelter can do to change that. It stinks to lose a loved pet but people need to move on. Matt should accept the free cremation and adoption.',0
'Right wing wackos!',1
'It`s stupid tp quote employment or unemployment numbers.10,000 a day retire and who knows \r\nhow many die each day who are employed..',0
'??? You're not my mother!',1
'Out of touch... or just "touched"?',1
'Basically, what I read in that is he's just hearing the same thing over and over again.',1
'It's a statement to society and seems cool at the time to look as pale as you can with jet black hair and sing words about death and blasphemy God. Kinda ironic that most comments include "thoughts and prayers". This is not meant to be a slam or a cute comment. This is maybe a reality check for the one's still living. Your souls eternity has two choices and you make that choice while you are living.',1
'You raise a valid point: Since we don't know how you drive, where you drive, whether or not you have the A/C compressor operating, what your tire pressures are, if you ride your brakes, etc., etc., we will never know how to evaluate individual cases. I noticed my fuel mileage suffering dramatically after my 17 year-old got his first car. I thought, with him driving my car less, that I would get better mileage; then I caught him syphoning gas from my car. Hmmm.',1
'She looks like the female version of the Joker',1
'She probably sought out a restaurant that didn't automatically add a tip for  The responsible thing would have been to pick a less expensive restaurant or have a limited menu (which many places will type up and print for you, or you can do it yourself)',1
'"Former drug addict"????.....are you sure about that???????  He lost 90 pounds in 6 months working with a nutritionis and physical trainer??????  Yeah, sure he did!!',1
'Your sisters voted too, all shucks, that's great!',1
'Absolute on the rocks is calling my name, got to answer. Have a good night.',0
'Give Kobe a break, he was born of rape, so was Reverend Jessie Jackson.',0
'seniors dating,check my name',0
'Not much of a hint given but no need to smack talk the guy. I can't wait to see it and thought his interview was appropriate. He's awesome and a great actor.',1
'You are right! I always say it is not what you make it is what you keep. I retired 2 years ago on a small pension and my savings. This was only possible because I have 0 debt and have been that way for 5 years prior to retirement. I will be eligible for SS next September then I will be able to save a little and up my fun budget. I feel fortunate to be able to do this but I did set this path 40 years ago. In a nut shell, debt is the big key in my opinion',1
'Another sign of the impending apocalypse.',1
'What the hell is going on here? lol',1
'I have been avoiding Hershey products since they put Americans out of jobs and moved their operations to China.    I would like to say that with this latest news I will actively campaign that none of my friends, family, acquaintances buy Hershey products, but the question remains what will be the impact on those depending on the forced labor?',1
'Hersey's was founded by John Snavely Hershey, a Mennonite. Mennonites are known for involvement with social concerns, and Hershey - who helped many -  would have been appalled if a child labor connection proved true. I seem to recall years ago, during the Three Mile Island meltdown, that Hershey's assured customers that their chocolate was safe. Much of the milk used in making it came from dairy farms around that nuclear plant, and cows are known to absorb radioactive matter into their milk extremely well. Corporate spin for the almighty dollar. Nothing new.',1
'I always thought the name of the boot was short 2 letters. UGGly is more like it. They are way over priced. A good pair of quality boots can easily fetch several hundred dollars. These arent even close to being worth that!',1
'farthest from the truth',1
'It must be nice to be white.Been pulled over and get a ticket eveytime.not so much as i get older but a ticket i am happy. just to be alive or not in jail',0
'Smart Move...',1
'Your talking about the idiot who is banning large sodas. Who should care what he thinks or says.',1
'If I burn your home down, can i call that "freedom of speech" ?',1
'Career politicians who suck the life out of America! There's not enough wooden stakes in the world deal with all!',1
'You know they were bred as fighting dogs right?  Bred to fight, bred to kill.  I'll admit they tend to be gentle giants, but people tend to forget their origins.',1
'I been pulled over 7 times in my 15 years of driving. Four resulted in warnings and three resulted in tickets. I believe if you are pleasant and honest and have a clean driving record that will reduce your chances of getting a ticket. It can also depend on the mood of the officer and if theyre looking to increase revenue, on the occasions that I did receive a ticket I tried to play the honest and pleasant role but the officers seemed to have been parked/hiding on the side looking to ticket someone.',1
'he was talking about Kneon_Knight not knowing the difference between ignorant & stupid, and how ridicilous Kneon_Knight sounded when he tried , very stupidly to mock someone who actually does know the difference between stupid & ignorant.  It was a delicious irony.  For example, Kneon is both ignorant on many subjects, but is stupid in most all he says and does.',1
'elwood that was perfect :)',1
'they last for 10 years because you wear them for a day and spend the next 9 years and 364 days hidden in the back of your closet as you swear to yourself you will never drunk shop again',1
'A 'hickey".  Small town Iowa in the mid-50's.  I was about 9, perhaps 10 years old.  My older brother, and a friend of his and I went to a house where a teenage girl lived.  Her parents were gone at the time and she had 2 of her friends with her.  They said they had no candy, but would give me a hickey.  Not knowing what it was, I figured 'what the heck", I'll take it if they have no treats.  The girl who lived there convinced me to stand there, saying I'd like what she was going to do.  Honestly I didn't feel much at all, just the mild feel of her at my neck.  She stood back after a few seconds and laughed.  No one told me about it until we'd left & my brother & his pal were laughing.  They told me what had happened & I was so embarrassed that when we got home and my mother asked me what it was, I told her I was running and ran into the crossbar on a clothes line.  She told me I should be more careful.  <shaking my head>',1
'I'm sorry but this  made me shake my head---  STOP doing things to get a ticket  OMG  !!!!!  I would delete your post off if I were you.',1
'results are based on unwavering conditions and drove in a way to maximize the results. No one drives that way in reality.',1
'DANG I HATE IT WHEN MY CAPS LOCK BUTTON BREAKS BECAUSE IT MAKES IT VERY DIFFICULT TO READ.',1
'Sure they can, if they want a kid that is dumb as f@#&',1
'I am sure John is overjoyed!',1
'LOSER ALERT; crawl back into your cave in Afganistan Mud!',1
'She can wear a Burka to let the voters know how and where the Christian Taliban is competing to compare with the Afgan Taliban. \r\nThe poor women is actually fighting to begin the journey of voting away her rights. \r\n  \r\nOf course! She wants to be eventually kept barefoot and panty-less, and without contraceptives, make as many babies as her conservative husband can tally.',1
'You're an idiot and have been reported.',0
'If you think that real science precludes statistical predictions, you are a science illiterate.  Your science illiteracy does not refute the actual climate science.',1
'There's also a lot of courageous people out there making a difference in the world.',1
'And these very same people have no objections to corporations belonging to unions, which is usually the case. Their unions are called associations; same thing, different name.',1
'Crooks would be CHEVY AND CHRYSLER!!!  Buy FORD NO BAILOUT $$$$',1
'Shishi-Maru',1
'Only good things that came from this show are Clarkson, Underwood, and Phillip Phillips (LOVE his new single "Home"!).  I stopped watching this show several seasons ago.  It'll get the ax soon.  It has been losing steam over the years.  I watch The Voice.  MUCH better show, with AMAZING talent.  So much more enjoyable to watch and even better, Ryan Seacrest doesn't host it!!!!',1
'Funny story.Years ago I was on the Will Rodgers TP in OK. speed limit then was 70,I was doing about 85-90 topped a small rise and there sat the radar car,the chase car was about a half mile away,I slowed down to about 45-50 as I approached the chase car the OK state trooper walked to the side of the road motioned for me to slow down,wagged his finger  as if to scold me for speeding,then motioned for me to go on.I did not go over the speed limit again until I got out of the state.I had PA plates on the car.',1
'thomas \r\n  \r\nTurn of the century is the hey phrase, dumbo. \r\n  \r\nWhere do you get biggotted??? Oh thats right, if you don't have a credible arguement you have to throw the race card.  \r\n  \r\nYour idol in chief is the racist and he loves you union PUKES.  \r\n  \r\nRev j. wright just loves to hate whites and so do the obamas. 20 years of proof there.',1
'$ 7.00 jobs, no benefits =Corporate greed. Move to China Charliebdumb',1
'Awesome.',0
'KOO, I bet you and the rest of the dems need all that government assistance cuz you are so brilliant.',1
'Uumm....That's not a fair question....NO ONE likes Mittens....',1
'I hope I don't meet YOU, because leaving $10 on a $140 check is just rude. McDonalds is your kind of place.',1
'Thats awesome,,,good post  you win',1
'how much did they drink before doing this study?',1
'What has happened to the animals that got caught in Sandy and now a winter snow storm is brewing up?  FEMA and the Red Cross do not have enough members who are able to volunteer.',1
'I agree with most comments -- country ain't country anymore!  (Someone should write a song.)  I am glad for all the winners, but there needs to be a different name for their music - it's NOT country.',1
'No.',1
'They intend to find the cause as quickly as possible.\r\n \r\nI'm no mechanic or electrician, but could the fires have been caused by the cars being SUBMERGED IN SEAWATER?!?',1
'Really? I am sorry, this is not disrespectful. They are effected by this storm, they are residents there.....people from the rest of the country aren't fleeing up there to use it. They are making light of a horrible situation. Sure, they probably should be helping in the relief efforts, but chances are. if they weren't skating they wouldn't be helping anyway.....at least they aren't rioting, or luting. Leave them be.....',1
'Nope. They are over-priced for what they are and not that attractive overall. If you want warmth and style, go with Steger Mukluks--so warm and comfy, you'll never want to take them off! And I go between Iowa & Minnesota where warmth is a definite must-have.',1
'we should raise the age and restrict voting to persons who are not receiving public assistance (food stamps, welfare, unemployment compensation ect...),',1
'Jack - maybe you should move up to the Colorado High Country.  Almost everyone up here exercises and is in good health.  I am 50 years old, although most people think I am about 35.  We are not city people - we live simply and drama-free and I wouldn't have it any other way.',1
'"The dead are living…"  but we can't find him',1
'+1',1
'Thank you for the reminder Be A Live Star, they're waaaay behind Android devices.  What they have is old technology, what's worse is they cry like babies and try to sue and bully anyone that has better technology than theirs, which is a few companies out there.',1
'Unfortunately, most of the people who demonize unions have little knowledge of the history of labor relations in this country.  Lack of education, resulting in lousy job prospects, combined with an unrelenting right-wing business campaign against unions on talk radio and Fox News, results in jealousy and hatred of people who belong to unions.  The result is people blaming unions for business conditions that are the result of corporate greed, as demonstrated by the outsourcing of work overseas, while executive pay has gone through the roof.',1
'No fair Deemy, I asked first...I'm waiting....',1
'Modern (at that time, even) country had gotten so bad that Johnny Cash started recording something else (I don't know how you'd classify it; folk maybe). 'Course ol' JR was always more of a "rockabilly" kid; not a whole lot of fiddle or steel in his music (good music just the same. I'm not knocking it). We still have Merle Haggard, Ray Price, and Willie Nelson, but you don't see any of them making much of a ripple in the waters of "corporate country" radio. The only thing that will turn this industry around is if people quit buying this mass-marketed cookie cutter garbage, or if enough people START buying traditional country music product. The business follows the money!',1
'Students should be *allowed* to hug, certainly, although everyone must  learn to avoid the jerks who actually attempt to inflict injury instead of express affection.  They are the ones who need discipline.  There are other potential social issues, but simply forbidding hugs does not teach anyone anything with respect to resolving them.',1
'If only Romney could be a champion of women like "he only killed one" Teddy.  Or perhaps a rapist and womanizer like Billy Bob.',0
'I don't see the glamour, or the logic. just mindless pics!',1
'J Bird...\r\nHow about the 8,300+ of our brave young men and women in uniform that died for the false bravado, the miscalculations, and the John Wayne 'shoot first ask questions later' mentality of the Bush / Cheney "braintrust" that got us into two needless, bloody and costly wars for absolutely no reason other than them being complete idiots.',1
'False rally yesterday? False data today? SSDD Go ahead! Elect Mitt Romney!',1
'One time when I went trick-or-treat, some dude gave me an ounce of meth and 20 grams of crack. I was up til Christmas!',1
'You are absolutely right!! She's NOT country and never has been! I change the channel whenever she comes on.',1
'I'm a metalhead and I never heard of this band.',1
'im not a bolo tie wearing,warrant listening to,mullet wearing sub-douche \r\n \r\nso,no,ive never worn uhg boots',1
'can we have all as a slide?',1
'Unions in the 60's and 70's were good for the worker. They protected your seniority, pay scale and most of all your safety at work. And yes they do a better job than non-union workers. Today it seem like the only thing the union wants is your money.  I'm glad they turned the workers away but then again, when in a "State of Emergency" I would work beside a non union employer. Just to get the power back on for the citizens of NJ.',1
'To many think its the president who makes laws.  Its congress.  All are owned and its a whole different topic.  We live and compete in a global world now and 2-4-6-8 years of college are normal now.  Men are lagging behind with 47% earning some type of degree.',1
'it seems the machines are becoming self-aware. i know you're enthusiatistic about him, little buds, but as much as i hate Romney, this has to be a fair game!',1
'Actually!!!!! Its there for every enemy you made friends with..... The only one acting tough is you.... And I imagine you're only acting tough because you lack education.... The meth you use makes you feel invinsible as well as the crack you smoke..... I bet you have tracers all over your nasty worn out body!!! Ewwwwwwww.... Spin a top your finger...',0
'Just stop it, already.  \r\n\r\nMy avatar is coming over to beat up your avatar!\r\n\r\nThere, we all better go to the shelters now...Ha ha ha ha...',1
'Typical MSN mis-lead.',1
'I cannot wait until Obama beats your punk **** retardican candidate!\r\n \r\nLOL!',1
'What an idiot, taking pics like that in the middle of a disaster. Btw, what movie/TV show is picture number 13 from?',1
'TR, that is some anger. I guess when you are not bright enough or skilled enough to make it on your own , just ask the government to redistribute your share. FYI , you are not poor because someone else is rich, you are poor due to your own shortcomings.',1
'Are you talking about the same machines that voted for Bush?',1
'There is such a thing as climate change on the earth. It has happened before, it will happen again. Calling it "man made" is the issue. I, personally , do not believe it is "man made". We have had something like 5 ice ages on earth. I do not think there were any cars during any of them. We know that the oceans have been at many levels during the worlds history. I don't think fossil fuels were the issue then. I believe getting"research funding" has more to do with "scientific opinions" than anything else. Give us data about the earths orbit around the sun, the varying wobble of the earth, solar activity,etc. There is a more complete picture out there.  \r\n It does not mean we should not be good stewards of the earth, but maybe we need more and honest data not influenced by "funding".',1
'He is thinking "I got this, too easy".',1
'I was 'kind of' with the article until the last part. Marry the wrong person?!?! Really?!?! I guess if you life revolves around money that would be an issue.',1
'that broad doesnt look that good anyway',1
'NEWS ALERT...........! \r\n  \r\nThe people in New York and New Jersey are begging President Kardashian to get FEMA to send Wind Mills, Solar Panels and Electric Cars ASAP......they don't need no stinking fossil fuels......yuk yuk.',0
'I've had family members who have worked as either servers or bartenders, and knowing that servers get less then half of minimum wage opened my eyes to their plight. Anyone who cannot afford to pay gratuity should stay home and eat noodles.\r\n I mean, gee whizz! \r\nOn the other hand I have eaten out (and I like to eat well) and have given the server cash in hand as a tip, then put a small sum for a tip on the receipt. \r\nI tip very well for good service and just adequate for sorry service. I NEVER not tip.\r\nIf I can afford to eat out I have to figure in gratuity before I go. \r\nIf you feel you don't have to tip, then you should eat at fast-food places because they get paid at least minimum wages.',1
'Union madness is killling incentive, breaking pension funds, manipulating classes, \r\nand are a big part of what's wrong with our education system and our  plunging economy.  A protectorate formed to improve working conditions and pay base has \r\nlong since beocme something else entirely.  Supported by libs--who are tied to \r\ntheir big voting numbers (and their money) --- is it any wonder that misuse of \r\npriorities and loss of objective incentives have crashed our economy and our \r\nwork force along with it?   Check around, folks---learn the facts!',1
'Yeah...I'm wondering the same thing...',1
'SUE THE COP.  There is probably documentation in his personnel file that proves he did have Taser training.  Leave the Department alone.   Someone would probably try to sue the cop, his bosses, his department, the city, the makers of the Taser, the makers of the batteries in it, the school for "letting" this happen, the teachers present, the makers of the car the cop was driving, the makers of the holster the Taser was carried in!  The scary thing is with the way the courts are now-a-days, THEY WOULD PROBABLY WIN!!!',1
'It's obvious this woman has no concern about the baby or herself she looks deranged! halloween  or not... Someone enjoying the holiday could have been killed by this zombie drunk driver. I dislike nothing more than a drunk driver....Feel for the kid',1
'Looks like a giant budthole floating over New Jersey... Seems normal.',0
'They should stick a 'God Bless America' t-shirt on him, and drop him off in downtown F_ckedupistan, and see if he still thinks its funny. \r\n  \r\nTake dat!',0
'absolutely not!  I have cuter ones for a much better price!  As for durability-i've had my non-ugg boots for 5 years.  My firend has gone through 3-4 Uggs in the same time fram!',1
'The morons who invest their lives into relationships with goddamn ANIMALS instead of people are the real losers.',1
'You've got to have it to bet it. Your "god" is a bitch.',1
'"YELLER CAKE YARAINIUM"\r\n"YELLER CAKE YARAINIUM"\r\n"YELLER CAKE YARAINIUM"\r\n \r\nCome on... say it with me.... it'll make you feel better.... promise....',1
'@grandma12- Is that really the best you can do?',1
'Really? Medicare as a free healthcare choice? That's a sure way to improve our economic situation... And scamming off of business' Wi-Fi? Wow. Yes, we might do it, but it shouldn't be advocated. Last of all, most of these things are common knowledge. This was a poorly written article.',1
'I'm in Michigan right now and I love my Ugg boots. Truth is they are the warmest boots and I've bought many a pair. Yes, they are way too expensive but they last a long time and always keep your feet toasty warm. I'm a Texan at heart but since I'm stranded in Michigan I need warm feet!',1
'I wish that the politicians of today will receive the same treatment by the Law. I do understand  \r\nthat a big difference will be noticed: Officers will find impossible to just give "a warning" since \r\npoliticians don't know what telling the truth means...and the richer is the politician,, the bigger \r\nthe lies. It may be a good way to cut down the debt...',1
'Muslim just dropped that bomb before he got to the toilet',1
'TOO LATE....I got in 1 min before you....DOUCHE!!!',1
'I think Punish is too harsh a term.  We are considering that these rates - while seeming to be punitive - are an incentive to keep the economy from tanking once again.  I believe its working.  But we do Need More- By removing the Useless fronts for the ultra right wing of the R Party (AKA Tea Partiers) we can immediately move fiscal policy to the forefront again.  Anything, after 2 years of Nothing, will have the effect of motivating money again, even tax policy.  \r\n\r\nIf you are sincere about not enjoying monetary policy and central bank 'control', we must act together to re-elect people of either side willing to work together again as well, and thus, reignite the working fires of the legislative burners.',1
'You say you don't like\r\n \r\nthe national debt\r\nmy dealing with Israel\r\nthe amount of welfare paid out\r\nthe unemployment rate\r\nObamacare\r\nthe number of times I go golfing\r\nmy stand on abortion and gay marriage\r\nmy thoughts on who built your business\r\nHow I'm going to deal with Putin after the election\r\nand anything else\r\n \r\nHERE'S A QUARTER - CALL SOMEONE WHO CARES',1
'Hahahahahahahaha... Loser FREAK!!!! Idiot',0
'Freaky Franky rides the bits and bytes to stardom eh? I tried that and all of my hair slid off my head. Now it won't return no matter how much I try to coax it back. :-(',1
'The problem really is the poor children.  Facts are typically  that their families cannot manage without their help, and that no one is addressing how to help the families manage without sending 6 year olds  into the workplace.  Very sad and very wrong, but larger things have to be addressed other than child labor, adults should make at least enough from their work to be able to feed their kids too.',1
'Going to say that you got a thumbs down by the same athiest that gave me one, again, will now say thank you to the churches as they step in no matter what and no matter who',1
'What happened with George Strait??',1
'CK........he is posting Super Beast's address HELP ME STOP HIM NOW FOLLOW MY PROFILE',1
'yeh watch fox instead and romney will have 90% aproval rating and 10% undecided hahaha no negative at all. now that a truely non bias new cast',1
'The mean things you are saying....about finally being the end of those ugly boots....is pretty sad.  How many people will be put out of work if Uggs' goes out of business.  I like Ugg boots and I hope for their companies sake they can survive.  Pretty flippant MSN about peoples jobs and an american company going out of business.',1
'Its over.. Obama is a lock!!! \r\nEvery handicapper, every REAL numbers site has Obama getting 280 ECs now. \r\nIm not talking about dumb polls, Im not talking about MSNBC or FOX BS. Im talk about the REAL numbers, every betting site has Obama now at 3 to 1 over Romney. Intrade.com also shows its pretty much over. \r\nIf you think this is just BS, know that these sites have been 99% accurate over the years.',1
'All of you are scum! \r\n  \r\nDie all of you! \r\n  \r\nHar har har!',0
'Just because you wear a cowboy hat or cowboy boots doesn't make you country!  And saying "y'all" doesn't do it either.    When all of their music can cross over and be played on every other radio station on the dial, it isn't COUNTRY!',1
'receive health benefits, sure at a $1/yr and total coverage for their spouses. Join the real world and pay health insurance premiums just like everyone else. Legal citizens...BS, I know plenty of by-laws that exempt illegal immigrants to join, cuz all the union wants is their dues. Their corrupt, they've had their time and definately need to go. Unions will be the death of this country.',1
'Praise the lord.',1
'We cannot make a United States of Holland. You cannot build a levy around the coast lines of a whole world. And this is exactly what some authorities are suggesting, regardless of common sense, regardless of the facts sitting right in front of our eyes.\r\n \r\nOnce again, we have been reminded of the most obvious fact -- that nature (like an ocean) is going to go where ever nature wants. Placing the majority of a country's population along one coast line that was suceptible to hurricanes was just looking for trouble.\r\n \r\nWhat we should be doing now is asking ourselves how would you honestly classify the investment value of a city, like New Orleans, that has levies on all sides and resides well below the level of the ocean, and will one day flood permanently? And in sorting through the debris that is New York City and Hoboken, how do we avoid the fact that we have more than just one New Orleans right here in in the present to deal with.\r\n\r\nThis whole business about "shining cities by the sea" said nothing about how dry they would be.',1
'Because a cop and a teacher receive acurate pay a salary. Wait staff and most ma and pas receive less then $4 an hour! Wait staff do not receive normal minimum wage- there expected to earn the other half from customers.',1
'I honestly don't believe there was even an error on misfiled paperwork.  I believe that this shelter, knowing this dog was being quarantined for jumping on a pizza guy, took it upon themselves to kill this poor dog.  We lived in Georgia for three years, and you would be shocked and appalled at how often the drivers down there would purposely swerve to hit the dogs that would wander onto the roads.  Iam so sorry for this family and what they are going through. It is a shame that this young man had to suffer this loss in such a devastating manner, without preparing him for, what Iam assuming, is his first loss of a pet.',1
'Please ignore troll.\r\nI commend you for giving tips of the trade to folks who SHOULD heed them. I have worked in the service industry, but  was paid a good salary (Management). \r\nServing is a very difficult career, and not everyone is cut out for it.\r\nThank you for your hard work and dedication.',1
'Different magazines get different results because of the driving, not the car. The EPA performs very scientific tests to estimate MPG. And remember, its only an estimate. All the commercials even say estimate. You cannot rely on that number to be true for all drivers.  \r\n Driving behavior is the #1 killer of MPG. If you drive over 60 MPH on the freeway, you won't match the EPA estimates. If you accelerate hard, you might as well throw dollar bills out the window. If you speed, no way will you get EPA numbers.  \r\n I drive a 98 civic that is rated around 40 MPG highway and can easily get that. The car is 16 years old with almost 200,000 miles and I get better MPG than most newer compact cars. It is how you drive that effects MPG, not the number on the window sticker.',1
'Well, OK.  We are sorry you're an idiot.',1
'I don't keep pets.',1
'Whoever has written this article has no concept of compound interest and investments. I make 40k a year. I invest 15% of my take home pay, and have done this since I was 16. Right now, I am 31 and have $400,000 in my retirement. I have another 30 + years of work and will have about $11 million in retirement. It can be done. I get 13% on my investments in good growth stock mutual funds. I never carried debt, and do not have a credit card to my name. I also saved and paid cash for a condo. Believe me, if you sacrifice, IT CAN BE DONE!',1
'WOW, THE TRUTH BE KNOWN',1
'Yet another all capitals rant about an article you hated so much that you had to take 10 min out of your day to read it and post. Well, I say 10 min, lets be honest there were a lot of words in that piece, maybe a half hour? Do you take breaks between paragraphs to get a juice box?',1
'Not concerned at all about the security of nude pics on my phone, because I don't have any on there.',1
'It's about  time LBT got their just rewards.  Congrats LBT.  Now go an party on that "Pontooon"!',1
'That's wrong Bubba but funny!',1
'But still making more sense than Ryan or Romney =)',1
'A good, practical answer.  Knew a lady who taught her dog to do this.  One day, when left alone for a long time, he helped himself to much that she had in her frig.  He did leave her the beer.',1
'just a dumb ****ing woman, as you know, some dumb ****.',1
'Being best friends first... 30+ years.',1
'THERE IT IS....YOUR EX PAYS NO CHILD SUPPORT AND WORKS FOR CA**** funny how these people have a few stories about someone taking advantage and apply that kind of mentality to WORKING AMERICANS.  It really shows the educational level of the majority of this society.  Everyone gets their information from someone else so they all have the same story just different versions, nobody bothers to think about their OWN opinion.',1
'What is real? The story is very ambiguous.  Without the union the democRATic party would be doomed to the former Soviet Union.',1
'I don't see anything wrong with her taking pictures. She posed in front of some fallen trees and smashed cars. It's not like she posed  in front of completely destroyed homes or with dead bodies and animal eaten corpses like the ones that were floating around New Orleans after Katrina. Oh yea, I forgot, who cares about Katrina which was a REAL disaster compared to bunch of whiny northerners who got aid from the government ASAP before, during, and after Sandy.',1
'Would you like to know how racism is still alive?... Just look at what the minorities are stating on this page..... They sound more racist than white people ever could... It doesn't matter what color THEY are... Everyone of them only have one color they dislike..... The White Man..... Everything is the white mans fault',0
'I think it should be a rule that you HAVE to hug your class mates at the start of class. I mean it doesn't have to be a full on chest on chest hug, it can be an awkward @ss out hug, but at least it teaches people to be kind.....who knows, one simple hug can save someone on the verge of taking their life from doing so.',1
'It's a costume! That's what people do on Halloween. Now, I am not one who cares for him. But he was dressing up for Halloween. That's okay as far as I am concerned.',1
'Something to think about:  if you reversed the genders in your story you would be considered a chauvenist, sexist jerk, for claiming that it's "your" money and that your spouse was a kept woman.     \r\n  \r\nWhat's good for the gander is good for the goose.',0
'Sorry jw but I have been retired for 2 years and have been able to avoid all your problems, but I did set in motion a few things that I will share with you. First got rid of the house, now the teachers union and the rest of the leaches here in NY state can't tax me anymore for my property. NY state also doesn't tax my SS and exempts 20k of my pension and with the personal deduction of 7500, why I am poor in the state's eyes. The Federal gov is different situation, no matter where you live. Down sized the cars to one, walk to the store etc, and drive very little so gas, well who cares what that goes up to. Next got all my money out of the stock market tired of watch the rigged game go against me. And moved just about all into gold and silver. That way when everyone else as you say routine bills are going up, guess what you real money is worth the same in purchasing power, you never lose ground. And everyday as barry and benny and the ink jet keep printing more and more worthless Federal Reserve notes, why my real money keeps growing. And since I have tons of time, I don't buy anything unless it is on sale, pre Christmas, birthday shop etc, and food shopping the same. So cheer up I know the country is in the tubes and you can't save it, but you can save yourself, good luck, because after Nov 6th we are sure going to need it.',1
'funny how the liberals use cartoons and sesame street to reach out to their potential voters.',1
'Interesting that that the market is declining after this this mornings glowing economics reports that will propel Obama to victory. Evidently, most traders believe. as I do, these numbers are bogus and irrelevant as indicators of our future economic well being.',1
'In a tough economy, I think this might be a great way to make some extra cash. Mmm..I wonder who I should accuse of having their way with me? How about Jennifer Lopez? All I have to do is get her to take me out to dinner and a movie and "wallah" I'll be rich.',1
'Stocks are up because for the past 4 years corporations have made RECORD profits!!!! They have built a MOUNTAIN OF CASH!!! \r\n \r\nPeople are blind and ignorant to the facts.',1
'Basically: \r\n  \r\nYou can always bet on the stupidity of the people. \r\n  \r\nIn the other hand, if you take REAL inflation into the equation then I'm not so sure if the numbers reflect what you know its going on at street level:  "Pay more for less"\r\n( I will trademark this slogan...before the Waltons use it in a future sales campaign)',1
'Ah thanks all. I hope I've given you some ideas for next year. <= D\r\n-Science_1',1
'Hey, look at the bright side!  No pesky used ones to bring the market price down.  Also you do not have to worry about purchasing one that had been in a flood.  The flood damage is very obvious!\r\nSighs, 100k for a car that does not doing anything better than a 40k Volt.  Ok it is a little bit faster, but the Volt has more room for the kids and the dog.',1
'Note to self: do not threaten a nanny with firing, then leave your two small children in her care for the day.',1
'Not what I received but what we did.  Some lady made the m istake of letting us in her house and she said the candy was in her kitchen.  so we went to the kitchen and she had the candy in "bowls".  I took one bowl and dumped the whole bowl in my bag to the amusement of the kids with me.  She exclaimed "oh no! "',1
'if donald trump did that, his hair would probably bite him.',1
'LOL',1
'Condoms and a phone.',1
'As ugly as he is, that's exactly what he needs to do to get some.',1
'If they are that damn stupid what would it take to get them naked??????',1
'Enjoy each other when together, miss each other when apart. Parted by death after 48 years.',1
'There is no greed going on in mega corporations..\r\nThere is no domination of the weak\r\nMega Corps are honest and have your best interest in mind \r\nHershery does not steal the peoples water \r\nKids do not work 4 Hershey kisses \r\n \r\nKeep believing all those corporate commercials brainwashing you into zombies and you'll be eating and drinking fetal tissue... Pepsi adds fetal tissue to pepsi as a flavor enhancer. \r\nYour cosemetics have fetal tissue in it also\r\nYour all zombies and canabals. \r\nFDA states that fetal tissue is an acceptable flavor enhancer???\r\n \r\nUse your fingers controled by your brain and research these facts for yourself. \r\nTHE TRUTH IS SCARIER THAN FICTION \r\nEAT, CONSUME, PHARM DRUGS= ZOMBIE FOODTHAT TAKES YOUR SOUL',1
'Science is not about "proof."  Proof is in mathematics and logic.  But there is good evidence and sound logic that make it likely that the majority of the warming we are currently experiencing is anthropogenic.  Scientists have known the therm-chemical properties of CO2 since the 1800s.  That's not liberal conspiracy. That's fact. There's no scientific reason to think that CO2 in the wild has different chemical properties than the CO2 in the lab.  It was postulated by Arrhenius also in the 1800s that this increased CO2 in the atmosphere would cause global warming (but he thought it was a good thing).      That's not liberal conspiracy - it's science history. \r\nhttp://www.aip.org/h  ​ istory/climate/co2.h  ​ tm\r\n\r\nModern scientists agree with Arrhenius, but they don't think it's necessarily a good thing.\r\nhttp://climate.nasa.  ​ gov/causes/\r\n\r\nThe actual scientists have looked at all these other things - sun, natural cycles - and they AGREE that some global warming is caused by those things, but when all that is accounted for there is extra warming - and it corresponds to the  rise expected from the increased GHG content.\r\n\r\nhttp://earthobservat  ​ ory.nasa.gov/Feature  ​ s/GlobalWarming/page  ​ 4.php',1
'Trust....Loyalty....  ​ .Communication......  ​ ..7 years and counting',1
'Let's see how you act if someone climbed on top of your car.',1
'"Yeah!  Well, so what!',1
'Nobody can repspond to my facts lol \r\n Here is another fact for you republicans....we did not net 1 job....NOT EVEN 1 job....by cutting taxes for the rich over an 8 year period.......(factch  ​ eck,org) \r\n Why do you think cutting taxes for the rich will create jobs when we lowered taxes for the rich for 8 year and it did not create 1 job.... \r\n ALL i know is we created 5 million jobs under Obama...and avg 147,000 per quarter....Under republicans we did not NET 1 job.......in an 8 year period.....i think i will stick with the democrats on the economy',1
'Hey Rusty...the thumbs down people must have some messed up kids!!',1
'Correction - Province',1
'Many traffic enforcement officers are trained to make traffic stops last at least 20 minutes! It's sort of "free advertising" for other drivers to slow down! \r\n \r\nBecause the economy is still in recovery, there are many more zealous traffic enforcement enforcers unwilling to give breaks to the violators, unless they are cute! It still gets the 20 minute treatment, but the women get special treatment!\r\n \r\n I can't tell you how many times I hear girls telling me they have been stopped dozens of times and are now whining because one policeman had the hubris to actually give them a ticket!\r\n \r\nPersonally, I have had been issued a ticket all but one time I was stopped in the last 35 years! I am never rude, and accept my fate, as I have been roughed up for just being tall and standing up too fast getting out of a vehicle. I make sure to be apologetic and courteous for not watching my speed, but I still get a ticket 99% of the time! \r\n \r\nSadly, the police mentality is that those causing "traffic congestion" that causes most of the accidents are the last folks ever to be pulled over! For some reason, speeders are more fun! In every courtroom I have ever been in, it is always 50 to one, speeders over those causing a traffic hazard!  Those that pass the hazarders to get them into our rearview mirrors along with the hoard that accompanies them are the biggest beneficiary of traffic violations! It's not fair! \r\n \r\nThe only advice I can offer is this: Policemen hate to pull over dirty cars.\r\nIf we remember to check our rearview mirrors often, and check on-ramps as we pass them, we can usually detect the clever cops and adjust our speed and escape the fickle finger of law enforcement.\r\n \r\nSome police, have now added hiding their silent, Bavarian, un-American motorcycles behind recycle bins and low signs in parking lots, presenting an even bigger challenge to seeing them before they lock on and make their monthly quotas!\r\n \r\nLook everywhere! The enforcers are bound to be in their usual parking lots near donut shops and fast food, too.\r\n \r\nGood Luck!',1
'It's not just you',1
'It's so hard to find good help these days !',1
'How much of the CEO discontent is manufactured for effect to try to defeat obama in the present election?  Anything for their bottom line.  We don't need to turn our society into a Romney type "free market" .  How about a stronger, healthier USA?',1
'Like I stated earlier 40 mpg with my sonata, very happy.',1
'I thought Samantha on S and the C was pretty cool.',1
'Some of these people who comment are pure evil. A government is forcing people to pay to kill babies and you think this ad is "silly?" Wake up! America is under attack by its own government.',1
'The media is in bed with Romney.  They refuse to report on his Mormonism.',1
'I'll bet he didn't have a helmet on. I go to these wrecks all the time. People are too cool to wear a helmet so they end up dead. Pretty simple, you have a MUCH better chance of surviving a murdercycle wreck if you protect your brain. Broken bones heal up in 8 weeks broken brains often never heal.',1
'I'd imagine that having Snooki and Deanna walking around on 'em for the last 8 years didn't do the ol' boardwalk any good......',0
'They know the value of a half-size iPad.\r\nThey didn't know you could do that with people going for food.',1
'I haven't dumb @$$.',1
'O brother... I've run across women who get off on thinking they're better than men because of their degrees. But, I've met just as many (probably more) "highly educated" men who are arrogant beasts. Either gender, it's totally unflattering!',1
'Chris come out from under that table now, I'll let FEMA help NJ, Where's Michael? he's next!',1
'lighting cuban cigars with hundred dollar bills and doing lines off a hookers **** with bush,rush and cheney laughing at the rest off us for actually doing all their dirty work for them while they reap the benefits.....',1
'Think of it this way: society is just raising the bar for the white man and they should. You're not screwed - you are up to the challenge.',1
'VM, you are absolutely correct.  Thankfully, these are some of the things we researched and discussed before she made the decision to give it a shot.  Additionally, nursing school was extremely difficult.  When she graduated and passed the NCLEX she couldn't find a job ANYWHERE.  It wasn't because none were available, rather, because it is a highly skilled position and hospitals wanted experience.  The awesome thing about her however, was that she was a natural at it.  She loved the field genuinely.  While in school she got her CNA license and since she couldn't find a nursing job, she worked as a CNA for a while.  Eventually, God opened a door and she got a great job at a hospital and is now a charge nurse.',1
'What will all the fat college chicks wear with their black leggings and North Face jackets??',1
'I will be so glad when the fad of male bashing ends.  He refused to give her sex and is a "jerk", yet if she did the same, we'd get a lecture on her rights to her body and blah, blah, blah...it's only a double standard when it inconveniences a vagina, right?\r\n \r\nHonestly, just looking at her, she should be glad he got her pregnant to begin with.  I've seen butterfaces in my time, but that is definitely a rancid butter face.',1
'This is another reason I left the Catholic cult. Praying to statues that try and kill you. Jesus is LORD!',1
'My 90 T-Bird SC rated at 17-24 but get 21 city and 34 highway (that's sitting the cruise at 90). My 97 F-150 King Cab with the 5.4L rated at 14-18 gets 17 city and 22 highway and legal speeds. It's all how you drive and such, but one thing I never do is set the tires to what the car says when I used to sell tires I learned it's best to set them to what it says on the side of the tire itself for best wear and mpg.',1
'All these majors are EASY.  They are default options for frat boys, sorority girls, athletes, and students in general who are not academically-incline  ​ d.  The World is all about production.  Smoking weed, talking philosophy accomplishes NOTHING.  Majors that gets you jobs that allow you a comfortable living are the ones that are HARD, specifically, quantitative.  Companies need these skills, but less and less American students pursue it because we raised a generation of quitters and entitlement whores that were never taught the concept of perseverance.  Parents telling kids, "you don't have to do anything you don't want to do" and "you are awesome at everything" have turned this generation into disillusioned weaklings.  The biggest favor you can do for your emo kids is to advise them to pursue these majors and minors.',1
'Throw him in jail for one night, he'll be "investigated internally". LOL!',1
'Keep supporting same sex marriage you degenerates in the north east : SUFFER THE WRATH OF GOD',0
'Maybe guys who push a broom around shouldn't get paid 30 bucks an hour either...',1
'straight tranny lookin...actually, that's an insult to many tranny's',1
'It's not the government job to look after your personal savings.  That's between you and the private institution that you bank with.  If you want a higher return, take your money and do something else.  Banks are only going to pay what they need to, which it turns out is basically nothing, to get people to use them as risk free warehouses for their money.  If you want a larger return you need to sacrifice security (FDIC insurance) or liquidity.',1
'I think it is TOTALLY ignorant!!!!!!',1
'GoBlue......if your asking that question in relation to Sandy, it's apparent you could not mentally absorb the answer....',0
'Of course its mostly $20 maximum to fill up.',1
'You need to study up on how many years democrats controlled the senate and congress. Start with the year 1950.',1
'Romney is pathetic. He is a LIAR. He spews out lies everywhere he goes and with every chance he gets. Once a flip flop, ALWAYS a flip flop. If he's such a gift to this nation, then why the hell can't this lousy **** former governor of MA WIN MA? This is the **** who claims that he got 80+% of the democrats to work with him, and they got stuff done in MA, yet, he can't even carry his own STATE that he was governor in? LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. But thanks for your really informative commentary. Gave me a good laugh for the morning.',1
'just getting the scuff marks off the Resolute desk will cost thousands',1
'The Liberals don't want to see that. They blow it off as something you must have taken from Fox News.',1
'loch ness',1
'Me darling? No, maybe it's you in desperate need of changing? My diaper past is as clean as a whistle.',0
'And the Republican s**** or whatever you want to call them come out in full force.  \r\n \r\nCAPTION:  I'M JUST LISTENING TO THE GRUNTS AND GROANS OF THE GOP!  SORRY!!!',1
'I love my Uggs  they are very  warm and needed in northern arizona during the winters.',1
'I have to agree about Taylor Swift! She make me cringe just to hear her sing and the fact that every song is written about her many many many ex-boyfriends just proves that she is an immature little girl who doesn't have an ounce of imagination or creativity...She is NOT country, not a single bit.',1
'Thats awsome knight !',1
'What a great article! Love to hear stories about random act of kindness. Especially in a crisis like this!',1
'Maybe this will give Bloomberg something else to do instead of exporting his non working gun control all over the country. I just love New York. Looks like Sandy gave these bitter liberals a bath.\r\nMake sure to vote Obama New York. He'll fix it all better AND give you some hand outs in the meantime.',1
'love the Ugg.  way too expensive but aI found other sites to get them half off.',1
'On the other side of the line a Romney aide is ensuring by saying, "Romney PROMISES to tell the truth from here on out".',1
'I think the next 4 years will be even more of a joke then the last 4.',1
'No, my brain works just fine, and I have always avoided going out my way to be stupid.',1
'Hey, Beiber, go drive yours in saltwater.',1
'A company produces or sells goods, a union ensures their members get paid whether they produce or not ( usually not, its easier that way).\r\n Well?  Well?? You didn't think so.. you didn't think at all, pal.',1
'We did!  For starters, our tolerance is so high, we rarely get hangovers and when we do it's more like melancholy.  Wait! Let me get back to you on that.  It didn't sound right.',1
'Gezzzz ...Rince...do all liberals need to be spoon fed?  As I told him, all you need to do is google it...the link I cut and paste was just the one that was on the top of the list of a bunch of them... you and he may pick any one of the liberal validated media sources of your liking, I don't care, it has nothing to do with the fact that there are in fact complaints about this happening. It is all over a bunch of news channels......Ok, go here, it is another one........this is a CBS affiliate, it has a video clip, too....does it count?.....or are you going to claim now CBS is also in bed with Romney?   \r\n  \r\nkmov.com/news/editors-pick/V  ​ oter-says-voting-mac  ​ hine-casted-vote-for  ​ -wrong-candidate-twi  ​ ce-175900571.html',1
'a tip is a tip. it is not mandatory. if you don't like working for $2 an hour than find another job. I tip. the better the service the better the tip. i do not look at it as my duty though. i have worked my butt off my entire life and NEVER got a tip. some of those jobs were VERY low paying, but i did them because i had to.\r\noutrage is something that needs to be directed at obamahahahaha for the way those poor people on the east coast are being treated byt his administration. people are dumpster diving, waiting for 7 hours to get $20 worth of gas, price gouging, homeless. the only clothes thay have are what is on their back, yet obamahahahaha is flying around the country patying like a rock star.',1
'"Yea, I will get me four more years haters.  Don't hate the player, hate the game"',1
'The headline and question are misleading to the point of stupidity. Way to go MSN.',1
'The strangest thing I've ever received on Halloween is a brain transplant. I cannot figure out why I'm replying to MSN or how I know the english language. It's almost like an out of body experience.',1
'Why doesnt the service industry pay their staff a respectable wage instead of the patrons having to compensate? i would rather pay more for my meal instead of tipping.',1
'Even though he is an evil greedy heartless spineless skinflint, he is less embarrassing than the Donald ,Ted Nugent and Meatloaf. Who is "he"? Burns? Romney? ..doesn't matter....',1
'I vote yes for ban.',1
'Because they were on the golf course with O.J. looking for the real killer.',1
'@ Mary - Let's address some of your talking points: \r\n1) The economy:  You do realize taht the economy went in the tank as the result of     clinton's      failed housing policies, right?  The ones that got shoved down the throats of the banks.\r\n2) How desperate the dums must be to crow over obuma giving a "go" order for a military mission backed by the entire Joint Chiefs.  Maybe it was just that obuma finally agreed to something.\r\n3) obuma-scare (or HC) is a horrible bill that was forced upon the American public that did not want it.  Even obuma's own advisors say that it can not succeed financially.  It will take the entire medical idustry down.\r\n4) Saved the auto industry?  Really?  What were we going to do for cars?  To think that is very naive.',1
'Good for you !!!! if you cannot help call and pay for rooms !!',1
'Why because they walk around with a side ponytail, eating chips and wearing flip-flops? \r\n”I’m trying to wrap my mind around how to juggle work and a baby. I fear [that] I’m going to be one of those women that has a baby, and the next thing I know, I’m walking around all day with a side ponytail, eating chips and wearing flip-flops and not wanting to be sexy for my husband. I don’t want the baby to be an excuse.”\r\n \r\n Not the person i will take parent advice, have your nanny talk for you next time.....',1
'Liberal Arts majors should be pursued as minors, something you're interested in and help you become a more well-rounded person, not something with which you "hope" to make a living.  99 times out of 100, you end up working retail.  Don't say I didn't warn ya.',1
'I dig the Miller High Life in the mini bottles. Miller Ponies are easy to stash if you get in a bind........',1
'Since I have a 196 IQ and do not drink, what does the study imply. I say it is nonsense.',1
'If you voted or commented, then MSN made news.',1
'Country Music died years ago.',1
'you must have 0% football knowledge',1
'dont be an ****...****',1
'I haven't heard em , but I stopped riding BIKES WHEN i READ 80% OF BIKE ACCIDENTS RESULT IN SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH, COMDOLENCES TO THE FAMILY AND FRIENDS AND FANS/',1
'I am Barack Obama, and I am now and have always been totally clueless about EVERYTHING ... OH ... and I approve this message ..',1
'I am a member of the "greatest generation" and my husband has \r\nplayed his guitar and sang country songs for years, (he yodels too) \r\nand that music in NOT country!  There are very few real country \r\nsingers left...  We go to "jam sessions" where they sing real country.',1
'I'm far mor intelligent than that.',1
'Benghazi will be the end of Odumbo.....he cannot seal this one. \r\n  \r\nIf you had any sense of what is important you would get it.',0
'Online Estate Agents is the future when it comes to selling your house. \r\n Not only will using one save you £££Thousands, but they tend to have a greater marketing presence. \r\n If you're in the UK looking to sell you house cheaper, visit http://www.sell-myho  ​ use.co.uk',1
'@ATSYIII, your comment to SB is disgusting and just because you say it in the most romantic language in the world, doesn't make it any nicer....',1
'I'm sure you can find that book at the library or, of course, on the 'net.',0
'duhhhh last time the rate went down because some people dropped out so were not counted. \r\n Now more are participating so yes it might go up.  we are talking about a .1 percentage point.   \r\n The whole message was that more people participated 171,0000 plus last moths were revised upwardly.  \r\n Hellooooooooo is somebody home WTF @#$^$#^@!#$%!#@%!@#%  ​ !@#@#$%!@#$%$',1
'Yes but it's not half-way in size between an iPhone and iPad.  But don't worry, next year the iRonic will come out that is about the same size as an iPhone and iPod touch, do all the things those do, but cost twice as much.',1
'He is a great man who should be president some day.',1
'Hey look at me, I'm stoned and you idiots don't even know it.\r\n \r\nI'm fooling you again, buy some more of my BS...',1
'oh yes, he did. :) It was busy and he made her leave as soon as she was finished with her meal.',1
'There was a time when people believed that Johnny Cash was not country because he had such a different sound.  It's called evolution, it's called growth.  If everything had always stayed that way it was we would have missed out on a lot of artists that are now considered classics...',1
'Send the scabs home!!!!',1
'My husband was pulled over going 25 mph over the speed limit (90mph)  in his red, convertible Camaro.  The officer asked him where he was going in such a hurry and my husband explained he was late to work.  The officer took his time running his plate and license and when he came back told my husband "Next time slow down- I won't pull you over and you might actually make it to work on time and ALIVE."  He didn't get a ticket, was 15 minutes late to work and after that he slowed down.  Thank you Officer!',1
'My Chrysler 300 gets much better gas mileage than advertised   19-31 went to LA and got 34.5 mpg loving it',1
'"Gloom is not a strategy.... it is a feeling....." oh yea right, that feeling depends where you are in the grand scheme of things or where you are standing in the unemployment line. For elderly retired folks with incomes that did not go up in how many years.... but the cost of food and fuel does not count you understand...... buying cars and shirts and electronic gadgets will not give us heat this winter, finding $2 longjohns at the Salvation Army might help. Listening to Mr. Cramer on TV a few times talking about things he purchases for his kids, yup that is wonderful to do for your family, but like the major poliitcos he has no clue what us below average income people are facing, he can't see far enough down the ladder. Santa long ago retired in my world but some of those lumps of coal would be helpful about now. Lies, damn lies, or statistics, take your pick.',1
'Well on a bright Sunday Morning in Dallas I had my 69 Convertible Firebird out for a early morning Drive. I enter the Bush Tollway off I30  at 6:15 AM with Nobody on the road and decided it was time to air out the exhuast. Well about 1 mile and foot firmly plainted to the floor I crested  a small rise and there was the DPS Trooper. I stomped the brakes He turned on the lights and I knew I was going to Jail. The officer pulled up behind me and did not even have to get on the highway 4 wheel disc brakes worked really good. Wallet on dash keys on dash and hands on the wheel. The Trooper came to the door and asked if I knew how fast I was going and I said with a smile on my face "Really Fast Officer" he took my license and insurance and came back to the window with them after about 15 minutes. He askled the last time I had gotten a ticket I rfeplied almost 20 years ago. He asked why did you not run you had the jump on me I replied where would I go on a Sunday morning in a blinding bright YELLOW convertible? And Besides I really dont want to go to Jail.  He laughed and asked to look under the hood I politely obliged. After some other questions he looked me dead in the face and said Mr Ray you ned to slow the _ ell down  I clocked you at  145 mph your free to go. Yes Sir was all I could say and I closed the hood and drove away. I dont drive fast anymore I think I used up all my get out of jail free cards on that 1 stop.',0
'Kardasian',1
'Pick up a chain saw and help out for some one who is just standing around,very tasteless',1
'It is too bad that you were not aborted.  You want your moral beliefs imposed on everyone.  Similar to muslim extremists who want only one religion:  If you do not believe in what I believe then you will be killed..',1
'Lowest common denominator.\r\n \r\nTrash is as trash does.\r\n \r\nThe question here is:  What would Honey Boo Boo do?\r\n \r\nWork it, girl, but watch out for that insulated-oh, wait, that's a body!\r\nSuch stupidity should be exaggerated for what it is.\r\n \r\nHere's seeing ya on Jerry Seinfeld, Miss Landfill 2012!',1
'Well, there you go. Three more people that I'm so fortunate not to live near. She didn't just 'simply answer the question". She put down her neighbor. And like the other poster said she neglected to mention if that neighbor was in violation of any of the HOA's rules so we have to assume she isn't. To have to talk about her neighbor's decorations like they are just oh so horrible is stupid. None of her business and if she doesn't like it she doesn't have to look. And as for you 'maggs', you need some reading skills. Stating that she puts up decorations is far different from saying "adorn her doors, porch and sidewalk/steps with a plethora of holiday crafty stuffff, we all know months in advance to which holiday is approaching". That's more of a snooty put down type of remark and not quite as innocent as you tried to paint it. As for 'lame attempts', look in the mirror deary. The busy body was the one you were defending.',1
'Then why don't you go back to the kitchen and pick up your own food - trust me the server wouldn't mind.  Fill up your own glass - trust me, the server won't mind.  Servers don't want customers like you because you make their life a living hell.  If you're going to walk into a restaurant KNOWING that you're going to have a waiter/waitress SERVING you.  You better be prepared to tip them for doing all of the dirty work for you.  Otherwise, stay at home.  You make everyone around you miserable.',1
'The government has ALREADY paid scientists to study global warming - for a lot longer than 10 years.  The results are in.  People don't like the results because of the potential implications.',1
'no one should care what i think, it's idiots like you that need to RETHINK',1
'I did...bought a 2012 F150.  Surprisingly it gets better MPG than the sticker said, although not by much!',1
'Obama hasn't done anything for Middle America.  His only concern, is the "Middle-Man" - - The Unions!!',1
'Don't get a F------ cat for one.',1
'YOU know the Unions is and will be the back bone was once a time back they where more in the demanding it was one time if you had relatives in the Union you could get in with out being judged because the old quote " more kin you are better to get in " now remember this " the eight hour work day who gave you all this...what about the overtime pay policy who gave you this...what about having a safe work place where you can go home without being the the grave who gave you this....plus who frights for your dam rights more than your stupid mouth who does this, now history the coal miner is and the for one to look at they are the grandfather of all unions...who suffer more deaths because of there collective bargaining on the lines the miner go to Luglow/CO and WV, people yes the unions has weakened but its not Congress, its own members and the presidents of the unions they vote for agreements and these agreements are at times for the contractor that the hall has, just think about this what would the far fathers say about it now come on MILLER wake up and say something, when change occurs it makes things weaker specially when there are projects that needs Brothers/Sisters and they cannot man them they us the White ticket and then offer them union status, but now it more political instead what is was the old days was the most fun plus it was more serious attitube instead now, the young bucks/apprentices are not wanting to pay attention the to journeyman and learn from him those are the ones needs to be out don't get numbers get PRIDE back then things will get better lets build off the foundation but don't change what was started just strengthen it by individuals that  believe in PRIDE and don't label everybody accept each other has they are thank you',1
'right on I.B.',1
'Manbearpig is real.',1
'How about passing that info to the libtards who build homes on westcoast cliffs, earthquake zones and people who build near mountains, rivers, trees, volcanoes, transmission lines, crack houses or people like you...yuk yuk',0
'Hi all! Don't acknowledge them. That's what they want. Purely log their stalking and either copy it into a file or into one of your comments since they like to jab and delete. Always good to have a back-up if needed. The wheels are in motion and it is now just making sure things are done properly to instill the do not get out of it on a technicality.\r\n\r\nGo back to enjoying the site and act like they never existed.',1
'I don't know but I have seen Zelda back up RTP/MP, Deemed and Popa G. I am skeptical of her(him). I found it interesting she is who he used as example.\r\n\r\nMy guess as to the bird is he thought, "hmmmm... what animal could I use that has comparable genital size. A BIRD! Yes perfect!',1
'I'm not even a Braves fan and this really really sucks. \r\n\r\nRest in Peace Interstate 285, thanks for showing us how it's done.',1
'I'm glad I'm not in his area. To defend yourself not only does the insurance company take you to the cleaners, the court does too. Defend yourself and get a stiffer penalty! That our legal system at work. Local cities with reduced property values have seen a dramatic drop in income from property taxes and do use traffic citations to supplement this reduced revenue. Why do they always wait right where the speed changes or on the downside of a hill? Because thats where they will catch a good driver making a mistake. Easy money! It's a lot easier than actually driving around and catching the real menaces on the road.',1
'SHE GAVE ME WOOD',1
'Oh another bright one...So who do you think the Republican Party kow-tows with? If there wasn't a need in the first place...then unions would not of come into existence..get it. When you have a REPUBLICAN who says to allow a company to go bankrupt simply so their financial obligations including pensions that employees themselves paid into can be wiped off the slate then you are not for your fellow neighbors and friends. I do agree that as long as there is Big C kow-towed with Big G, then there better be a Big U to keep some things in check or we all would be without any security whatsoever.',1
'too stupid to reply ,WTF dude really??',1
'TWIT said; "American needs Main stream  Republican's to take control of their Party.." \r\n This, from a supporter of the party that releases ads with a 90 year old lady talking about  "Burning this Mother F_ _ _ er down".......',1
'"Duff"  ;-)  I recall when one of my chess books was sent to the UK en bulk from 'Frisco as partial payment to Dr. Jonathan Mestel, a brilliant mathematics professor.  He complained to me that one or more of the books had arrived duff.  I didn't have a clue what he mean for a day or two. \r\n Cyclops480',1
'No I have never worn Uggs - they are way over priced.  But I don't think they are hideous.',1
'AyePhone\r\nPinche Chingadera\r\nManzana fone',0
'No, but it makes you look like an idiot.',1
'What's even more unfortunate than this gentleman's IQ is that approximately 50% of the country is, right now, blaming the education system for his poor grammar and spelling.',1
'"Look Benji, I don't give a crap if my Muslim brothers are bombing you and your infidel people."',1
'Cowboy ???  with Big and Rich....that's some rapping and by a black guy.',1
'Just makes a person  NOT wanting to buy these products. Hope they payed the people who own the cars for her standing on them, even tho they were damaged by Sandy',1
'End...I'll bet you $1000 the Lakers are NOT champions this year.  And I'm a long time Laker fan. \r\n  \r\nYou can see the lackadaisacal approach to defense, the age, the softness of Gasol.  This team will have to score a ton to cover up their defensive shortcomings.  And they won't score a ton until they learn the offense.  By the time they do it will be the All Star break and they will be lucky to win 50 games this year.  That will put them on the road for the last 3 rounds of the playoffs....adios',1
'Amen, from your lips to gods ear',1
'1 CLASSIC LADY: you've never been out of work. your husband works to keep the lights on so you can blog away the day hating on our President because you are old, white and fearful to tell the truth about the success President Obama has improving these jobs numbers and growing the stock market from the Bush abyss. How long did it take to recover from the Great Depression? Classic, it took almost 30 years and a world war to get it behind us. Obama has cleared us from the Bush Depression in only one term. I say give him 8 more and thank him for the tremendous job he has done keeping the lights on for you. MisterKyte, the White House just sent out a press release explaining what happened in Benghazi but it won't satisfy you because you will continue your attacks on our President. Proof is in the pudding so get a spoon out in a week because President Obama will be victorious. VOTE OBAMA!!! Mayor of \r\nNew York City endorses Obama because NYC only chooses winners.',1
'Re Blown Away, why don't you open your ears and listen to the lyrics, it is definitely country.  I love "old" country sound also, but things evolve and could not listen to "old" country all day, variety is good, country infused with a little pop, a little rock, a little old a little new is good.',1
'Of the top 100 economies in the world, half of them are corporations, not nations.  When are people going to realize that corporations only serve the profit motive, not the law or the people.  Welcome to the world of Big Brother.',1
'Psychologist takes advice of 12 year old for research... Sounds about right..',1
'Enough of Spiderman already!!',1
'.',0
'That's nice that you have planned... but you forgot to factor in the coming global economic collapse of the dollar which will leave you penniless when it happens.',1
'The "crisis" did not arise outta the Bush administration because of policies - Clinton's policies on loosening housing loan regulation was a large part of it.  The DotCom bubble and 9/11 were also large contributors.  Plus 4 years would have been plenty of time to set the economy back on a growing course instead of trying to creat a new entitlement program that eats up 1/6 of the budget and only creates another huge pot of money politicans can syphon off of like SS and medicare.',1
'there would be NO middle class if there were no unions, something repubs forget to tell their uneducated masses.',1
'Reading these comments I see you are determined to ridicule anything said by Romney and take no effort to understand the meaning.  If Obama had said the same thing you would be praising him to the heavens for being so smart and understanding.  Bunch of Hypocrits.  In this case Romney did make a very valid point.  You don't just go in haphazardly and throw your resources a little here and and a little there and hope that if you smatter the board with enough resources the rest will fix it'self.  The most effective way to deal with a disaster is to borrow from Romney to define your lanes and and your goals and direct resources into those lanes with purpose.  Lanes in a disaster will be everything from human assistance(getting people to safety, feeding, sheltering, clothing) to Infrastucture (Power, roads, bridges) to restorative assistance (getting non basic services back up)  These lanes of assistance need to be defined before hand so everyone knows what their responsibility will be.  \r\nThose of you here claiming that the statement is retarded should perhaps look inward.',1
'There's a HUGE difference between "I had to ask his permission" and "spending money as a family unit...."',1
'ifone was Steve Jobs' company in Mexico.  It started as iJobs.',1
'absolutely a character.',1
'I would agree some of my ideas sound much better when I am drunk.',1
'America's system IS guilty until proven innocent. If you truly believe the system treats you as "innocent until proven guilty" then you are horribly, horribly mistaken.',1
'The cooks at my restaurant make 13-15 an hour, which is made possible because the owners don't have to pay the servers at least minimum wage. Average servers make about 15/hr with their tips and hourly wages. It balances out.',1
'LOL',1
'I love pot beside i`m 66 yrs old i have 3600.00 in saving am i ok',1
'Technically, I think he lost it before he reached the long lines.',1
'Drink water... much better for you than ANY soft drink!!!',1
'OK this is saying HOW SMART WERE YOU WHEN YOU WERE A CHILD you know as you grow up you get stupider if you don't keep up the knowledge..give props to the great families who had consistency giving love, social and emotional nurturing, PLENTY cognitve experiences with raising their children!!',1
'And an ignorant one at that.',1
'Why is this information even posted?  If you are speeding, you broke the law.  How can we expect our children to abide by the rules if adults don't?',1
'Country is a legend of style.. It reflects heart and sole, embraces pain and flaunts humor at the worst of times.. It was created as a artform in the heartland of america, It is now displayed as a goody goody lets see who can be the most livid spectacle.. ... goofy hats, make up, sparkly lights.. Give me a dark bar room, a bold deep voice with  a worn out guitar bellowing out the soul of what the heart feels.. That .. my friends... Is COUNTRY  !!!',1
'When Bill Clinton had left Office, George Bush didn't inherit an economy that was on its knees, as did Barack Obama from Bush, my friend. And, albeit US with its back against the wall in two wars on foreign soil: Iraq and Afghanistan, and having to finance these misadventures from the Tax Payer's money without any prospect for Profit. Two Wars based on untruth concocted and manufactured by Bush, Blair and their cohorts in conspiracy! \r\n\r\nNor did Bush inherit from Clinton a war-mongering policy of misadventures on foreign soil that was eating away at the coffers of the US Treasury, as did Bush's and Cheney's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan! Wake up my friend, Bush ran aground Uncle Sam in his 10 years of  mediocre and motivated management, which more benefited his cronies and Dick Cheney, et al, than the US. He whittled away all the money that Clinton had left, and gave Obama a begging bowl. Moreover, Obama had inherited Bush's two Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan which had surmised to have become a quick-sand quagmire for the USA both economy and foreign policy wise. Where was Bush's 1.6 trillion US Dollars for Obama at the end of the day?\r\n\r\nWake up my friend: Yesterday, 1st of November, Bob Shrum, a veteran strategist for the Democrat's Presidential Elections, appeared on Hard Talk on the BBC; his prognosis: Bush's Wars nailed the coffin on the US economy along with his Tax Cuts for the rich. Also, please read NYT's Thomas L. Friedman's column on 29 September 2012 titled "The World We're Actually Living In", an eloquent commentary on war-mongering stupidity of the yester years and the harm it has done to the USA. Offers poignant pointers on replication of the same war-mongering psyche of the GOP by Mitt Romney and its dire consequences.  \r\n\r\nDo your homework dispassionately my friend, and you''d get the right answers. Thinking and acting like an Ostrich burrowing its head in the sands would get you no where. You require an objective approach based on history, facts and empiricism rather than subjective and partisan jaundice-eye if at all you want to arrive at the truth.  \r\n\r\nClinton didn't leave the USA in a mess. George W. Bush Jr did. That's GOP for you.\r\n\r\nThanks',1
'Find out what Anthony is drinking and order me a case.',1
'This article only tells part of the story.  In the first place, the "typical" worker in this country never earned anywhere near $74K.  For most people, even with a college degree, if they ever earned more than $40-$50K a year, they were very fortunate.  Secondly, retirement costs vary significantly from one part of the country to another.  In many areas in the country's interior, with a paid-for house and a modest lifestyle, people can retire comfortably on $40K a year.  In other areas, specifically large costal cities, $40K per year might get you "a van down by the river".',1
'What you said  :)\r\nThey always say that owls are smart !',1
'Less than a week before the presidential election, Christie will host Obama in New Jersey to survey Sandy damage. The governor created a buzz after saying this week that he had no intention of bringing the GOP nominee to the Garden State to survey storm damage first-hand.Folks don’t know the situation here following the storm,” a Christie adviser told POLITICO when asked if the governor is unhappy with the GOP nominee \r\nChristie has been a frequent campaigner and fundraiser for Romney, appearing with him most recently in Ohio. Christie cancelled campaign appearances for Romney in Nevada that had been slated to occur on Tuesday after it was clear the storm was headed to his state. \r\nThe governor told Fox News that he has bigger things to worry about than the campaign. \r\n“I have no idea, nor am I the least bit concerned or interested,” he said when asked if Romney would visit. “I’ve got a job to do here in New Jersey that’s much bigger than presidential politics, and I could care less about any of that stuff.”',1
'$3.00 an hour? The federal minimum wage is $7.25. If the server doesn't make at least $7.25 through tips, the restaurant MUST make up the difference. NOBODY can legally make under $7.25.',1
'Why?! I love this boots. It may be an ugly looking to others but this is my best boots for winter. My feet gets really really cold on winter. This boots is amazing because it keeps my feet warm and the quality of it is what i'm amaze by it. I never had boots that keeps me warm all winter long....However, their price went up a little higher. Why is that? I think people stop buying them because of the high price. I had mine for 4 yrs and i'm thinking of buying them this year but i'm still having second thoughts. I would probably buy the leather ones so it will last me for few more years than the suede one.',1
'Why didn't they name it "hurricane Snooki" ???? it has blown most of the east coast...',1
'He's busy trying to cleaning up the messes that Bush left us, ended the war in Iraq and got Osama.',1
'Its up to the workers that live in NJ. Its their jurisdiction. Would you let people come into your house if you did not want them there? If you know the majority of workers in NJ are union and you yourself are not union and expect to just come in and go to work with no problems, you are either dumb or arrogant. If you dont love it , leave it. The whole reason that non union workers and union workers for that matter would want to go to work there would be because of the prevailing wages there. I cant blame anyone for wanting to make a better wage. You critics are the only idiots that dont seem to understand that. On Monday when you go to work, why dont you tell your bosses that you are all grosely overpaid and think that you should take a cut in pay because you dont want to be compared to over compensated lazy union workers. Unions built this country, we will build it again, and again, and again.',1
'How does being  treated badly by your bosses   make it okay to murder their children?  I'm confused',1
'Actually according to Dr's and scientists, it's okay to have an occasional glass of wine during pregnancy, as long as you're not abusing it....which clearly this lady was.',1
'Shouldn't it be yoFone?',1
'While I agree that the quote isn't as bad as MSN wants us to believe it is and that it is simply an analogy for what should be done in Sandy's wake, I do have to say that perhaps he should be more straightforward. Also, I cannot agree that what Pres. Obama said was wrong in any way; he never said that we don't use bayonets anymore, but just that we have fewer because there are other specialized weapons that can be used. Never did I hear him downplay their importance, but, rather, show that there is no need to over compensate (something that would also attract criticism).',1
'its to dull them selves down those who are smart tend to get picked on by those that are stupid they hate it an say you know everything an **** like that we cant help that were smart that we read a lot or remember everything we read an hear or have near perfect recall but were resented for it ect ect so self medication is whats left',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',1
'Wrong Obama is favored',0
'Oh, that must have been just awful for Mitt to have to touch other peoples garbage...and SOOOOO much of it too.',1
'awwww, little enderman~ its great! adorable too~',1
'they charge that much because that is how fads go.  they pay a famous person tons of money to wear these hideous things so everybody will want to buy them.  then when they get the demand up they can slow down the supply and jack the prices up.  it is elementary school economics.',1
'Maybe he is practicing his concession call to President-Elect Romney?',1
'WHO THE **** CARES........OH'BUMM  ​ ER THE COMMUNIST N RACIST COMMUNITY DIVIDER LOSES TUESDAY!',1
'Thanks Airdog for doing your job and helping keep the road safe for those of us who do our best to obey all traffic laws. I live in western Colorado and have a 32 year perfectly clean mvr. I have been pulled over twice, both times for tail lights being out on my boat trailer in Rifle. Once was a blown bulb, the other was connector vibrated loose in Delta. I can't understand why so many people think they are gaining so much by going faster. 65 to 75 will only make about 3 minutes difference from Delta to Grand Junction. Is 3 minutes really worth the possibility of getting a ticket and higher insurance or even having a bad wreck? Not to me, it isn't. I"ll leave 5 minutes earlier to get where I have to be at a certain time. To all of you who give me a thumbs down for this post, use that thumb to count the bills out when you pay your next ticket.  And while you are wasting 10 minutes waiting for the officer to write that ticket, I will have already passed you and still got where I'm going 2 minutes early.',1
'That was the supposed idea Obama was pushin in 2009.\r\n\r\nToo bad none of that actually got done.  And now he's out of bullets.\r\n\r\nThe people are not going to go for another $4 TRILLION in debt load.  Sorry, but Liberal promises that the money is going to go to the right places is just not workin these days.',1
'Burger King's Whopper turns 55 and gets angry!\r\nSo what msn....you've just described half of the posters here....',1
'Not me! Not yet! haha',1
'Service would have to be really, really bad, like borderline criminial, for me to stiff the server. What gets me is that I am supposed to tip anyone who works in the food industry. There are even tip jugs for places where they don't bring the food to your table, i.e. Moe's. \r\n \r\nI know single mothers that are like this. They feel that they are entitled to nice things, so they spend money on "luxuries" and then expect others to pick up the tab on other things.',1
'I hope Kim got her Gardasil and rabies shots before sleeping with King-Kongye.',1
'@ lady, all that, and something\r\n \r\n       Sounds to me that you guys are opinionated, not educated... Read the replies from GM. Chrysler and the United auto Workers of America. I've lived in Ohio all my life and you should hear what most people are saying about Mitts newest LIE...The only way Mitt wins Ohio is if the republicans voter suppression movement works, and I don't think it will... We are to organized!!! Early voting has President Obama leading 2 to 1... At least 6 people have came to my house campaining for Obama, not a single person for Romney...',1
'Yeah that's not sexist at all. Apparently men are supposed to be more educated than their wives in your world or else something is wrong?  Even though our society is now doing a worse job of educating boys than girls, which this data is a natural result of.',1
'Another ho after some dough',1
'Yes. It should. Unfortunately people now day use religion to try and force their political views onto others as well.',1
'Hey Someone?  Finnish is a person or thing from Finland.  I believe you meant finished.  My point?  You proved it.',1
'They are based on 65 mph on the highway.  The faster you drive the worse it gets.  Americans are just stupid and think it says 40 mpg highway so at any speed on the highway I should get 40 mpg.',1
'O & Joe??? \r\nDang... I LIKE THAT!',1
'This guy is a douche!!!  He is selfish, inconsiderate, and hs is not even worthy of the sacrifice that his wife  made to bring his child into the world ....!!!  Of course having a child  changes your sex life!!!   From a womans stand point... you now have this beautiful little helpless person whose sole survival depends on you, and the baby comes first before anyone or anything..... your body has gone thru the ringer .....your hormones are off whack...and you still must maintain your home,  career and your relationship   In other words WE GOTTA DO IT ALL SO  FOR THE FIRST FEW MONTHS...... ..WHEN THE HELL IS THERE TIME FOR SEX ....  ..It does tend to be a bit much,   It is not gone completly , but it does change because, you have now changed....  and it would be even harder to deal with if you are married to a jerkwad  like the guy in this story.!!!',1
'My daughters and I love our Ugg boots, we wear them all the time except in the summer. We have a couple of pairs each. Maybe they should consolidate the style and stop with the colored and shiny stuff, stick with the natural and basis styles and make them more affordable. Otherwise, people will continue to buy the knock offs.',1
'I thought they were based on Homer Simpson's shoes.',1
'Myth #1: AGW is a hoax because Al Gore has beachfront property, proving he's not afraid of rising seal levels.\r\n\r\nFACT 1: What Al Gore thinks, believes, says, or does has no bearing on the science of AGW.\r\nFACT 2: Al Gore's house is 2 miles from the beach and 500 ft above sea level.\r\n\r\nAl Gore's house in Montecito, CA: http://virtualglobet  ​ ​rotting.com/states/  ​ C​A/Montecito/\r\n\r\nHere's the detailed information:  http://virtualglobet  ​ ​rotting.com/map/al-  ​ g​ores-house-2/\r\n\r\nThat site gives the following lat / lon:   34.448538,-119.62868  ​ 2\r\n\r\nCopy that into a google search bar and it should bring up the location in google maps.  Zoom out.  From that alone you can eyeball it to see the house is AT LEAST 2 Km from the beach.\r\n\r\nThere's an application called GoogleEarth which I highly recommend, but you have to install it on your computer.  If you do that, copy-paste the lat / lon into the search bar for GoogleEarth.  It will automatically zoom to that location.  You can see that the elevation for it is 511 ft. ASL (ASL=above sea level)\r\n\r\nIt's zoomed in too far, so zoom out until you see the coast.  Click on the ruler in menu bar.  Click and release the mouse over the coastline approximately closest to the house.  Move to the house (marked with a pin), click again.  go to the little popup menu that currently reads about 2 miles and change the display to kilometers.  It reads 3.25 Km. \r\n\r\nSummary:  House is 2 miles as the crow flies from the coast and 500 feet ASL.\r\nConclusion: Not "beachfront" and in no danger of AGW caused sea flooding.',1
'The only people who benefit from the unions are the guys who get your dues.',1
'Nope',1
'Msn is WEAK at best..Im sick of the things they report on.\r\nI could'nt care less about this or any other thing they report on.They really dig low for most of there crap.\r\nIm tired of reading how a woman keep her man. Or 10 reasons your dog is depressed...WOW',1
'FYI- Bush left office four years ago.  Since you brought it up, where is Obama after Sandy?  He is in Nevada. \r\n  \r\nI am not a Bush fan, but let's not be so hypocritical.  What did Chocolate City Mayor Ray Nagin do during Katrina?  Sat on his butt, ignored the warnings and blamed Bush. Same for Mary Landrieu. \r\n  \r\nLeaders lead i.e.Chris Christie.  Losers blame i.e. Obama, Nagin, Biden, etc...',1
'Oh, she gets plenty of hugs.',1
'without human contact , we do not do so well.  The Toltec people are an example of a people that lost their humanity. we should learn from history, hugging is way better than a cold , unfeeling stare. \r\n:)',1
'"What, me worry?"',1
'We used to get in trouble for hugging as well at my high school, here in the US.  That was back in the 90s too.  Our admins were uptight as they got.',1
'Agreed Maggie - As to lulabel - excuse me for being skeptical. Nap was a big thorn in RT's side and in the past per Lula's comments "she" wrote:\r\n\r\n"Not a liar.  After being in 2 abusive marriages I am safe with my cousin. I don't need any of you alls approval. We are happy and proud of it. Don't judge people. If we were walking down the street together you would never know."\r\n&\r\n"I like RT posts! You all crack me up!" \r\n\r\nAs 2-examples. Just sayin'. You be the judge.\r\n\r\nDo what you will but be warned - this is a very scary site with people who have been doing this for A LONG TIME. The have learned how to manipulate situations.',1
'I plan on retiring in India.....You could live like a King on SS as long as you have medical coverage.',1
'$2',0
'ATSYIII, you sure know a LOT about the seedy underbelly of Albuquerque....You are giving such intricate details...One has to wonder if you yourself are not part of the ones you call "trash"....',1
'lol busted **** law',1
'I beet u did forget! old geezer u forgot bushwacker !!! had the stocks at 7%',1
'And the flip flopper will do good things for those who aren't rich??? NOT LIKELY!!! He already stated he will add another 6 TRILLION to our defficit in his first term. G.W. Bush was THE failure!!!',1
'Who watches this crap?',1
'No.',1
'Alex Nevermind, you have a sharp mind and are willing to argue your points.  Those are good things and I'm more "on your side" than most people here.  Where you lose your audience is with your and {edit] unwillingness to "let it go."    Take this as its intended: some people you can thrash in a debate and still it doesn't much matter, as you're spending more energy than it's worth.  You get Michael so upset that he resorts to spelling flames, but how does that help any of us? (Or the two of you...)',1
'Appearing on the networks this morning, Christie, for the third day in a row, heaped praise on Obama’s handling of the storm. “The President has been outstanding in this,” he told the “Today” show. On “Morning Joe,” he said, “It’s been very good working with the President. He and his Administration have been coördinating with us. It’s been wonderful.” Speaking on CNN, Christie said that he had been mightily impressed by Obama’s accessibility throughout the crisis. “He gave me his number at the White House, told me to call him if I needed anything, and he absolutely means it.” Christie also pointed out that Obama didn’t once bring up politics in their conversations, and added, “If he’s not bringing it up, you can be sure that people in New Jersey are not worried about that, primarily if one of the guys running isn’t."',1
'agreed that the core values do change when a personal company \r\nbecomes a corporate entity without a soul.\r\nand i agree that others have the same problem.\r\nsomeone mentioned China .... evil communist empire \r\nthat it is. i'll have to change my chocolate habits.\r\nfocus on small lot organic fair trade chocolate makers.\r\nlet market pressures push this company back to\r\na better path.',1
'If this is proven to be true; OUR Governor needs to go after the union with a vengeance.  There are people out there who are having a very hard time and to get into a union girl fight with others whom are here to assist getting our state back up and running.  The union MUST be held accountable and the leaders need to be jailed.  It is nothing more than criminal to turn away crews from other states when we are in a crisis just because they don’t belong to their pus%# union group.  I would fire them all and bring in the military to get the job done; just like President Ragan did with the air traffic controllers.  Activate the Guard and Reserves and give them the good paying jobs, they deserve it, the puss& Unions do not…….',1
'Yes, a bright person at times wants to drown out the world. A dull person is less troubled by a world that is all too often, lousy.',1
'Well . . . how many cameras did she have on her?  5 ?  6 ?',1
'If we have to read about your war with “SuperBeast” you could at least explain it???',1
'Hugging at that age he should already know that girls have cooties Ewwwww',1
'Communism or free interprise is the choice this election. If you want a soviet stuyle government, then vote for Obama.',1
'"Typical Libtard response", Jeffy ?? Hell I thought you were going to blast me, or say something stupid about Benghazi or Obumpa...\r\n \r\nYou are losing your touch.\r\nMaybe come up with some other obscure facts, that we can hang our hats on....\r\nIt's very interesting to see your dreamship going down in flames.....And,\r\nAll you got is piss to spray on it...\r\nGuess you will be one of the Library posters that will be gone after next week...\r\nSweet Jeezus...I was just starting to get use to you...\r\nOh and BTW, I'm probably just one of those "old mean moderates."',1
'I agree.  There are a lot of angry and unhappy people here, both men and women.  It's really sad.',1
'My family (on Long Island,) is still without power, of course. But, we are very lucky to have some limited access to generator power.  \r\n The biggest problem is finding fuel for that. The house(s), the cars pretty much everything is trashed right now. They can't get into the city to work either. \r\n Again, we are blessed that they merely lost all their possessions. \r\n Everyone around them is in the same shape. \r\n And we still have each other.',1
'Romney / Ryan 2012',1
'No one's shirt is going to change my mind once it is made up. i feel sorry for people that would be influenced by such.',1
'I BET YOU JUST ATE  YOUR MAMA AND HAD YOUR DADDY'S BABY. KISS MY SSA YOU PHUQING WHORE BITCH. PHUQ YOUR DOG AGAIN. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHAHAHAHA. LICK MY SSAHOLE.',1
'My Wife makes more than I do, but she has gone to school and has degrees. I didn't have that chance when I was right out of high school. I go to school now, but I guess I married married up.  \r\n  \r\nWhen it comes down to it who cares. When you get married you decide to share a life not throw it in the other face.',1
'Too bad Tesla is going off the cliff when/if ROMNEY becomes president.',1
'It all looks pretty gross to me, although I might be able to be talked into the lobster roll.  Doesn't appear too evil.',1
'thats definately impressive,i hope he goes with the gators',1
'A person has the right to keep whatever they want on their cell phone, and should not have to worry about some jerk going through it!! I'm glad that the guys got charged with felonies!! They had NO right to distribute those pictures around!!\r\nIt's just too bad that the lady (waitress) didn't know how to password protect them or erase them if she no longer wanted them there. She may have took them to send to a boyfriend who was away or to remind herself about losing weight there are many reasons she may have took them...regardless, they were hers and no one else's!!',1
'Organized crime was never this effecient or ruthless!',1
'Hey Prez, quit Bogarting and pass the J',1
'I think 5 percent would be acceptable on Certificates of Deposit.  Perhaps liquid savings somewhat less.   That is the benchmark I am waiting for, anyway.  Regardless, however, I am still maintaining CD capital in CDs.  The money in other investments are still being maintained at that level and venue as well.  Its just my personal preference.',1
'AS we proceed with more women than men going to college, and going for more years of college, this is a natural outcome of that!',1
'Sure lets teach kids not to show affection.  Lets teach kids that caring is wrong.  You think maybe they will grow up to have cold hearts and beat their children and kick their dogs and worse.\r\n\r\nSimply use some common sense.  Of course the principal should be fired and the policy amended.',1
'Shouldn't this question be addressed to the POTUS?',1
'Wow, I am not even a single mom (I am married with 2 kids) and would not pay that for one meal. I do not live in a big city and a meal for 4 at Applebee's is around 50.00 for 2 adults and 2 kids. She was fully aware of the price tag when she went in: if you cannot afford to tip, don't go. I have never "not" left a tip but, I have scaled it way back for extremely poor service (that was the waitresses fault, poor kitchen service results in a complaint directly to the kitchen) That is what I spend on a week's worht of groceries, I really hope this was a hoax otherwise she should be hainging her head in shame!',1
'On the other end Michelle saying >>> 'I'll be waiting up for you wearing nothing but my birthday suit.'  :)',1
'bumper stickers you might get away with.  If you have a campain sign plastered to your car you are going to have to move it.  I have had to physically measure off the distance and make people move vehicles for signage.',1
'Absolutely convincing.  I'm with you dog....jumpin' out the window makes sense to me.',1
'No. all you people that say it isn't so, READ THIS!\r\nWAFF news director Adam Henning told me before the utility's statement was issued the station stands by its story. Ray Hardin, the general manager of Decatur, told on Friday that officials from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers presented workers with documents that "required our folks to affiliate with the union," which the company wouldn't agree to. It's unclear exactly what that means',1
'I like the way you think. I can't help but wonder why so many have to feel better about themselves by degrading others. I always though marriage was an equal partnership. Not a caste system.  If you do more work than the other person, male or female, maybe you need to get out unless there is a health reason or something. Been in relationships like that and if you don't at least try for 50/50, well then we need to rethink the whole thing. \r\n  \r\nStop competing for leadership with the one you love the most and just cooperate.',1
'No one gives a sh*t',1
'This is an old...old...old article.  I remember reading this 2 maybe even 3 years ago.  Yawn..This is all you could dig up for MSN real estate?????????',1
'Elwood.. WTF?! \r\n Are you a tard?',1
'"Cocaine's a hell of a drug" - Rick James',1
'Wow ....... 79 years.... that is a long long time.  God bless them both',1
'maybe this guy had BEEFEATERS GIN instead of tea!',1
'If it was the dog abuse that he based his decision on then he obviously is voting against the Dog eater, Obama!',1
'Sadden is another greedy corporate pig with no morals.',1
'Pardon me, however, after reading @FTEES post I was truly led to response to you. I've already posted a long answer to the question but I do want to pose a question to you...why is NOBODY talking about the child and his utter LACK of RESPECT to a police officer. That's a lesson he should have learned long before he was 10. If it was me and I had some smart-a** little kid tell me NO when I tell him to do something...he will be learning a lesson, perhaps not with a Taser, but something that is obviously shake him up and make one heck of a memory so that kid will think twice the next time!!! Bleeding hearts.',0
'Tasteless, yes.  A big deal..no.  I've seen much worse.  MSN clearly has nothing better to write about which is sad.  These people don't need to become national news.  The fact that a Marathon is being held and resources kept from people who need them are the story here.  Will McAvoy would be ashamed.......',1
'I would never stiff my server unless they were outright rude, or did an extremely poor job.  That's never happened, so I've always tipped. 15% for doing their job satisfactorily, more for friendly and/or helpful service.',1
'Well, he thought he was married to a bombshell. I saw the pics, she was ugly!!! I'm just saying.',1
'non-human you think like someone who's been smoking pot that was dipped in something else. What makes you think if pot was legal that nut jobs won't **** with it befor they hand it out. Just to see the party after.',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker man! They met via Bing\r\n [ seek add riders] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their friendship, romance & love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.',0
'I have been with State Farm since I was 16, (same agent from 16 to 33 New York, and now same agent since Nashville Tn) I am 46. I have NEVER gotten a ticket on my liscence, tho I did recieve 1 ticket for yeilding when I should have stopped, but took a coarse to "delete" it! My insurance has NEVER gone dawn as I have aged, the only posative is it hasnt gone up either. I still pay about the same as I paid when I was 16. I do not get a "good driver discount" and have never even heard of such a thing.',1
'Obviously, the word has been irreverently overused by those with a limited vocabulary and an insensitive attitude.  Gov. Romney is using his analogy of cleanup as evidence of his leadership and willingness to roll up his sleeves to aid others.  Look at BO with his phoney Photo-op in NJ.  Never visited NYC or lifted a finger for those devastated citizens there.  Pledged taxpayer money to help the "Jersey Shore".  What a faker in chief.',1
'The systems we allow to shape our lives are camouflaged as serving us when in fact, we the people are the servants. It seems even the institutions and activist groups with altruistic beginnings are infiltrated by instruments of chaos or control. \r\n\r\nI hear only silence while executive orders, signed in seclusion, override our constitution. Our lawmakers provide more restrictions than FREEDOM, with little thought to our pursuit of happiness . \r\nSocial engineering creates dependence and constrictions rather than independence and individual growth. I see the misuse of our military, in my name, to destroy thousands of innocent lives in sovereign countries that have done us no harm. We are ruled by BUREAUCRATS and threatened by AGENCIES. \r\nIt has to stop..',1
'Another Christian Taliban Republican running for office..  \r\n John Koster's remarks is the latest instance of a Republican congressional candidate stirring controversy over abortion and rape. \r\n OLYMPIA, Washington - Tea Party politician John Koster, the Republican nominee for a hotly contested congressional seat in Washington state, says he opposes abortions, even in cases of "the rape thing," because it is tantamount to inflicting "more violence onto a woman's body."',0
'Bloomberg is a billionaire. Together both of you are still nothingaires in your Florida trailer the wreaks of pickle juice. \r\n \r\nYou can't spell your own ID correctly or the President's name. Is this ALL you have in your life? How PATHETIC.',1
'Esto fue escrito con mi iPhone.',1
'I DO NOT LIKE Mitt Romney. I dislike him intensely. That being said, I heard an excerpt from this speech on the radio and there was absoloutely nothing wrong with what he said. \r\nEncouraging folks to do what they can to help, making a verbal illustration of how to make an overwhelming job seem do-able?  How dare he-- umm, not.\r\nPoorly executed MSN rabble rousing and sensationalism.',1
'As someone who lives in NY and is dealing with the aftermath of the storm, the thought that any of my neighbors could be this self absorbed is sickening! whatever you have seen on the news, it is 10x worse in person. There is a time and a place for taking photos, NOW IS NOT THE TIME, as someone said before, put on some sweats and help your neighbors! RIDICULOUS.',1
'Wow, Chance needs to come out of the strained closet of sexual frustration and be the Grammer Queen always trapped inside.',1
'This is an example that the Americans did not learn anything from how the Japanese handled the Tsunami and whacked over half the county in one huge super wave!',1
'Whacked... obviously.',1
'Has anyone else noticed quite how many Saint Etienne music videos there are?! They've released about thirty five singles over the last twenty years or so and there's a music video for almost every one far as I can tell which just seems really really odd. I heartily recommend the video for 'I Was Born On Christmas Day'. There are no words to describe it.',1
'Um....I don't remember Hunter Hayes being mentioned in any country music awards show 11 yrs ago. Maybe that's because he's just starting to release music being recognized by country music.',1
'I went in twice to my local Hyundai dealer to express concern and irritation at the lower than expected mileage I was getting. I am not a teen driver; I am 59 and very careful how I drive. \r\nThey kept telling me that it would get the mileage as soon as it was broken in. The salesman had said before we bought the car that it would most likely exceed the mileage when I drove it off the lot. Even on the highway, I never got the mileage promised. The managers at the dealership claimed all kinds of things that just never added up.\r\nI am glad that there will be some payback, but 1 mile per gallon is not enough for my experience. I would never have complained twice had it only been off one or two miles per gallon.\r\nThe article says that the payback is for one year. What about the fact that we will be unable to afford another car for at least two years? I do not get reimbursed for those years.',1
'As usual, the discussion is full of childish, moronic conservative remarks.',1
'I am a woman who has dated the geeks and nerds that other women snub, and it's been my experience that the nerdy/geeky guys are just as likely to be as crappy and abusive and the rest of the male population.    Ladies, don't fool yourselves: a nerdy man is still a man.  They all turn out to be creeps in the long run.  Take the advice that rose from massachusetts gave in her first post and learn to take care of yourself.  Relationships, marriage, children...all that stuff is overrated.  If you're smart, then stay single.  I'm 38 and am glad that I'm without the burden of a mate and child/children,  and I know that as old as I'm getting, it should be easy to keep it that way.',1
'No but if she wishes to drag Cee Lo's name through the dirt, tell us your name lady so we can stay far far away from your greedy azz.',0
'I don't know they say he always say's what he Means.\r\nDumber than Dumb. And he could be our President if something happened to the other Dumb Dumb.',1
'Today the Dow made a nice pronounced  Wave 4 rising to a 47% retracement.  I expect over the next few days for it to begin Wave 5 downward, the final leg of a Wave 5 formation. the projected target is the 12,700-12,500 area. \r\n  \r\nCrude Oil is moving sideways and remains in s SELL posture. The Monthly Chart strongly suggests a fall in price.',1
'Really, who gives a damn about finding them, way too late now to make turtle soup with them',1
'Not really, never understood what the appeal is other than buying into hype.  I have used plenty of Apple products and just never found that there allure justified there price points.  I am “cool” enough without them…at least that’s what my mom says.  :)',1
'@Justanother: Wow, is that your "proof"? LMAO. Lemming.',1
'calling on the other end of The Phone, with a question, "Is this Really Real, or is it Animated??".',0
'the accuser he has guilty written all over his forehead',1
'Oh ya and loved them.  Comfortable and warm in the winter.   A great house boot.  I have bought knock offs which seemed the same, my guess is that's what accounts for the lack of sales.  Costco sells them for a great price.',1
'wow - what a bunch of bitter men on here.',1
'really? I would never consider myself a liar and I often print and use cursive when writing in a hurry',1
'h#ll YES!! Maybe moonshine will be next,.  If You can get it, it's the best!  Forget Everclear, I use THAT to clean wounds!!!  ; }',1
'Bloombum's endorsement of Obama was even more cartoonish and comical, who would listen this fool.',1
'It's nice you are so supportive, too bad the medical professions are not supportive of new grads. I think every other woman in my neighborhood has some sort of minor medical degree in nursing, radiology, phlebotomy, but not working in those fields, many underemployed people out there.',1
'Must have been showing political commercials during cartoon time. Don't fret kid, most adults don't like them either.',1
'The Band Perry is awesome.  But I'm afraid I'm not much of a Taylor Swift fan.  She's a cute little thing, good at writing music and lyrics, but as a singer she just isn't much.  If you're giving her an award for music and lyrics, I can buy that, but I've heard better voices at karoke bars.  Sorry Taylor, this isn't because I don't like you.  You're sweet and all that, but I am not an admirer of your voice.',1
'What does one have to do with the other?  A small donation to a related charity sounds more feasible.',1
'GET A LIFE!!!!!!!!!!\r\n  If all you have to worry about, is one child giving another one a HUG, then you should be HAPPY!!!\r\n \r\n     LIGHTEN UP, YOU BUNCH OF STUFFED SHIRT @SSHOLES.........',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'I would be in jail now....and someone would be eating through a straw!',1
'Another:  having a mortgage.  Brought to you by MortgageFree.  (And yes, my house is paid off, and so is my pool.)',0
'This year, the health care insurance company transferred me to another one; because they have eliminated my current plan. There are MANY NEW health care insurance company names...when you read the newspaper. I suspect the health care insurance companies are getting ready for next year: by eliminating certain plans and raising the premium prices.',1
'And he knows where you live!',1
'Anna Wintour and the like will LOVE it....',1
'If it werent for blake and miranda, kelly and vince, with brad and Carrie hosting we would have watched CSI re run's,  Taylor swift I'm not kicking you but if you dont evolve into an adult soon you will be as dust on the stage floor, swept away with the winds of time.  It saddens our hearts to watch country go tatooed and pierceing, strange hats and anerexiaed into the night, aw well all things must end.  God bless you Willie Nelson I attended your concert in South Dakota in 1984 and you have stayed true to country.',1
'Oh Kait lighten up will ya...It was meant to be funny that all...',1
'I love them both!',1
'I see my last post was deleted so this is to the administrator! \r\nwhy do we call it freedom of speech if some **** like you is going to delete it? \r\nsome freedom,you must be a pop fan! \r\ngo get a real job!',0
'They let mental patients vote?\r\nOh yeah, that's right, Obama got elected.  Clearly they do.',1
'They're ugly and they're expensive, nuff said.  If I ever spend that much on boots, they're going to be warm AND nice looking.',1
'Have you not seen his picture?  I have.  Somehow I kind of doubt that senario.',1
'I would OWN that shelter after I was done with them in court.  Then I would fire everyone involved in the death of this sweet puppy, which had its whole life ahead of it!!',1
'of course it did, its good 2 c a smart powerful businessman like bloomberg  acknowledging the seriousness of our climate changing.  fortunately we can also change with it , hopefully for the better.',1
'I'd like to see ANY press coverage of the other candidates for President (the ones no one ever gets to hear about because they are neither Democrats nor Republicans), an end to the 2 party dominant system, an end to the Electoral College, and an end to pre-election polling. I believe all of these factors have undue influence on the outcome of the election. For example, if I support a candidate who is trailing in the polls, and I understand the Electoral College process, what is my incentive to cast my vote? Because of the polls I know my County/Parish/Distri  ​ ct will be awarded to one candidate, along with my State, and that candidate will be awarded electoral votes. My one vote means nothing in this process. We've already seen two elections in American history where the candidate lost the popular vote but won the election because of the Electoral College, and I don't believe this is the best possible way to elect our President.',1
'I liked the post as well and have the same answer as SoII.  I, too, made enough to float my own boat so to speak but what I always wondered, was, why do men bother getting married?  There are enough women out there to enjoy without getting tied down.  On the other hand, there are all kinds of jobs now that are open to women so why do they want the tie downs as well. Why not enjoy each other and not tie knots and wind up with anchors.',1
'These batteries don't just "burn up", they EXPLODE!  And quite violently!',1
'I guess I am one of the lucky women in this world to have an amazing man. We just got married March 30, 2012. My husband has always helped me with the laundry, dishes, kids homework, etc. This is his first marriage and my 2nd. I know that I Iearned from the first time never take my husband for granted. He may never have been married before but he has had some pretty crappy relationships so he doesn't take me for granted. As a married couple we know that in the end when our children grow up and make their own lives that it will be just the 2 of us. He is my best friend and I vowed to never take him for granted. I have seen marriages fall apart because of one partner expecting more than they are willing to give (my first marriage). I am thankful everyday for the wonderful relationship my husband and I have. Good luck to both the men and women getting married',1
'psssch sharks',1
'I guess that would be up to her, wouldn't it? With such low legal limits now it doesn't take much to get busted for "drunk" driving.',1
'Maybe its the 10 million new people on welfare is that what you met',1
'With what is going on in other parts of the world. I could really care less if the MPG stated on a car is slightly inaccurate. MPG is not why most people buy they cars that do anywyay. People buy cars for looks.',1
'Barack HUSSEIN Obama did NOT "save GM" - he saved the unions. Had GM declared bankruptcy, they would NOT have ceased makinga single automobile; would NOT have closed a single plant - they would have gotten out from under the restrictive union contracts that demand high wages and high benefits that cripple GM. \r\nThe unions own the DemocRATS and the DemocRATS are beholden to the unions. \r\nNew Jersey is the most unionized state in the country - ALWAYS votes for DemocRATS - will vote to reelect Obama.',1
'What planet is he/she/it from???',1
'Oh dunno, seems you folks with Beh Ghazi cover-up theories are the only one who couldn't figure out from the onset that that was a terrorist attack...the rest of us have our feet in reality.',1
'It's good to be the king.',1
'Best Choice, Simone. Love Khloe!!!',1
'Well stated, Dan. PEACE!',1
'That blamee guy has got me so freaked I want to buy back one of those bunkers I sold last month.',0
'You do not belong here...running around with your silly questions about things you know nothing about.  Let the professionals with phd's and $million dollar carbon credit portfolios ask the questions.  Now bugger off before I taunt you a second time.',0
'The second you put on a fresh pair of real UGS that fit perfectly you understand the hype.  If you're like me and could care less what others think about them, they're worth every penny.  My 1st pair lasted 12 years.  I suppose I would have replaced them earlier if they were less expensive.  Knock-offs were never an option, because I wasn't going for the look.  I think UGGs having financial issues because they've departed from their original design and started making really outlandish styles.  I think as a company they're forced back to basics.  At the end of the day, they still make a superior product.',1
'Miranda Lambert........now I know what Honey Boo Boo will look like when she is older!!!',1
'I drive Prius, milage king in America.  MY mileage is just under 50 mpg but I have notice that when I am driving by one of those mileage checks  on the highway that tell you what your speed is at the moment, they always understate what my speed is according to my speedometer.  In other words if they show 30 mph and my speedometer shows 32 mph then my car is overstating my speed which would also overstate my mpg if you think about it.  Consumer report does a test on a 150 mile test trip where they show the MPG for that trip.  It is the most accurate figure I have seen for mpg out there.  By the way they show my car averages 44.5 mpg the best of all cars.  Even though my car shows more than that i believe they are probably correct. On another note Ford is shamefully overstating their gas mileage on TV commercials.  Sick 'em EPA!',1
'iBuyaSamsung',1
'Who is the worse of the two Crooks?',0
'Longhand - you might need to explain that to some of the young'uns round these parts.',1
'Aren't all Lifetime movies aweful?',1
'ROMNESIA once again!',1
'"Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time"  Nice...  I can't count the number of times I have been passed like I am standing still by a cop without lights.  "Maybe he is going down the road to nab a bad guy" 20 miles later, there he is in the median.  The law applies to all.',1
'Unfortunately dogs are sometimes allowed to behave like animals and jump on pizza guys when  unsupervised -- a human error, not the dog's. The second human error cost the dog his life, and heartache for all involved. Please, if you are responsible for a pet, either as an owner or a caregiver, realize that the pet is relying on you 100% for its care and protection.  \r\nWith respect to the unintentional euthanization, I would think a highly visible tag or collar might have helped prevent it.',1
'I can remember the days (well, at least the days after) waking up with a bad case of "Bud Mud". Now the company expects me to drink it.',1
'Ya Tell the Truth.  The Republicans are all For the RICH.  Accuse People with No Money of Being Leeches.  Who's the Real  Leach, The Rich Who Can Afford to Be Taxed .  Or the Poor Who Cannot  The Rich Stand up With the Nerve to Say They Cannot Pay the Tax When They Know They Can.',1
'Speaking of Cma's, i just saw Miranda Lambert preform a seriously rockin' version of "fastest girl in town." Loved it.',1
'MrKyte, why do you support the party of bigger government and more spending, in 2001 Federal spending was $1.9 trillion, after 8 years of a Republican in the White House, spending rose to $3.5 trillion in just 8 years, by 2009 almost doubling. From 2009 to 2013 with Obama in the White House spending has increased to $3.8 trillion, just $300 billion, barely enough to keep up with inflation. So why does anybody believe that the party that increased spending by $1.6 trillion per year, is better qualified than the party who increased it $300 billion ?',1
'Really ? Mitt said what ??? nooooooooooooooo really ??? hehehhe',1
'Wait, it can't be.  I thought they banned guns in New York City.',1
'There is no such thing as in scorning, you are brainwashed by the fem nazis sorry.',1
'What a pig.',0
'wow, 20 people want child labor? slave labor? Must be hershey exec's',1
'Hey Bryant, those same fans you are cussing pay your salary you jack wagon! What a tool....never liked his cry baby @ss. No matter how good he is....he ruins it by opening his mouth, or sexually assaulting women. Haha',1
'Typical MSN....',1
'I totally agree.  If you can't afford to pay for service then STAY HOME and serve yourself.',1
'@ christine yergeau   Toronto is so diverse and tolerant of different cultures that embracing their differences is key to everything there.  That said I haven't yet seen what this amazing city has to offer first hand but I do have a cousin who made Toronto his home after growing up in Montreal. I was in Ottawa once because I had the pleasure of staying at The Chateau Montebello before the Fairmont Group bought it but never had the time to enjoy the Provonce. I am from VT and my people came from Quebec to the states a few generations ago. I was  fortunate enough to spend a month every summer with relatives in Montreal  since I was around 12 years old. I witnessed the Quebecois battling for French domination from the late sixties into the early seventies. After four years of French in High School and that month every summer growing up I was almost fluent in French.  As a young man I returned many times when I lived less than 3 hours away in Burlington VT for obvious reasons.  Just as you did not refer to all Americans as haters...  I will not refer to all Canadians as lovely people . \r\nThis is not directed at the citizens of Toronto . The Quebecois can be rude and downright insulting to  the Americans spending money in their quite beautiful city of Montreal . I used to find it amusing since they were mainly bi-lingual and when I would listen to them trash my friends and myself in French ,to reply to them in French ,especially local slang to let them know that some Americans can speak French. The looks on their faces were priceless . However I do not paint all French speaking Montreal citizens with the same brush . To me French is a beautiful language and they are proud of their heritage as they should be. I feel lucky to grow up in two worlds but when the "Language Police " started measuring signs and would  fine business owners" if the English signs were too large compared to the  mandatory French ratio of being bigger is just silly. Also this talk of seceding from Canada is crazy . Even the recent victory for the Quebecois which I applaud the first lady ever to be elected to her position and her election victory albeit bittersweet when the shooter tainted it  they are a minority party and have said themselves there will be no talk of seceding from Canada for years to come but... \r\n  \r\nAny country or sizable group numbers wise is going to have the same percentages of deviants, criminals , and so on. \r\n  \r\nI still love Canada and comparing them with Americans I must say at a glance they are a polite society but not perfect. \r\nThanks for Listening. \r\nJohn H.',1
'With difference in handwrite/print, I think the person MAY have left the tip on the table instead of putting it on their credit card????',1
'To-"Youve_GOT_To_Be_  ​ Joking"--Why are you being so upset and telling me I don't know diddly squat about you?  First of all, I did not personally attack you.  Iam very sorry that you had the hard time that you had raising your sibling.  My heart really does go out to you.  I did not know your history, so please don't assume that I think I have any insight into your life.  The fact that it seems I have hit a nerve about your "attitude" makes me wonder if what I said, does indeed pertain to you-that perhaps, because you did your best and gave your all to your sibling, that maybe you actually do feel you didn't do your best somehow.   I know the quality of life was certainly not easy years ago.  My dad was not treated very well by his parents and punished quite often.  I was just stating the obvious, that families were always very large generations ago.   I do agree with you that so many children get lost in the cracks.  There is also the age  in which you had to start taking care of  your sibling.  You were a teen and the Duggars didn't start their family until they were married and in their twenties.  I certainly never meant to offend you, and I do commend you on what must have been a very difficult, long and hard road  and the fact that you lost a parent, must have been a very hard and painful experience at such a young age to cope with.',1
'because the turtles were hiding in their shell....',1
'Who gets to be the judge of whether he proves it or not, Mourdock or Flint?\r\n \r\nI offer Flint $1 billion if he can prove God doesn't.',1
'maybe i could sweep Gigi off her feet...woohoo xoxox to Gigi',1
'Are you kidding me? That is not racist. I think those Arab countries have AK-47 vending machines at every street corner along with vending machines with American and Israeli flags.',1
'Despite Hurricane Sandy, there's a new Rock & Roll & column up at B&N Review on David Byrne and Jonathan Lethem.',1
'There should have been atleast 2 more eggs with that delicious looking breakfast.... I would need hasbrowns too!!! I also need 1 shot of gin in my coffee',0
'Montana , Micky just wants free cheese.',1
'I know a guy, a friend, who turned down work as a pipe fitter for my dad because they were non union.  The starting wage was 25.00/hr, but they didn't contribute to his pension, so he turned it away.  I'd give his name and city, but that wouldn't be fair as a friend.  The company my dad works for may not pay into an employee pension, but they offer good medical and 401k matching.  Union thugs brainwash their members to think Union or the highway.  No wonder we can't fix our infrastructure with that mentality.',1
'You're writing is unclear, who is "they"...the unions or the visiting non union workers?\r\nWho are the "powers that be"? The union bosses or the politicos?',1
'Ha! More like "uh." I counted "uhs" in his last press conference (seriously, he had one-- didn't take any questions but he actually spoke to the people) 50 times. Every single sentence has "uh" in it. Michelle's too.',1
'Are there anymore brownies Michelle????????',1
'I was not going to respond, but you have never been more wrong about somebody in your life. I am a good person, I have a great life and a strange sense of humor, I created some personas because someone was being an azzhole to Moxie, She shot me an email begging me to. she thanked me afterwards. I was always respectful to everybody, Including you. You were one of the funnist people I talked with and have always had fun. In about three days with outside help, what was a nice fun diversion has turned into and really ugly place. I have been accused of stalking, I have been accused of being a child molester, (My own daughter) I had mentioned my college degree and one of you three musketeers insisted I dont have a degree. I have been accused of posting my own address for perversion...I dont live in New York. I read a post where one of your buddies says I don't live in California. Tell that to my wife! I was getting frustrated and pissed of because for some reason, you want to believe every damn thing your red friend says. I liked you, I enjoyed the talks and the jokes. I I dont know why you are so ready to listen to somebody make up lies about me and try to turn me into some kind of monster. Feel free to file charges of harassment if you truly feel it is necessary.',0
'I agree 100% Taylor Swift is not country at all. The song Blown Away is awful, sounds like Carrie screaming not singing. Country Music has died. Like the song says "Someone Killed Country Music" George Strait and Alan Jackson. We need them back.',1
'you know gabechihua I had to reply to your statement.  These girls who have unprotected sex and yes people the female ultimately decide if she is going to be a mother what do these females think sperm + protection = no suprises stupidity + sperm = unplanned pregnancy I'm a female and I have always chosen Not to have an unplanned Pregancy theres nothing complicated about it take birth controll and stop letting a man do a pump n dump cause the female is the one left holding the bag ..for a society that is so techno with the blogs, tweets and facebook it's amazing how stupid women are',1
'I wear them around the house, not really out in public.  The original idea was something warm on your feet after you've been surfing in a cold ocean.  But, like most of you, when they became popular, Ugg raised their prices to laughable levels.  They are now reaping the benefits of pricing themselves out of the market, kind of like Yankee Candle.',1
'I'd be afraid to have one...  What happens in a bad rain storm, or God forbid, I drive thru a big puddle?\r\nNope, I'll stick to something stupid, like a prius.',1
'An elderly neighbor came to the door in tighty whiteys one year, beer in hand, hairy, hairy beer gut on full display. In retrospect, it was a very effective way to rid himself of the nuisance of costumed children begging for candy - my siblings and the group we were with never went to his door again.',1
'wow..nice way to wiggle out of the uncomfortable feelings of exploiting children. I see you are part of the "kick the can down the road" group. Let's boycott Hershey until they change these practices, that sounds like a better idea to me.',1
'I agree with most comments posted. Although I do like 'today's country', it can't even be compared to Reba, Faith Hill, Brooks & Dunn, etc. The biggest complaint I have is the Kelly Clarkson/Vince Gil duet. It was terrible! I would have thought Vince would have done most of the singing...since he IS a country artist...but no, it was basically all sung by Clarkson, who is and has never been a country artist (unless I missed something??!!) They should probably just start combining the pop awards shows and CMAs. It would save us all about 3 hours of our life.',1
'Loved the clip! Did anyone notice Ohio was BLUE on the map behind Burns? Mitt's blatant LIE about Jeep gave Ohio to prez. Obama. They say the road to the White House goes through Ohio. For Mitt Ohio is the road oblivion.',1
'What a load of horse malarky, This article is nothing  more then an amateur  smear campaign against Hershey, While there may be some fact  in the article  and that alone  would concern any  moral person, Its all surrounded by conjecture,suppositi  ​ on and  out  right fabrication. As for the  louisiana  police association that  owns stock? and is suing  just to look at  some records?  Well all I can say is your a bunch of idiots. How  much  do you lose when  share prices fall? du!!!!! Ok I'll commend your moral Stance, but  I for one would of  just sold  my stocks  and  took my money and invested it in something i had more faith in. Talk about shooting your  pensioners  in the foot!',0
'I don't really understand these "Music Award Shows"  You already know who will win... There are about 10 -15 "country" singers left in the world according to the folks that do these shows. The winners are NOT chosen for talent, Taylor Swift has made that ABUNDANTLY clear!  Not that I am a "die-hard" country music fan but could someone tell me what happened to people like Dolly Parton, Loretta Lynn... Martina McBride?  Did they all retire, pass-away?  When it comes to the men in "country music" you might as well hang that up!  Well, unless your Tim McGraw who has stooped to the level of setting fake confrontations with "out-of-control-men who chosen to pick a fight with a female counterpart directly in eye & ear shot of the stage! Of course Tim springs into action (along with a dozen or more strong-arms) to "rescue" said damsel in distress!  That was cool! well for the first time!  Then the second!  Then the third??? not so much, 4th time...nah 5th?? ok let's try something new here people!!!  Country Music is done. All you have is the shell and some really slick marketing people... The sad thing here really when there was actually a chance anyone could "make-it" in Nashville, some of the life-stories of what they went thru and how they dreamed for years just for the chance to be heard were wonderful to hear and read about! Also the "age limit" on Country stars is getting younger every year! The path we're on now within the next 10 years or so all the new "Hot-Talent" more then likely will be New born babies singing directly from the Nashville Hospital OG/GYN Department!  BUT, THEN ONLY IF they are: Female!  Blonde. Sized 1 or less, Under-weight... Not real "brite"  The traditional new baby blanket will have to be replaced by a skin-tight, low-cut "hooker-lite" styled dress.  With a minimum of 5 inch Heels!  .....An the winner for "Entertainer Of The Year, 2018" is........... What a joke!',1
'Do you know that in many states you can only sue for the monetary value of a pet?  That means if you took in a free kitten it has no monetary value and therefore you have no recourse to sue?  Horrible, I admit, but that is the law in my state and many others.  I have 4 "free" kittens and 2 dogs that I paid less than $50 each for each (pound fees) and every one of these are like my children and there is no amount of money that could replace their loss.  That's why I take serious precautions in my care of them.',1
'People I know who have them say they're very comfortable, but I'm not willing to spend that much money on these ugly boots.  Maybe if they were sold for less than $50.. I might.. but they certainly wouldn't be those hideous silver ones on the photo.. they look like they belong on an astronaut.',1
'I haven't watched the awards for years / nor commercial radio - it is all pop except for a few true country songs once in a blue moon. \r\n  \r\nI'm glad that I have Sirius XM for my vehicle and home.  Also, Music Choice through my cable TV service.  That's where I find the classic country with real twang.  I listen all day / every day ... it's just that good !!!',1
'I agree with you Walrus. Giving a guy a certain look, moving a certain way or saying just one word very slowly is easy. I defiantly need to work on my watercolor technique though.  ;)',0
'I'd call my lawyer. The officer needs to be held accountable; this really looks like aggravated assault. The problem is, when this happens, one is going to have a face-off with the local government and the general police culture. I've experienced bad behavior from law enforcement.  Redress is nearly impossible. They have authority, and they are armed. Getting the media involved can be a help.',1
'Unions do act entitled sometimes but at same time if there was no organized labor to negotiate good wages then everyone would be at the mercy of companies. I'm willing to say there would be even more low paying jobs than there is now. I mean look at non union companies. Majority don't pay a wage that is equal to the cost of living, or offer decent insurance. Look at major company like walmart. Making billions in profit but dont pay that well. They offer insurance but you have to meet certain guidelinesto get it like hours worked, and they watch your hours like a hawk to make sure you dont get enough to qualify. I have two friends who have union jobs and make a very good living and they have never had contract issues. I'd love to be union. I know there is some bad but overall i think its worth it. People seem to think getting rid of unions would make things better. Wrong it'll ensure you have no say and even more cmpanies will adopt the take it and like it attitude as it pertains to wages and benefits',1
'I could care less,if you do,take a pill,move on.',1
'My top stock to drop? Obama.',0
'Super dyr ble suge på en big fat dick .... Deretter dick spratt åpne og fylt ham opp som en hake .... Hold suger ... At Lang ... fett .... vanskelig .... lilla ... Penis ..... Super dyr suger dick ...',0
'He can pick up litter as an inmate, freeing up the deserving employees to do other needed jobs. This guy should only receive taxpayer money that he earns while getting "3 hots & a cot", not as a civil or public employee on our tax dollars.',1
'No need to wonder folks.....it is the vile toxic trolls that have nothing better to do with their time but storm after anybody who appears to have a heart and a brain....it's beyond sad!!!!',1
'piss on your mama son.',1
'OMG!! Thank you LA!! It's about time some of these states wake up to the horrendous and cruel treatment these puppy mills do! I hope others follow suit.',1
'I used to like Faith and Tim but both need to take a harsh look at reality--they ain't got it anymore!! \r\nFaith's voice kept going out and despite all those veins and muscles popping out on her neck, her voice is weak. What is with them both so super skinny?? Are they on something?',1
'Did the whole Route a few years ago, great experience, views and people.  But defiantly have to have your plan and maps down to do it right.  All I can say is my GPS was a God-send and hit as much of the real thing as I could.',1
'Well, 38.1% of the population of texas is hispanic, 12.2% negro, and those are the two largest groups that are in the tank for barry. Not to mention all the a-rabs, you know they'd vote muzlamb over mormon.\r\n \r\nHouston has a lesbian mayor, Dallas is the NYC, and Austin is the San Francisco of texas; need I say more?\r\n \r\nI was born in Lubbock myself, but facts are facts.',1
'HI TIDALWAVE!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'i have a female breeder from a puppy mill raid. god only knows how many puppies she was forced to have. at first she had no clue what life was supposed to be like for a dog. now she is the happiest little sh1t  and loving life! puppy mills are disgusting',1
'I can assure you not all animal shelters are created equally.  I have always gone to shelters for my animals, unless they find me themselves.  I went to a city owned shelter, thinking it was equivalent to the Human Society; my daughter was looking for a certain cat.  At the city shelter she found a kitten.  As we were checking out the “Red Flags” started flying up loud and clear; by the staff.  To make a long story short, they had totally neglected the cat that they had, had for months, even missing her shots.  The next day at the vets, I find out she was twice as old as the shelter  thought she was because she was so sick and malnourished.  Yes!!  She was a lucky little kitty, because she would of died where she was at, had we not taken her out of that city owned shelter.',1
'romney's plan is the same plan the republican's have tried for 20 years or more, trickel down just exactly how well did it work grey ghost',1
'I agree, I think it also looks like a mans handwriting.',1
'THAT'S JUST WHAT I MEAN THE DETAILS. DA',1
'The point is, it's not more appropriate to ask some guy on the street to clean out your car simply because you're an officer than it is in this situation. As life would have it, I am certianly not a "young mother" (though hey, I'll go with 29 again if you insist!) and am constantly on the receiving end of compliments for my children's behaviour from the staff at their schools. Furthermore, I come from a family of professional educators, serve on various school affiliated committees and volunteer regularly at the elementary school level. I am well aware of what a "career day" is supposed to be, and it most certainly does NOT involve cleaning out an officers messy vehicle. Your flimsy excuse for the officer of trying to teach teamwork falls flat because if that were the point the officer would have been there helping as well. It is vital that we not only teach our children to respect adults and others in authority, but that we also teach them when it is appropriate to refuse to follow orders that cross the line as well.',1
'you obviously think you know so much about everybody's jobs. he hasn't saved anything. what about benghazi? our troops? he is only worried about himself. Romney will do so much better for this country than obama.',1
'11 years ago Hunter Hayes was 9 years old!  I think maybe you are thinking of Wade Hayes.  If you're going to bash someone, at least get it right.  I'm not a fan of all the "rock" in country music, but apparently there are people that are buying the music and requesting it on the radio.  I do miss Reba, George, Alan and Conway's music.  I LOVE Pontoon, but not just for the lyrics......I love the music, it's such a catchy tune!  I thought many of the acts last night sounded horrible, but i'm not sure if that's their fault.  At most of the award shows that i watch, I'm not impressed by the singing.  I really do watch the Awards, to SEE who gets the awards.....so they could really shorten it all by omitting some of the singing acts and stick to awards.',1
'I got more $$$ than you do. Hey, you Cuban, shove your $1M up your you know what !',1
'Obama a SMUG person and it shows in this photo - even during the debates he seem annoyed that a person of his stature has to respond to commoners. In his 4 years, he is treated like a King and never has to answer to anyone as no one questions him. It's all yes sir! But now he actually has to deal with common voters that he is begging for their votes...you know his 47%....gays, lesbians, cross-genders, illegal Mexicans and of course his black race, who vote blindly for him. The most racist vote....we've ever seen in American politics. The brothers want him in, so the Free food stamps, free welfare, free healthcare continue for the next 4 years....then they might need to get a job!',0
'"It's all Bush's fault! Really!"',1
'grosssssss.. Naked monkeys.',1
'Then the cop would have tased your worthless kid and killed you. Everyone would then rejoice.',0
'1',0
'Romney did in fact win CHINA',1
'when you were in your early 20's.. what are you now in your later?',1
'That land was owned by a private party and Perry had nothing to do with it you racist jack a$$',0
'Ever wonder why the Mafia took such an interest in the unions?',1
'One of the most accurate comments ever posted!! The Dumbocrats don't think, they just vote for whoever the party tells them to vote for!!',1
'And then you woke up with a wet hand....jeff's dick in your hand....HAHAHAHAHAHA',0
'True austerity comes with cutting spending.  The data showed none of them actually did.  All they keep doing is asking for new loans to replace the old ones.  That doesn't get you anywhere, cept for slowly deeper.',1
'Huchimama:  You're right, there are still plenty of humans in LA living in substandard housing, and something should be.....and hopefully will be done to remedy that.  However, as a human myself, I know that if I need help getting out of the hell I'm in, I can ask for help, and if I don't get it the first time, I'll ask again and again until I do get it.  Animals don't have a voice, so as humans, we need to be their voice.  Speak For The Meek.',1
'I agree. 16 and pregnant makes me sick. Im and average person with one 5 year old and have been trying for years for another. I have gone thru medical testing and there are no answers, but yet these young girls have these babies, drag them all around town. Around random boyfriends and some how AMERICA loves it!!!! Seriously those babies are going to grow up and be able to watch that... How do you think it is going to impact them.... MTV should be embarrassed about that show. Being pregnant at 16 is something that you should be ashamed of not being broadcasted nationwide!!!!!',1
'Why do you listen if you don't like it? I grew up with old classic "country". I still love it but also love the new "country. If you can't say something nice don't say anything. Sounds to me like you need to find a genre of music you like......."country"  ​  obviously isn't it!',1
'your claims of the country belonging to the natives the colonists stole it from is as old as the claims of slavery and the descendants being deserving of reparations.\r\nthe country has plenty of people who are white, but have no ancestry of owning slaves,\r\nno ancestry with the colonists,\r\nthere are a lot of people who also migrated to this country during the great depression,\r\nand just because of their skin being "white",\r\nthey get accused of being so privileged.\r\nsome of you will dig as deep as the BP oil wells to find some sort of justifications that you deserve what you get for you only claiming to being a minority,\r\nwhen in fact,\r\nyou're actually the majority.',1
'Why spend $100 on a pair of these when you can spend $300 on a purse?',1
'typical libtard response. Instead of denouncing the act, try to deflect.\r\n\r\nYou have a graduate degree in libtard',0
'Heavens to Betsy!',1
'uh if the shark had wanted you then your punches would of been for naught, most sharks other than bull and tiger prefer something other than human, count your lucky stars that that shark wasnt ravenous because if it was you'd be sharkshit',1
'PSYCHEDOUT \r\n DID YOU KNOW THAT THE PANCREAS UNLIKE OTHER ORGANS CAN BE RE-TRAINED TO RESUME IT'S  PRIMARY FUNCTION ?? \r\n UNLIKE OBAMA',0
'I don't think the crab amputated it as much as just pulled it off.',1
'my ex mother in law. she's a beast!!!!  Hoooaaa!!!',1
'Take the climate change deniers line them up on the beach and let mother nature sort them out.  Maybe they will get the picture when Hurricane Sandy or a bigger one sends a tree at them or their house.You have to be an idiot to not realize the huge amount of heat and carbon and gas being produced is not changing the planet billions of cars  and people and the power and exhaust  and waste generated Come on......Survival and the world left to our children should take priority  over all politics eventually  we are all affected and all humanity will see human induced climate change is real',1
'way excessive ... but then again this guy ws taking money from rich porn stars......this madness has got to end !!!! doesn;t he realize that porn stars have to eat  to (uhh i mean food ....not each other )',1
'haha its ok i dont either...that is just saying our families sucked in knowing how to raise children with reaching our SPICE goals and reaching our milestones that children need in order to successful and steady when they reach 10 years and up',1
'"No shave November"? What the hell are you talking about?',1
'Obama looks like he  thinks he's cute... Maybe he has just had the Benghazi conversation for the ump-teenth time and is enjoying himself over the lies and the stone walling - thinking he is above the people of this country and doesn't need to answer.  or maybe.. he is enjoying the photo op he did in NY and is grateful he got away without helping them.',1
'Where is all the white women at ?',1
'Actually, we're talking about whatever we want. They call that freedom of speech.  \r\n And Yup, I "HATE" being LIED TO by my President!',1
'There is absolutely no DOUBT!',1
'Wow, $121.12 an hour for skilled labor. If I have no signed agreement or MOU with anyone, I can hire who I can afford...period! If they unionize and I can't afford what they are asking....I fold up, we all move on...it's all about choices. I either share in my millions of dollars in profits because we all know this is what it will amount to. If I can charge $500 an hour for services my employee will provide then I should be able to pay them a decent wage with benefits since they are usually the ones doing the hard dirty work out there. DUH...I get it now, unfortunately Unions don't always adjust their demands to the current situation...this makes them looks worse than they really are.',1
'He should be sued for having the lamest facial hair ever.',1
'BUT HIS POLICIES ARE!  Thats the real point.',1
'Sure adds new meaning to 'eating sh1t' doesnt it?',1
'was this based on a single incident? I missed that part in the article.',1
'Vampire Princess Esmerelda "From Dusk Till Dawn"  \r\nShe's hot!!',1
'I am right there with you folks. I have enough staples,  beans,rice,pasta, seasoning ect stored to last 2 people for a year. Major rivers by my house so I don't worry about water much( do keep the bleach though) I do store about 10gl just in case. 2 4x4 vehicles and a generator. I try to keep at least 20 gl of fuel for the generator and keep all 4 of my vehicles full of gas just in case. You can buy freeze dried food in buckets of 200 meals for about 125.00 and it will store for 25 years I have a couple of these also. None of this is really expensive if you buy it a small amount at a time. \r\n Oh yeah, if it ever really goes down guns and ammo never hurts.',1
'Why in the world would people spend money and time on this no brainer. I mean every one read the same same report, right? There not more to this like some one who hates electric cars, right?',1
'Yes, Yes, Yes!! I have quite a nice collection of boots, slippers and summer wedges and winter suede wedges. They are so comfy and cozy warm. I'd rather be warm with comfortable shoes and high fashion with uncomfortable shoes!',1
'Look at that little meatball; how could a girl not end up naked in bed with him nearby?!?!',1
'"Meep Meep ...." \r\n  \r\nThat was funny VoxPopulae.  Good post!',1
'The man shouldn't have done that, but your egging his house and car was vandalism which is against the law.  Also, egging a car or house could result in the owner having to have a whole new paint job done which can amount to a lot of money.',1
'What's that?, Gov. Romney said he was for it, before he was against it. Wher've I  heard that one before?',1
'For the record, I am the LAST person to see this trick. The other gut was second to last.  LMFAO!!! \r\n \r\n \r\n \r\n Stupid but funny :)',0
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker man! They met via [ seek add riders] it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other.  if you are interested in it, just check it out. ',0
'Life is so lonely .I am an interracial  and single woman at present .I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on~~~ mixedcenter.c⊙m ~~~under the name of Angle345 … a best place for interracial and friends to get to know each other, establish relationship and talk about their interests, or to help each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for.',0
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Hey Blonde, \r\n Since you're such a SAGE, I'd be interested in your take on the fact that ABC and CBS have both started OUTING Obama over the Benghazi Clusterphuk. \r\n Clearly the liberal media even realizes that if they continue to cover this up until after the election, what minuscule amount of cred that they have left, is toast! \r\n I guess it's probably "stupid" to bring this up too though. Right?',1
'Sure Crooks Always Endorse Crooks,  Rummys Got Dushbag Lindblob, Dorky Trumpy Chumpy.  All Who Hate Giving Up Their Precious Dollar that They Worship And Scamed out of others.    Ya, make the Lower Income People Pay The Taxes..  Cuz They Didn't Scam their Money Earned.  Ya, They Don't have the Money to Go Stash it In Other Countries.   They probably even have a Basement FULL of Stolen Groceries.   Ya Never Hear of Rich People being without Food.    Rummy is  Just like A Drug Dealer,  He Can Buy His Way Out Of Any Situation He Feels He Needs To.   Why If He Gets Into The White House Well Heck .  He Bought His Way In there, Ha, with Idiot Contributors Moneys.   King George would Be A Better Choice and He Was BAD.',1
'The strangest thing was from a drunk. My brother and i went to his house, did the trick or treat thing, then he poured a can of beer in my bag. No problem. Went home, got some hand soap, a dozen eggs, and you know the rest of the story. Went by his house the next day and listened to the cursing, and watched all the scrubbing on his house, and his car. Sometimes being nice on Halloween is a lot better than being mean to a kid................',1
'TOO CUTE - LOVE THEM ALL!',1
'I thought they were Mormons',1
'Tuesdays Gone - hope everything is ok, I know NY got hit pretty hard.  You'll be in my thoughts & prayers.',1
'Nice to see America isn't the only country with dumba$$ school administrators.',1
'Good job justice system........The kid must have looked like a 'trashian off spring with one of their bang-o-the week tree monkey',1
'I'm a cop in Colorado.  Let me clear up some things in this article that were either misstated or inaccurate. \r\n 1)  Police Officers/Troopers do NOT always have 100% discretion.  We have to log every stop on our daily activity log, or it is logged for us by the CAD system, and we have to note the outcome.  Often, we will be questioned as to why we stopped somebody going 65 mph in a 45 mph zone, for instance, and only gave them a warning. \r\n 2) Writing the speed on the ticket for less than the actual speed.  This is called a Courtesy Drop/Reduction.  As a police officer, you are responsible for telling the truth both on the ticket and in court.  When you write the ticket for less than the actual speed, and then have to go to court to testify, you have already tainted your testimony/case.  A smart lawyer will ask, "If you made a mistake on what what the speed was when you wrote the ticket, then surely there is a reasonable doubt that the charges are even accurate to begin with".  Or they will draw attention to the fact that you have already "lied" in writing the ticket. \r\n Also, it is against some department policies to issue Courtesy Drops.  Doing so, and getting caught, can result in your being fired. \r\n 3) "National Motorists Association ...spokesman John Bowman says not fighting a ticket is a mistake."  "Drivers will almost always come out ahead," he says, "either with a full dismissal or at least a lower penalty." \r\n Not true.  Most tickets today are Penalty Assessment tickets.  This means that if you pay the fine and keep it out of court, there is a reduction in points assessed against your license.  In Colorado, 20 mph over the limit is a 6 point charge.  This is reduced to 4 points if you pay the fine and don't go to court. \r\n If you go to court, and are found guilty, you will be assessed the 6 points.  The officer's opinion is strongly taken into consideration when the judge decides to issue any reduction in points.  If I have to show up in court to contest a ticket, I will recommend the full number of points.  That's the "deal" with a penalty assessment ticket. \r\n Also, many jurisdictions do not offer deferred adjudication.  Mine doesn't.  And, I don't lose many cases in court.  Only a couple over a 10 year period. \r\n 4) Finally, if a person confesses that they made a mistake and deserve whatever they get, I usually do not feel the need to write a ticket.  They are taking responsibility for their mistake, and this is the best sign that they will watch themselves in the future.  I have corrected the problem by voluntary compliance with the law on the part of the driver - the BEST way to make the roads safer. \r\n A person that blames the economy on using tickets to generate revenue, or who claims they were the victim of a "speed trap" (the NMA's favorite line) , or claims they didn't know how fast they were going, doesn't know the speed limit, but wasn't going faster than everyone else, is not taking responsibility for their driving. \r\n As Baretta used to say, "Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time".  The highway doesn't care if you knew the speed limit when you run off the road because you were going too fast. \r\n Speeding is a strict liability offense from a legal standpoint.  Take responsibility for your own actions.',0
'Why just atheists? Do you have a special place in your heart for them? What about the Muslims and Buddhists and Jews and "primitive" tribe religions?',1
'marc johnson is a true american maroon.',1
'I believe there is nothing wrong with a hug. I know why there are these rules,but it has nothing to do with 'hugging injuries'. If a person does not want a hug,just say so! If it is more than a hug,then you have a problem . I myself love hugs! I do not let everyone hug me. There are some people that I just do want touching me. This girl got suspended! What happened to the classmate that she hugged? Why don't schools go back to teaching education,and quit worrying about a hug!',1
'All bud products are piss water.  Coors is the same.  That stuff isn't beer people, it's sold to morons like you who identify with the people you see in commercials during a football game. \r\n\r\nAmerica doesn't have real domestic beer.  They have piss water and everyone in the world should know that.  Bud makes it's money not off of beer they make it off of over advertising.  \r\n\r\nHeineken is a real beer.  It tastes like beer and only uses premium products.  They don't over advertise because they don't need to, the product speaks for itself.  \r\n\r\nBudweiser is for dumb rednecks who would drink anything you put in front of them.',1
'****',1
'What can't you afford? Is he living in your basement? Does he raid the refrigerator?',1
'How fake loking can you get? Who is the trouble maker? Minaj or Carrey?',1
'but running it as a Muslim isnt?',1
'What on earth does this have to do with the topic at hand? Sometimes I hate how easy it is for random morons to communicate with the rest of society.',0
'I don't know what to think about the real pics but the photoshopped ones are funny. \r\nI almost forgot to mention -- I'd tap that.',1
'This is probably true...\r\nI hope every one has a chance to read this and BELIEVE in it.\r\nIt happens so often and no offense to NY and NJ, but it probably happens in other "non-important" states during floods, tornados, etc....but because it's NY and NJ it's a BIG story.\r\nIt needs to be.  Get rid of UNIONS once and for all....oh what...that would mean the COLLAPSE of the DUMOCRATIC party....the party of the UNIONS.\r\n \r\nDo UNION workers do a better job...I doubt it....\r\nbut hey, if they don't want nonunion help...I say....SCREW NY & NJ and every other state that denies ANY kind of help!!!',0
'Vote for me, so I can stick it to you another 4 years!',1
'I wouldn't. The camera  can capture any of us in an awkward moment. I was an elected official at one point in my life and in that nine years I was photographed drinking out of a two liter bottle of softdrink while sitting in my car, yawning, eyes closed, food falling out of my mouth, sneezing, going to the hardware store in my grubbies and straw in my hair. Oh yeah. Public life is fun.',1
'Is anyone else feeling the absence of Bob's usual pairing?  This might be bringing Sandy home harder for me than any media report, while revealing my own drug-like dependency on his recommendations -- an exaggeration, of course, but I'm wishing our purveyor and his Manhattan peeps the swiftest and surest recovery.  Someone recently (was it Michael Chabon?) paid particular attention to the nastiness of soaked cardboard record sleeves, and somehow they've turned into one of the emblems of this ordeal for me.',1
'This happened this past Wednesday, the 31st. The wife and yours truly, recently retired, brought back a Family Value Tradition, we went trick and treating. In these hard times, we just put on our everyday clothes, and went to have some fun. We went as a couple of "F.O.P.S". We had good intentions, until I knocked on the first door. When a younger lady who answered the door, and asked what we were dressed up as. The wife replied, " We are F.O.P.S." She remarked, "What?" Then I replied, "F.O.P.S", dear lady, "Flinging Old People" She slapped me. The moral of the story, that we went to Wal-Mart brought candy, and the "F.O.P.S." are no more.',1
'Stric, sure think you can do better at anyplace that has a sign out front...Welcome Bikers.\r\nWe have a few of them around here....RIDE ON.',1
'SANDY IS OBAMAS KATRINA AND AFTER HE GOES TO JERSEY TO GET HIS PHOTO OPT HE'S RIGHT BACK ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL. INSTEAD OF TOURING ALL THE STATES HE MADE SURE TO HIT THE ONE WITH THE REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR BUT IN TRUE OBAMA FASHION HE DIDN'T DO **** EXCEPT GIVE HIS ANSWER TO EVERY QUESTION HE'S ASKED WE WILL LOOK INTO THIS AND GET THINGS DONE SAME SPEECH SAME **** FLOWS FROM HIS MOUTH EVERY TIME HE OPENS IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  5 MORE DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!',1
'call it what you want but that was not counrty! its was the pop awards, the old saying comes to mind! DONT PISS DOWN MY BACK & CALL IT RAIN! CMA no! POP yes!',1
'Ah-ha! I see I wrote RT but I meant to type RTP. So many stalkers so little time. Yeah RTP is a creepy creepy little man. I always loved how he likes to use names and how he never wants anyone to forget MP. It was great when he would post under both of the characters and fight with himself. You could tell he just had everything written down and would cut and paste from a log he kept. I really do believe he has lured people to his home before. If you googled the address he kept posting it sticks out. It has red steps that lead to a red door. Can you say Gate's of Hell!',1
'Obama Phone',1
'ha ha, alot you know.',1
'Hey, the only one of the above that applies to me is single mom, jeez is that the preception you have of all single moms? If you saw me on the street I assume you would think I was taken, thank god!!!',1
'More & More people are finally getting\r\nthe picture of this Failing Nobama',1
'Is that a Kardashian ?',1
'There should be additional fines for FRAUDULENT ADVERTISING! Who knows how many sales were lost by competitors as a result of this FRAUDULENT ADVERTISING!',1
'Any car submerged in salt water should burn!',1
'A few bystanders should have disarmed the joker and stuck the piece up his a** while waiting on the law. I remember the same back home in Brooklyn back in the seventies. No respect what so ever.',1
'I miss my dog.  He loved Begg'n strips.  He'd take it and run under the table to eat it.  I guess he was afraid somone would take it away from him, but we never did.  My other dog preferred Snausages.',1
'Of course he is for gay marriage...its Hollywood. If he were speak against it, ticket sales to his movies would go down. That place would make anyone give up their beliefs.',1
'No, "Stylish" ugly things don't trick me into buying in.',1
'GET A DOG and take it outside. Your kid isn't cute, it probably hates you and it has made you it's b!tch. You feed it, house it, pay for it, pick up it's sh!t and it still only comes around when it wants something.',1
'I have a pair and love them!  Perfect for shoveling snow in the Midwest ~~ both my husband and I grab them for this chore!  I paid $99 and have had mine for several years.  I will definitely get another pair when they lower the prices!!!',1
'so she's a porn star?  What will you tell us next?',1
'Niggling?  Lowering the voting age had been knocked around since the '50's.  Some states even did.  Gee, YGTBJ - a little history and a few facts never hurt anyone.',1
'I don't care whom I marry as long as I love that person...as soon as anyone starts bringing other variables into relationship equation everything fails sooner or later...no matter how much money one or the other side makes...',1
'They are paid below minimum wage, if anything, with no benefits and no right to a safe working environment. Shame on  you.',1
'Osama isn't black... He's mixed....He just has more negro in him than white.... It  isn't his race that has divided the country.....He passes out money as though it was candy because his philosophy is that he could just print somemore.....There is no neck and neck when it concerns Osama and Romney...The only thing that matters when voting are the electorals...Romney has more electoral votes than Osama.... He is projected to win the presidency... Romney/Ryan 2012',0
'To overcome BO, we need extra strength Right Guard.   \r\nWhy no picture ID?  That would stop too many of the illegal votes for BO.  \r\n Hit Romney and get BO, that's NO COINCIDENCE. \r\nTHEY ARE CROOKS JUST LIKE CROOK COUNTY ILLINOIS.',1
'shes more likely an illegal, and shouldnt be able to collect. here in Texas majority of lottery players are illegals.  if you read the rules, it does say for U S citizens. but who inforces laws and rules on illegals. the local, state, and federal government are afraid to inforce the laws and rules on illegals. this country has become a bunch of weaklings.',0
'Either one, that's a cool cat !',1
'She's a pig, and so is the rest of the family..... who cares what the little tramp does.\r\n \r\nStop giving her so much coverage, then she will go away finally.',1
'Someone should combine this one with the Binders Full of Women meme.',1
'As I recall you asked for a better troll or something along those lines so I was just doing as you asked, now you're full on mad so I'll back off. As for you Maggie....did you read my response on the hedgehog thor article?',1
'Oh krap, if a cartoon endorses Romney, us Dems are in big trouble (note sarcasm).',1
'What most do not realize is that waiters and waitresses ARE making minimum wage.  The employers are required by law to make up the difference in pay if they do not meet the minimum wage when their tips are included. Ii know this because I do payroll.  If your empoyer is not paying you accordingly, turn them in.  As for tipping, nobody tips me for doing my job.  Wait staff make the choice to do that for a living.  They know tips are NOT mandatory and if they expect a tip, they better give good service.  I do agree in this case, that if you are spending 140.00 on a meal, don't complain that you can't tip because of your single status.',1
'CBS reports on Mitt Romney. You will have to wait for the short commercial at the beginning of the clip.\r\n \r\n Click on the link below and get the first glimpse of a change in the thinking of the CBS News team on an opponent of Barack Obama.',1
'I don't worry about sea creatures, just my dive gear malfunctioning. Being underwater and seeing what's around takes away my fear. Sharks are my favorite animal and I've never had a problem diving with them,  but I do give them their space. Running into an irukandji or box jellyfish would definitely suck though. I'm glad this surfer doesn't resent the shark.',1
'WOW enuff said ......',1
'And, although Toby Keith won just his third award in 27 tries, he didn't even get to claim it on TV. (He won for video, one of three categories not televised.)\r\n \r\nToby Keith didn't care about "claiming it on TV" he wasn't even there so no biggie! He don't need that TV exposure. That's the way to do it big guy! :)',1
'"No matter what happens, I'll still be rich and you will still be poor."\r\n\r\n---Obama',1
'I've been married for 18 years and we don't split anything We put all of our money in one account and we spend what we want to spend wisely and we communicate about it. We treat each other equally. We don't live a divided life because we are ONE family. We don't compete with each other. We accept each ther as we are. As a result, we are happy and still going strong.',1
'if by golfing and drinking beer you mean working....',0
'I think its a cute picture.  Who knows who hes talking to and what hes talking about! Come on folks, why do we have to judge everything, is the pic worth it? Lets get a life.',1
'I think we are eating 55 year old whoppers here in Bagram Afghanistan!!!',1
'Mitt Romney is dangerous.  Our country will definitely be in even more trouble if that man is put into office.  Obama has had ONE TERM to fix all the damage done to our country, and because NO HUMAN BEING could do that, he's looked upon with scorn.  Give the man a chance and some support!  He is human and deserves respect.',1
'Ez Ofrez: \r\nActually Obummer did bow to Saudi King Abdullah on April 2, 2009.  Better fact-check your messiah.  You've been drinking too much koolaid.',1
'Bad Hyundai...... Bad Kia',1
'I'm a dork!  Please don't vote for me.',1
'maybe you should look up the definition of extortion, o wait i did it for you.\r\n \r\nExtortion (also called blackmail, shakedown, outwresting, and exaction) is a of obtaining money, property, or services from a person, entity, or institution, through  coercion or violence.\r\n \r\nJas you are an idiot.  Stop making excuses for this fool.',1
'I am so going with you on this.  Handwriting analysis can tell you so much.  Also I really think it looks more like a man’s handwriting than a woman’s.',1
'I could offer a good caption if I knew EXACTLY where Monica Lewinsky was when this picture was taken.',0
'As soon as the media stops reporting on her (and that can't be soon enough) another sex tape will surface in an attempt to revive her "career".',1
'Hey RTP/MP & RTN - Isn't there a church basement waiting to start their victim's meeting? MSN has begun to cooperate. And guess what - when the higher powers get involved you won't know it until the battering-ram strikes your front door. So please don't stop - keep stalking. IA is very good at what they do. It's all a matter of paperwork and going by the book.',1
'FYI to all the idiots that think highway MPG should be the same at any highway speed thats not how it works.  The faster you drive and the more you accelerate and hard acceleration especially the worse your gas mileage.  If you floor it from stop light to stop light first off youre just an idiot, but think about how much gas you are wasting just sitting there at the light (THUS THE E-ASSIST FEATURE ON GM VEHICLES SHUTTING THE CAR OFF WHILE YOU SIT AT LIGHTS.)  But the faster you drive the worse your gas mileage.  Your best gas mileage will come between 55 mph and 64 mph.  The EPS rates the highway at 65 mph.',1
'I'm just waiting for him to beat Rihanna again.  You know it's coming doncha?',1
'I cant wait till Obama shows up at the job where I work.....I'd be sporting the same look!!!........ Eeeehehehehehe..... Wait? Whats that??? Obama wouldn't show up at my job because he's too busy playing golf or remembering how he's going to prolong hope and change!!!! I resent that!!!!! How dare you talk about our president that way.....He's also practicing on how to be our next Hitler.....Eeeeehehe  ​ hehehehe....',0
'Where's that guy who was going to oven bake women?\r\nNow's  the time!',1
'Loser',1
'There is a reason Budweiser used to be America's favorite beer, it used to taste good. Now it's like watered down piss. All the company cares about anymore is making low quality cheaper product and making big profits and the end result shows. Anheuser-Busch and Budweiser are the McDonalds of beer. There are dozens of other better beers out there, since I live in PA, i will stick with Yuengling, tastes better and cheaper.',1
'test',1
'?',1
'Waiting for Trump to make a life changing announcement of where the Turtles were actually born?',1
'Those people don't care about the USA or have any respect for us. They defile out national flag all the time, and burn it any chance they get. THey hate us with a passion. So I a treally suprised that all the people that comment about a costume for halloween by Chris Browne could rile them up full of hatred for this young man. The racist left wing defile our Presidents image and good name every day, and I don't hear you guys screaming. We have a national crisis in NY, NJ, and Conn right now the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, and all you could think of is Chris Brown halloween costume. Get a life people.',1
'Faith Hill shot herself in the foot several years ago when she dissed Carrie Underwood. Country music fans don't forget things like that. I never did think that Faith or Tim truly sang country. They wanted to go forward in the pop world and filmdom.  So let them go--don't come back to country begging for another chance.',1
'Forlov, the average person is too ignorant to know the difference.',1
'I can't image how they feel. I've been through several hurricanes but have always been very lucky. My prayers are with them that everything gets fixed quickly and they can put their lives back together.',1
'NOW this is a bunch of crap---TIME to TROMP the UNIONS back in to control----ACE a PEPCO copany---HUMM WONDER what they sell that WE can BOYCOTT!',1
'I have several pairs, and yes a lot of them are ugly but they are very, very, warm and comfortable. They last forever even if they start looking raggedy. I have never had a pair of boots that last or even feel this comfortable. One thing I would recommend is for UGG to come down on their prices, hello things are hard enough with the way things are. Good Luck UGG',1
'In my post from yesterday, I explained that the Dow had made a 47% retracement, well today it extended the retracement to 50%, on the nose, and turned around and fell, initiating the first day of Wave 5 downward (-174 points, Mini Dec Daily Chart).  The projected target is the 12,700-12,500 area.  The Dow is in a classic Elliott Wave formation performing to a T,  and Wave 5 is the final leg. Expect Monday to retrace upward somewhat because of the large drop, but it will eventually fall again. \r\n  \r\nCrude Oil remains a SELL; the front month, Dec Daily Chart fell 2.28 today as I pointed out in an earlier post.',1
'Still biased MSN??? Give up the fight already.... Everyone knows that Romney is projected to win. Try and put your lips on someone else for once...Twitter is exploding with graphs and charts through every media source available and all have Romney in the lead.... Loser FREAK!!!! MSN',0
'I've worn Ugg's for years, not because they are "pretty" but because they are needed. Expensive a little bit, but you would go through 20 cheap boots compared to how long Ugg's last not to mention keep your toes warm......',1
'Alexander -- I promise to learn how to read...if you promise to learn how to write.  Well.',0
'In a press release, Decatur said it waited for "clarification" of documents from the IBEW "that implied a requirement of our employees to agree to union affiliation" while working in New York and New Jersey.\r\n\r\n"As we waited for clarification, we became aware that Seaside Heights received the assistance they needed from other sources," the statement says. "To be clear, at no time were our crews 'turned away' from the utility in Seaside Heights."\r\n\r\n---"we became aware that Seaside Heights received the assistance they needed from other sources"...UNION AFFILIATED SOURCES I am sure!',1
'I didn't see the # of gasoline cars that blew up, since there were about 100 million to 1 ratio. \r\n\r\nBTW, Al Gore, heavily invested in this government handout corporation!',1
'American products aren't made by illegal aliens! The middle class is the biggest group that bitches about immigrants and illegals but they are the BIGGEST employer of them.  They are your nanny, housekeeper, landscaper, roofer, home fix it etc....they aren't waltzing in corporations and getting jobs!!  If you want illegals out then tell the middle class to STOP friggin hiring them, they won't come if there are no jobs!!',1
'Red should be the color for the modern democratic party.',1
'Yes, they should cancel the marathon. This hotel owner is a hero, any owner, or manager, that would kick people out of a hotel room after this kind of devastation should have their photos run on the front page of the New York Times.',1
'This case should have been thrown out of court.  What can you expect from a misogynistic society like China's.  His wife wasn't hideous before, but she is beautiful now.  Her husband is no raving beauty and what can you tell about how the child will eventually look just from looking at a newborn infant.  Just plain silly!',1
'Huh? Appraising the White House? This is useful to us all. What a D-BAG.',1
'WHATS THE BIG DEAL YA BUNCH OF CRY BABIES',1
'welcome to the Controlled States of America!',1
'Forget all that! If only Johnny Cash were still alive! A TRUE legend. They should at least change the name to ACMA (Alternative Country Music Awards).',1
'the question is..which would taste the best wrapped in bacon and grilled?',0
'Clearly Someone is not to bright.  When and where did Romney say this? If you are going point out to the world you are ignorant, at least say something funny.',1
'I love snotty little judgemental kids.',1
'Not all flood-damaged cars are pariahs. You can still get a quality car if it has been cleaned and restored properly. That process includes removing the vehicle's interior, including seats; removing the carpet padding and replacing it; disinfecting the car; changing the seat foam and shampooing the carpet; greasing all electrical connections; and replacing any corroded wires or components.  End quote. \r\n  \r\nNo mention is made of water intrusion into the myriad of electrical components such as computers, window and seat motors, air bag sensors, etc. These failures will show up sooner or later, good luck staying ahead of the repairs. \r\n  \r\nIf you have any indiacation of water intrusion as high as the seats, walk, no, RUN away from the deal.',1
'I always have a hard time reading your "reviews" of country music awards shows, Mr. Barnes.  It is blatantly obvious that you dislike country music and consider it beneath you.  Like ALL music, including hip-hop, jazz, pop, and rock, it has a cultural relevance and a history, regardless of your opinion, and should be treated with respect.  Great country music is about storytelling, not just about dogs, pick-ups, trains, whiskey, and 'Mama'.  And, by the way, pop, rock, hip-hop, and the like have ALL produced musical drivel as well which has become popular, but you wouldn't want those musical paragons to be judged by works like "Gangnam Style," would you?',1
'It's not that we can't go in it, it's that that is the sharks home, that is where they live. So when you go in the water, they are going to be there. I don't think anyone is saying that we can't go in there, they are just saying that there are risks. Is that explanation dumbed down enough for you to comprehend?',1
'This is crazy, punishing a young girl just for hugging another child.  There is no call for this, just down out wrong. What's the next step you can't hug your brother's or sister's how about your mother or dad your grandparents.  Get over it !!',1
'I am a responsible pet owner, and I do not have children (nor do I plan to).  I have interacted my pets around people, so they are accustomed to them.  95% of the time, a mauling occurs from pets whose owners have no business owning an animal.  You are obviously missing the point, over, and over, again.  The dog JUMPED not attacked.  And quarantine was needed because of an overdue rabies shot - it is PROCEDURE.  Please don't EVER own a pet, you obviously have no right to do so.   Keep stating things like you would have "killed it yourself" or "break it's neck", there is a right way and a wrong way of voicing an opinion.  Maybe if you would have done so in a more appropriate manor this wouldn't be such as issue.  You have 44 people who thumbed you down, and 4 who thumbed you up...retrospect?',1
'The so-called country music awards, were a joke. This is not country, its pop, and rock and roll.\r\nWhere are the true country singers out there, they sure weren't at the awards show.',1
'Charley...you are nothing more than a puppet.  You should be ashamed and embarrassed of this type of reporting which is nothing but lies and manipulated data.',0
'down with apple!!!',1
'I'll bet a lot of the "thumbs ups" here are the right wing nutjobs who didn't bother to read past the "replace Obama" comment!\r\nNorquist is right- Romney is another puppet., just like Bush was.',1
'good point.',1
'Oh yeah, "real Pup1" if overweight girls with acne that have to pay for dates are the only ones who care about this, then why did you probably watch the video & comment on it? That doesn't make much sense. If you don't care about it, why did you waste your time even commenting on the clip?',0
'Lochte is a horrible actor.\r\n \r\n-J Brown, Kareem & Shaq',1
'Alot of people get weed for christmas lol, I could vouch.',1
'Another Liberal Thinker',1
'In 1988, I worked all over the USA with General Mills, Red Lobster and Olive Garden.\r\nThe only place we had a problem with the union was in NJ.\r\nWe istalled floors, at night, the surface needeed to be swept, prior.\r\nUnion workers worked from 7 a.m to 4.30, with 4 breaks?\r\nWe got to the site at 5pm, no clean surface, so we swept the floors our self.\r\nThe union was outside filming us and said that we took jobs away from the union workers.\r\nThey shot down the site for 3 days to figure out who should have swept the floor.\r\nIt cost General Mills over $75,000 , \r\nThe union is not needed anymore, except for the mob and the politicians that are running it.',1
'I just smoked some goooooooood sheot! I'm calling to get more.',1
'Marriage has never been for love.  It's for breeding children.  If you don't want kids, then don't get married.',1
'YEAH  EMPTY ,,,,,DO MY HOME WORK \r\n SOURCE PLEASE \r\n PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY ?????   NO,,,,,,,,,I AM AN OBAMA VOTER \r\n BARRY WILL TAKE CARE OF ME FOR MY VOTE !!!!!   LOL',0
'Why does everyone feel the need to use the word "ain't"?  That puzzles me.',1
'It's China, they pull this kind of nonsense and then wonder why they are not as well liked as other Asian countries.  Not too much reality penetrating their thick skulls.',1
'Thumbs up to the hotel owner. I personally think they should put the race on the back burner for now. Let people try to get back on their feet first. Everything is a big jumble between people trying to find shelter to people needing gas. The last thing they need right now is thousands of runners in a race. Don't kick the beehive any more. My heart goes out to everyone displaced by the storm.',1
'This man can't give a good speech even if he tried!! Pathetic!!',1
'Yaaaaawn',1
'W.N.N.R. - go ahead and call us idiots - you'll be the one wearing that badge after election day!',1
'For women, its patience, for men, its deafness.',1
'Oh, thank goodness!  Those boots would never be allowed near my Royal Doulton with the hand painted periwinkles!  Strictly beaker ware...or would that be, wear?',1
'Ridiculous to call it American Idol when it has only produced two stars (Clarkson, Underwood) after all these seasons.  The format is stale.  My guess is that it gets the ax after this season.',1
'UMMM, maybe back decades ago, unions hurt the american work force far more then they help now. Unions are part of the problem, no longer part of the solution.',1
'Hell Yeah!!!!!',0
'Yes, and I feel so dirty! {whatever}',0
'What happen to the "Country Music" I grew up with? Seriously the country singers today had to have had an up bringing of Country Music to be singing it and would think they know the true meaning of "Country Music" not this Jambo-Bambo Music that is going on in today's Country World. It must be a new world order from the writers in Country. Boo to you in your judgement of Country Music. Brad Paisely i believe still understands Country music due to the fact of his close friend Little Jimmy Dickens.',1
'at least she has a nice ****',1
'I'm not a wh*re.  And I"ll gladly stay single, keep my own money all to myself, and let male creeps like you starve homeless in the streets.',1
'"Poop girl."',1
'HEY BABE, I GOTTA LET YOU GO,  IT'S NAP TIME!',1
'You forgot to include the devil Cheney!',1
'Silly Moment :D',1
'C'mon Jeffy..... Ryan is the man for that job. \r\nRyan would make your brown eye blue..',1
'Y? Explain to me y she and her husband r all those things? R u saying that because others r sad and depressed after a disaster that she shud be too? After something bad happens, it's best to do something fun to help deal with it. The entire world pouting doesn't make the pain go away. So let the woman have her 15 minutes.',1
'I wouldn't have been there and I would be taking all the money I could get and move on. However, she might be smarter to stay...I just couldn't do it. Thanks for the reply!!!',1
'By the look of this place it doesn't look like people get any wiser with age.',1
'Oh... the "God" thing.  I don't think we'll agree on that one either so I'll politely bid you a good night.  Happy posting Dan. :-)',1
'If the "tip" is automatically added to the bill, then you can bet that I have a "chat" with the manager when service is poor, or when the food is poorly prepared.  (Such tips are usually split among all of the employees, so bad cooking is as insulting as bad service.)',1
'there just trying to say that if you were a smart child under 16 years old...you will drink more when you grow up...not that drinking now that you are an adult gets you smarter..no read again!!!',1
'How did that old saying go? The wise man builds his house on the rock and the fool builds his on the sand.\r\n \r\nThe current solar cycle we are in is about to peak, as it was predicted back in the 1920-30s by the scientists of the day. So yes, global warming IS real. We flush our collective toilets into our water supply. We dump tons of toxins into the air, water and ground. We make and bury mountains of cheap crap that isn't designed to last, for the sake of "convenience", and to have the latest and greatest gazmos and gidgets. This is not good at all. But this really has little bearing on global warming. Because it's this man-made part that's completely bogus. Case in point is the fact that the temperatures on Mars are rising at a similar rate, yet to the best of my knowledge, there aren't any SUVs and coal fired power plants there. So, yeah. Lets clean up the place and find cleaner methods of providing the things and such that we need, and want. But lets not be stupid about it. And lets quit being a bunch of dumb@ss sheep... ~_o',1
'omg idk if i should laugh at this lmao but its to funnyyy!1',1
'And anybody who spends their time talking sh*t to a woman is a b*tch. Plain and simple. K hon? Now wait 3 hours until you think I am gone to respond like the b*tch we both know you are...    ;)',1
'Just trying to help some of you understand what we can gain in Obama being our leader ..I want to be able to take my son when he is at legal age of course to his first clubbing. At a good Clean place . And OBAMA is open minded he is give us all our rights not just some and i can see the day coming if we keep OBAMA in office where this can happen ... There will be no one Judging him. I can't wait to see my son face light up when i take him to the best strip club in 200 miles . The Lumberyard club .Where real men go for wood ...He likes 2 more years to be at age .But i can picture his face when he catches his first pair of mens mesh thongs in his mouth... And not have to leave and be ashamed of it . We don't need ROMNEY putting us back in the stone age',1
'What a beautiful singing voice he had.',1
'Wow! I already did all that stuff to get a good nights sleep. Worked well for me for many years until I got tinnitus. A high pitched squeal in both ears 24/7. What do you suggest I do for that? I am already doing sound therapy so don't suggest it.%0D%0DWaste of time to view something I already knew. Where did you get that doc? Surely you could have found someone the average person could understand.',0
'Best things were WIllie, and the Andy Griffith song.',1
'Opps, that was over-privileged (damn spell checker!) spoiled arrogant sociopath also works.',1
'Probably ,I'll never have to work again, when I divorce him I get half his stuff, what will my other boy friends think when they find out i'm married. etc. etc.',1
'That's wonderful! Kiss your husband for the rest of us as a thank you for being such a great example of a committed partner!',1
'Love it ;o)',1
'May as well....they don't mind discriminating against the other 99% of the nation.',1
'Perhaps it has come time for the unions to go away.  They are much to big for their britches.',1
'Sure, create more laws, or allow the system to work in a way that makes it harder for the average person to make it, enjoy life, and get ahead, or use their own ambition! As well as working it in a way that doesn't allow our kids to grow up any faster or become less independent, great idea! ( I am being sarcastic) Not to mention being allowed to do things in life that make you tougher and build character, i.e. being allowed to walk to a nearby gas station if your car runs out of gas along the highway if you chose to, instead of having to rely apon some AAA service, or calling up a friend and having to wait for him to have to take time out of his day to come to your rescue over that type of thing (nothing wrong with doing those things, but still). Sure, all, or many of the listed things that you could get your license suspended for aren't good behaviors, or the smartest thing to be doing, but is just adding more laws to try to fix every little thing to the point to where it makes us stupid and too reliant apon laws and government, and not enough apon our own common-sense and moral judgment, they way to go about it?',1
'I was working in 05 at Kesser pulling cable out and putting cable back seen atleast 1000 utility contractors both sides but who got power up and running in two casinos before the un-union the \r\nElectrical worker we worked 16/18/some worked 20 hours we got it done, this was Katina and bottom line is this we did what had to be done in a timely mmanner and we did it you know we all of the blue blood and we all label each other about stupid names like NOB/SCAB (yes I am born again CHRISTAIN) all you are doing hurting your faith and your way for blessing ask yourself why we don't have work - search your heart faithfully and the answer is there',1
'TWIT said;  "Endeavor,  The Romney Retirement Program for Poor Seniors is the     "Soylent Green Program" "\r\n  \r\n  Moron Wrote:  TWIT's program.......... Welfare, Retirement at Birth.........======  ​ ==========     Moron I didn't realize This is what I think was running for office. What other program does he plan on offering?',1
'Nope',1
'there is no country music long gone there is no music period',1
'An incredulous question,\r\nI can hardly even believe that the person or persons who asked the question that was posted for this article is an actual resident of planet Earth. Some of the remarks below are real classics... and I commend my fellow blogmates for their very entertaining thoughts. I love this place ...   :-)\r\n \r\nPeace to all ~',1
'I switched it. Im not on here to gain positive or negative attention from a picture. Thanks Oregon!',1
'A few years from now when all the workers rights are abolished and there is no minimum wage you all we be asking "wow what happened to the unions"?  Workering class doesnt seem to realize that capitalism is not free enterprise but ideal that is strangeling workers.  When wages in the U.S. are the same as Chinas, then we will start bringing jobs back where they belong.  Making a good lioving is not good enough for these money mongels, they have to steal and rob the workers who made this great country.  Lets face it, the working class can get along very well without the rich capitalist, but the capitalist couldn't survive 1 day without workers-think about it.',1
'This day and age schools are a freakin' joke...they are so concerned with nothing instead of giving kids a quality education... My 5 year son spent have the day in the office for leaning over a little girls lap to reach a crayon...I receive a phone call at work from his Principal to tell me why was he out of class. I asked her did she think he had underline intentions (making a pass, startin foreplay, or about to commit rape). She pass the phone to his teacher and left her hanging to answer the question...because she knew it was screwed up....NO TOUCHING!!! \r\n  \r\nSOUNDS LIKE KISD IN TEXAS!!!!',1
'Frankly, NYC looked pretty trashy before Sandy came through.  Shooting fashion shots amongst the rubble has a certain artsie flair.  It shows that you can live in a cesspool and still look good doing it.  It's refreshing to see something other than bag ladies and firemen among the fallen timbers in NYC.',1
'I can't figure out the reasoningbehind a person's need to have naked pictures of themselves on their phone. Why would anyone do this? And if someone stupidly chooses to do this they should not be surprised when someone see them. People should realize you have NO guarantee of privacy when it comes to technology. The boys shouldn't have done what they did but she was stupid for thinking no one would look at her pics. She should be glad they didn't put them on the internet.',1
'They are comfortable but not worth the price tag',1
'tdg: that was 2004. In 2004 I hated mushrooms and thought Britney Spears was a good catch. That being said, he is a politician, and politicians will generally support whatever it is that will get them over the line. And....Uzi's are crap, except for the .45's, and they are inaccurate.',1
'Don't be like me: obnoxious.',1
'I would go to the nearest lawyer's office & file a suit against everybody involved after verbally ripping them apart.  Some people shouldn't be allowed to take up time, space & other people's oxygen. \r\n  \r\nRest in peace Zion',1
'The truth has become a  very rare and precious commodity in our society today.',1
'here  it goes again,,, ccccchhilllld  llaaaaaborr......  noone should be deprived from earrnning some $'s not even children.',1
'Love Unions! You can either be a no name human resource working "at will" with-out a contract or you can have a contractual agreement with a labor representative to back up that contract.  Contract is the key, which is why so many mortgage holders have been able to kick American home-owners to curb, literally. Through-out this most recent econmic down-turn, which class of workers do you think sucked up all your conservative tax dollars at the un-emplyment line, at-will or Union? Who do you think has been at the forefront of not moving your at-will jobs out of this country?',1
'Cheap a$$.  Have a chat wiith the manager instead.',1
'Hate to say it.. but there are lots of people out there who think that humans are the only animals that count. So they dont give a rats behined about a dog, or cat. This kind of stuff happens all the time way too often. The only reason this is being reported is to bring your emotions about. \r\n \r\nI have been to local shelter to adopt my two lil buds. I can tell you that the most, not all, but most of the workers there just do their job and dont worry about how it gets done. No pride or love of ones work means your going to make a mistake, and in these cases its the life of an animal that pays the price for their mistake. \r\n \r\nChange procedures in the shelters that kill. Donate to no kill shelters so they can take more animals.',1
'Unions! What a farce. I had to join a Union when I was at my last job, or I didn't get the job. That was so embarrassing for me, I felt like a peon for belonging to it.',1
'im in a union',1
'When I was a kid I loved to watch O.J. Simpson and I thought what a nice guy and a great athlete he was.  However, when you actually get to know some of these folks you find out what complete evil losers and idiots they are.  Brad seems to fit this loser category, he seems great in movies and then you learn that he goes against God and Jesus Christ and tries to get people to participate in evil sin, him and his whore wife!!!',1
'75% of what is reported by the media is tripe.\r\nIt isn't just MSN, although they are rather good at it.',1
'Meh, I'd do her.  Tasteless photo's, sure, but I'll bet she has other assets that are plenty tasty.',1
'I went off on this bitch for the $hit she said on the waitress article, the reply she sent to a woman who made a post...and believe me, I'm not the only one who went off on her. Motherphuck that trash, and you too for sticking your nose where it doesn't belong a$$hole',1
'Dont worry hon, hes gone anyway.',1
'No... I believe the earth is going through an ever changing climate cycle that's been going on for eons. Al Bore's global warming is nothing more than a hoax... and Bloomberg's tailgating on Bore's mental deficiencies and money grabbing scare tactics do not change that opinion. \r\n\r\nHey Bloomberg -  IT'S THE NATURE OF THE EARTH TO GO THROUGH TEMPERATURE CHANGES... just as God created - STUPID!',0
'I wish this little girl would have been the moderator for the debates.',1
'Still better than the alternative.  Whats the matter....prefer welfare, queenie?',1
'IronMike said; "By the way, Romney's claim that he will create 12 million new jobs is beyond far-fetched. Presidents cannot do that, unless the White House staff is going to get a lot bigger!"\r\n \r\n Not NEARLY as ASININE as Obama's claim that "YOU DIDN'T BUILD THAT" \r\n Game, Set, and MATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!        5 days until "The Fall of Obama"',0
'Beck's used to be my upscale beer when I had a few extra bucks in my pocket.  I bought it recently and noticed the difference.  I didn't think about it again until I read this article.  My favorite German beer brewed in St. Louis, and owned by Bud?  That's how Miller ruined Lowenbrau a couple of decades ago.  Back to Yuengling for me...',1
'So what part of Nap Town's original comment do you have a problem with?',1
'Psyched out,  I know at least part of the story.  Not being able to pay interest on the national debt by 2014 was given to me by a senior U.S. senator.  Yes, Bush Jr's  lax administration allowed the investment bankers on Wall Street, the rating agencies, the insurance companies and the major mortgage bankers to collude and put us into this mess.   The country was in an economic depression when Obama was elected and still is.  After the fiscal cliff in 2013, I expect the unemployment numbers to match those of the Great Depression of 25%.  Of course, they won't report the real numbers.  The IMF has already told us the GDP will decrease about 3% if the Fiscal Cliff takes place.  Romney says he won't allow the Fiscal Cliff to take place; I have not heard Obama comment otherwise.  Obama's philosophy of growth is to allow the Fed to do what they want and hope that will work.  Too passive for me.  Obama's foreign policy is too timid as well.  Iran now has enough enriched uranium to make 4 to 6 atomic weapons.  We should have knocked out their capability 4 years ago.',0
'Vote Romney:  Do not renege now.',1
'OHH Did I say Trust . What about trusting each other. My wife saying is I got your back, I reply I got your too. 40 years   married @ 17 + 7 month',1
'In a state of Emergency this should not happen, Honestly, the Military has electrical personnel. send them in also. Let the union workers tell the military they cant go in and do the work, If there has ever been a case of Union Greed. this is it. The union shoud face fines for turning away workers in a national emergency.',1
'I sure can as he is as irrelevant.  They all need to be flushed down the toilet.',1
'Number nine was the best.',1
'read the article - it was all a republican lie - they will do anything to win!!!!',1
'What all this has to do with Country Music?..............  ​ ............ Nothing anymore!!!!!\r\nI am waiting for the FIRST Country Rapper .\r\nWhere are you , Reba,Dolly,George,..  ​ etc etc.\r\nThanks God for Blake, Toby and Co. at least they keep Country Music  a little bit alive.\r\nDon't take me wrong I like almost every kind of Music, but everyone should stay in his\r\nown catergory.\r\nPLEASE DON'T MESS UP THE COUNTRY MUSIC ANY LONGER',0
'If I was that kids parents, I'd tell that stuffy bitch principal to step off & kiss my @ss.My kid AIN'T gonna serve the detention & if you got a problem, COME SEE ME after school & we'll settle the issue in about a minute and a half........',1
'Giuliana, you have no right judging someone else.  Judging others about pregnant at 16, I think you are jealous.  \r\nAlot of those 16 years give there kids up for adoption. Other could judge you.  Your husband makes good money.  If you have a child you should stay home and care for him.  But I'm sure you have a nanny taking care of him so you can return to work .',1
'Stuff that union pole right up there where the union sun don't shine!',1
'Cocaine in chicken is illegal in Nigeria, Arsenic in chicken is legal in the USA.',1
'Hey Chris, can you count to 5? If you can, you just counted to your I.Q.',1
'I think Minaj looks like a man. and in her video where shes on the beach? (vomit) hail damage galore and nasty legs and thighs, even KFC wouldnt serve those legs and thighs, uh-et!',1
'I'm contemplating wrapping myself up in tin foil and going as a suppository.',0
'These are too funny; made me laugh out loud.  I can't come up with anything better.',1
'Ahahaha that's what you get for supporing another coutry's economy/companies. And before you jump up and say that they manufacture some in the SOuth, i'll go ahead and ask THOSE workers...How are those wages working out for ya'?  I was incredibly surprised when i traveled to Japan to see BAKERIES give $500 credit to owners of new Toyota or Honda cars there. But why would we do that here? WE live by the capitalism and we'll die by it...well regular folk anyway. Those with enough money to buy lots of lobbists they'll get funded, ie banks and insurance comapnies. Oh well, we can always go to Walmart to buy some cheap chatchy outfit and keep the boats from China humming down.',1
'I saw Nazareth in 1988 at a now-defunct rock venue called the Back Room. Went to the can during intermission, and some dude in there was handing out free lines of coke. I partook.',0
'some cops a real A holes no matter what',1
'how about.....Aye Aye Aye Phone  :)',1
'Way to go, Mr. Thompson!!',1
'Is there anything else?',1
'I liked that song from the Turtles!',1
'They burned because those specifc batteries have devistating reactions to water, especially if they are submurged. Obviously they can get wet but prolonged contact with large amounts of water causes a chemical reaction that is compairable to the force of a shot gun blast. We use similar batteries in my line of work and most companies wont even ship them.',1
'Garry and (L)user ...you two sound like a perfect match....in my world, you would be allowed to be married to each other.',1
'Gustavo Urinal...get off your momma's couch, put down the 6-foot party sub and GET A JOB, you freeloading, welfare dependent, lazy, apathetic LIBTARD. The gravy train ENDS Nov. 7th. Man up. We are not paying for your laziness anymore, a$$hat.',1
'I used to drink nothing but Bud but for quite some time the taste just hasn't been there for me. At one time buying Bud was a treat, we drank whatever we could afford. Now that the price of a six pack isn't an issue Bud just doesn't stack up.\r\n Make mine Spatan',1
'LoL This has got to be the funniest post here and hands down your one awesome person to trick or treat from!',1
'NJ has always been known for that.. That's not surprising at all!',1
'@ JUDY M....\r\n \r\n    Sounds like you got a problem....',1
'as i have said,\r\nthe number of times that i have been told that the job i was willing to do wasn't available to me because i didn't speak a language other than English,\r\n \r\nthe education system in this country didn't make it a requirement to learn a second language,\r\nso with not learning a second language in my own country is irrelevant to you getting the supposed dirty looks,\r\nremember,\r\nyou came to America,\r\ni didn't go to your country and begin to demand the country give me what others have worked for all their lives,\r\nwhether born and raised here or came here through the legal process.',1
'Republican 1 = Koch sucker.',1
'This article is stupid!!! Im glad that women are doing better now as far as education is concerned, but ladies your "Masters Degree"(if you wanna call it that) in education or  communications or Cosmetology...etc etc are not going to make you more money!!! I know construction workers that make more than women with these hyped up degrees... the truth is that Men are not interested in having to pay the way of some freeloading woman for 50 years so we are taking interest in Women that can handle some of the load with us!!',1
'The Great Wall of China was built with SLAVE LABOR........like most all ancient structures....',1
'I guess I'm not man enough for India Pale Ales.  To hoppy for me.  I prefer a sweeter reddish ale.',1
'EMPLATE..Did you ever see MSN do anything but bashing,,,it's their disgusting style and getting worse.  But of course they prop up the Whitehouse cover up on Benghazi',0
'While classic country fan (as witnessed from the negative comments below) are disappointed with the turn the genre has taken, it has also welcomed a whole group of new fans, who used to hate the twang and now welcome the crossover into pop/rock. Especially because pop music has been taken over by weak voiced autotuned teenagers and non-musical, crotch grabbing hip hop, and classic rock radio stations are disappearing from the radio dial. Current country is welcoming to all of the disenfranchised rock and roll fans. If you told me five years ago I'd not only WATCH the CMA's, but actually know who most of the artists are, I'd have called you crazy. I haven't switched entirely to country music on my radio dial, but I do know the cross over acts and enjoy some of their songs. That said, I'm still puzzled by TSwift's success. I guess autotune lives in the county genre as well.',1
'cool --  eric church's 'Chief' just won CMA album of the year.',1
'get a life',1
'my son just ate my stinkhole.',0
'Definitely a man's writing...and probably a prank to boot!',1
'another great comment from a liberal retard!',0
'This article is not the cure all, but, it does probably wake up a lot of people to the basic facts.  I agree with some of the posters here that stated, nobody cares more about your money, than you do.  Of course, many leeches out there, trying to persuade you into thinking you need to invest your money into their schemes, or funds. Look at some of the wealthiest people on the planet, that took the Berney Madoff ride.  Celebs and wealthy smart people were taken to the cleaners. Basic common sense can go a long way in investing for your own retirement. Get street smart would be one way, as well as investing in yourself, by trying to learn a little about investing. There will always be hurdles to overcome, but, a decent approach to investing 101 can play a big role in your retirement portfolio down the road.\r\n\r\n  Check with your employer to see if they offer a brokerage account in your 401 (k) plan. my company opened up a brokerage account in our 401 k plan 3 years ago, and I started to really study up myself. I took a huge hit in the 2007/08 debacle, as all my money was in mutual funds. I lost over half of my money in less than a year. Actually finally relented, and bailed at the wrong time. I am almost back to where i was, by doing my own stock investing. Gradually dumped the mutual funds, and in quality dividend paying stocks, of which I reinvest the dividends. Those dividends are free money for owning the stock, so take advantage of it, much like matching with your company match in the 401 k plans.  You will have to follow what's going on in your stocks from time to time, or maybe every week, like I do. I am into that kind of thing, so  I enjoy it.   Spread your investments into different sectors, do some research, and you might be more successful in reaching your goals. Also, learning to not live high on the hog is probably the best approach.\r\n\r\n  I have nearly doubled my investment in 3 years investing in a MLP. It's in the energy sector, pays "distributions", something like dividends, of which I keep racking up more reinvested shares. It's a 45 billion + company, that is firing on all cylinders.  It's about to distribute distributions in a couple of days, which for me, means another cha-ching. Can you guess the company??\r\n\r\n   Look into high yielding 4% and up companies here in the USA and abroad. Do be aware of the countries that tax your foreign dividends.   Energy stocks, drug stocks, BDC's, mREIT's, shipping companies, industrials, consumer staples, some banks, ..basically one or 2 stocks from different sectors.  Be your own boss in your retirement account, and you could be a happy camper down by the river in your 40' motor coach!..',1
'Both have agendas I'm sure but I work my tail off and things are getting worse. There is now too much month at the end of my money. I now also have to give more money to my parents because SS has not met up with inflation. If I don't help, they have to choose between what meds they need and food. I can't handle 4 more years of this. I'll roll the dice.',1
'ApplePhone',1
'I can't belive the so called journalist who wrote this. ..." the children's experience with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years." and... "we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this "trick" and simply take the spoils as part of the on candy." Does the BBC have editors? The writer doesn't go off on the guy who hands it out but implies the kids will all do cocaine later on in life and and goes on to attack that the innocent victims would take the drugs and use them?  What kind of scumbag writers do they have working for them? I'd fire this ****. He seem like he does it himself by the way this is written. Shame on the BBC and MSN for allowing suck a poorly writte, accusation filled article.',0
'I thought it was common knowledge that Obama is a racist',1
'You should get yourself a sense of humor',1
'October surprise: \r\n Sandy + Jobs report = Obama final boost! \r\n See you guys tomorrow during the jobs report',1
'This had to have been by accident. I don't do this drug but I've heard it is rather expensive and for him to be passing it out just willy nilly to trick or treaters must have been expensive for him. Or else he was on a high and got carried away. Either way if it had been one of my children he had given it to, I would have kicked his **** and then called the police.  All of my experiences were just run of the mill, thank God. But that's what you get when you live in a small town, everyone knows everyone else....and your Grandfather is Chief of Police.',0
'Lawsuit.',1
'WELCOME TO THE  WORLD DO AWAY WITH ALL UNIONS COST S  WOULD GO DOWN AND BETTER SERVICE.',1
'Are you serious?.You're not much for womens rights are you?',1
'Why scream? Posting in all caps just makes you obnoxious. I didn't read your post because of the screaming type. \r\nNo reason to yell ya twit.',1
'it sounds like a line of rambling speech from a character in the movie, "Spun".',1
'"Oh, let me guess... you could do better?"',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Happened similar during Katrina.  I was then a 19 year veteran firefighter. Since retired.   Because I was not in a firefighters union, I was told that I could not be deployed to New Orleans to help. I had requested twice to join the ff union and was never offered an application.   So in my place, two union firefighters with a combined experience of under 5 years were sent.  Along with 19 years, I have worked for 15 years as a building inspector and while I was a firefighter, worked 18 years in union construction.  Did not want experience I guess, but wanted only a ff union card.   Go figure.',1
'They really don't protect worker safety when they force companies to keep unsafe workers. In the new workplace, I am not sure that protecting seniority is fair to younger and better equipped workers.',1
'As the person stated after me, the article states the dog jumped, not attacked.  It's a story about how someone's beloved pet with put down when it shouldn't have been.  You are obviously inconsiderate by posting that you would "kill it yourself".  I bet you are a WONDERFUL person.',1
'America has to be educated about what the rest of the world does!!  In third world countries children work!!  \r\nThey play when their work is done.  This is no different than the children in the 1800's when America was an agricultural nation, which most third world countries still are.  I have seen children work in sugar cane fields, cocao forests and even in city dumps to help the family pay their bills and live a pretty nice life I might add.\r\nThe main problem is that everyone who is naive in America thinks that the rest of the world should earn the same thing as if they were working here.  It can't work that way.  Economies are too far apart.  Just check the exchange rate for other nations' currency.  If all things were equal as these nuts would like, then in El Salvador you would have every doctor and lawyer lined up at the end of the day to shoot the people working in the fields and factories so they could take their place the next day.  Manual labor gets paid what their economy demands not what the US economy says it should be.',1
'I would like to nominate Rose & Green Tiger as Posters of the Day!!!\r\n \r\nYou ladies have hit it dead on.\r\n \r\nI do have a question though. I have no way of knowing if your mothers are still living (mine has passed) but tell me please, if they are still living, how do you deal with their "when are you going to make me a GRANDMOTHER????" attitude? I told my mother over & over that I didn't want to raise a child the way I was raised (poor & insignificant) yet I heard this every 6 months (starting right after HS Graduation) until she passed-20 years later.\r\nDo your mothers do this? If so, how do you deal with it? It's still haunting me that I was treated as if being someones broodmare was the beat-all to end-all.\r\nAnd just for the record, I really do think women should have husbands (not just a piece of paper saying that they have a husband; Real, non-cheating husbands) before they breed. Some females don't even bother with the paper & they think they are doing something great.\r\n \r\nAnd for the men reading this, in case you're wondering, yes the non-cheating thing IS a two-way street.',1
'Brutus625 After being called out for bowing to Saudi Princes, Obama said HE DIDN'T KNOW that his actions would cause such an uproar. --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------- When are you planning to call Christie out for bowing to Obama??',1
'Well, you certainly won't get the truth from the lame stream media.',1
'Less than a week before the presidential election, Christie will host Obama in New Jersey to survey Sandy damage. The governor created a buzz after saying this week that he had no intention of bringing the GOP nominee to the Garden State to survey storm damage first-hand.Folks don’t know the situation here following the storm,” a Christie adviser told POLITICO when asked if the governor is unhappy with the GOP nominee \r\nChristie has been a frequent campaigner and fundraiser for Romney, appearing with him most recently in Ohio. Christie cancelled campaign appearances for Romney in Nevada that had been slated to occur on Tuesday after it was clear the storm was headed to his state. \r\nThe governor told Fox News that he has bigger things to worry about than the campaign. \r\n“I have no idea, nor am I the least bit concerned or interested,” he said when asked if Romney would visit. “I’ve got a job to do here in New Jersey that’s much bigger than presidential politics, and I could care less about any of that stuff.”',1
'I would be livid.  The officer didn't realize the taser was loaded.....it is his duty to know if it was loaded.',1
'They are entertaining. They beat Dan Quayle's potato(e) remark by a mile. Unfortunately they have been suppressed in a large part by the press.',1
'Seasonal employment rises this time every year.  The liberal media are intentionally not mentioning it much, though.  Come February '13, America will still be down in the dumps.',0
'uhh because it was underground?',1
'And Marty, they wonder why no one wanted to have a trade show @ McCormack place anymore.  $50 to deliver a case of Pepsi?.',1
'My Grandparents were married in England during the war. They returned to the states separately, my Grandfather flew home with elements of the 8th Army Air Corps and my Grandmother on a troop ship to the Brooklyn embarkation depot. Half way through the the voyage back home, my Grandmother was on deck with some of the other nurses from her unit. Before she knew it her wedding ring slipped off of her finger and 'bloop'...It disappeared into the black of the Mid-Atlantic ocean. Now fast forward to their 20th wedding anniversary. They were taking the big boat back to England, The Queen Mary. On the third night of the voyage my Grandparents were having dinner in the main dining salon. My Grandfather had a London Broil and my Grandmother ordered the Atlantic Salmon. About half way through the meal my Grandmother bit into something hard and broke a tooth. She deposited the object from her mouth and into her napkin and do you know what it was??? It was part of the fishes spine that didn't get romoved when the fileted the fish...Wouldn't that be crazy if it would have been her ring though?!?!?!\r\n \r\nI know this is an old joke but I thought I'd dust it off. Gotta do it once in a while. (**Rimshot**)',1
'I believe in the wake of people who died, those injured and the travesty of the whole thing. Someone should drill a hole in this person's brain. Who with an ounce of compassion would even consider doing something like capitalizing on someone's hardships!!',1
'But okay for ppl to dress up in black face as rappers and rastas and we should just see that as freedom of expression.  If one racial stereotype at halloween is offensive then they all are, can't pick and choose.',1
'I dont know? for some reason i think it just taste better when its picked by tiny little distressed hands.',0
'UNIONS FOREVER!!!!! We are the front line for democracy in the work place. You union haters want china wages then be careful what you wish for. Big corporations love when workers don't like unions so when the unions are gone they could rape you of your wages and benefits and you have to love it!!',1
'I want to know how all these people know how horse piss tastes.',1
'He said this incredibly insensitive and abhorrent statement because in his Mitt mind...that is exactly how he equates the two things...a hurricane disaster clean-up to a football field straightening up after a game....my good GOD!  How could anyone...anyone...vo  ​ te for this sham of a person?  Disgraceful doesn't begin to descrbe him.',1
'somedum....whats up you hate the truth, you mad cause they took your welfare check, or did mommy kick you out of the basement ?',1
'haven't gun rights expanded in these past 4 years?',1
'As convincing as any celebrity endorsement.',1
'April. I think that you need to step back and shut your mouth.  You are defending a thief and a poor food server. That is ignorance.  As a waitress/er, the burden of YOUR customer meals being correct is on you. If the cook forgot something, then you better be sure that you take it upon yourself to correct it. If not, you have the same boss as the cook. The manager. Just because the waitress had to work on Mother's Day is on her. She chose the profession. Then to cop an attitude because the CUSTOMER said hey I didn't get my food. That is a disgrace to food servers every where. Not only that, but to change a good tip for poor service is STEALING. She deserved to lose her job, and HOPEFULLY she did. Imagine how many hard working people who got horrid service she changed their bill, but they never noticed. Your attacking the above poster shows how ignorant you truly are. Which is a shame. Also, working for your money and going out to eat with said monies surely does not make anyone an "over privileged b*tch" as you say. And before you try to attack anything that I have said. I have worked in the food industry.',1
'Faith in God, following the commandments, compromise, don't sweat the small stuff and remember that it's all small stuff, a good sense of humor and some short-term memory loss.',1
'Yes you can, that is why there are so many more democrats....STUPIDI  ​ TY!',1
'stupid',0
'Yes! :)',1
'500',1
'why do they all ways list the hwy miles, 95% you drive is in town for most people. I don,t even like the averageing some of them show thats all so misleadeing.',1
'Best mileage?  My bicycles.  I burn no gasoline whatsoever.  Better, it's fun.  Best of all, I get to wave at the gas stations as I zip by.  Not my whole hand to be sure, but they get the message.',1
'www.over50luv.com',0
'Hamlet, and all those thumbs up...are you people this stupid???\r\n\r\nShow me the $$ vs important currencies the last 10 years.',1
'Unions are just another flavor of democrats.   In unions there is NO incentive to work hard - you get the same pay if you work hard or are sleeping in the back of your truck.   Sounds great if you are lazy and like sleeping - sucks if you want to work hard and get promotions or higher pay for doing a better job.  Socialism = lazy=democrat.',1
'Yeah, but I'd want him guarding somebody else.',1
'And I would say that you are as GAY as they get.  Which one do you sleep with?  Mitt or Paul?  Homo!',1
'No, the story is accurate and has been vetted.',1
'Who the phuck is Enderman?',1
'Kayne is stupidier than ****.  He and the Kartrashians are perfect for each other.  All AZZ CLOWNS.',1
'He doesn't do country/Cajun. He doesn't belong on a CMA awards show.',1
'I got out of so many tickets when I was young and cute. Once I was having a good time for myself, going almost 90 when a CHP pulled me over. I was polite and respectful and the officer let me off with a warning. Ah, those were the days.',1
'hey 76dragon you know its not real right that vampires/werewovles and dragons don't exist and magic is as fake as pam andersons boobs',1
'toe \r\n  \r\nI guess that is why the union workforce in America is a whopping 11%.  \r\n  \r\nThere is a reason why that is YOU IDIOT! \r\n  \r\nYa, the auto industry is a great example of the worhtlessness of the unions.',1
'I liked all the funny answers -- which I can't top --so I'll go with pointing out some possible factors to the idiot from MSN that asked such a silly question.  According to the source article, the "turtle graveyard" is in Northwest China.  That probably means the Gobi Desert, where a lot of interesting fossils have been found, but the story was pretty vague.  If it was the Gobi, unfortunately, the weather, altitude, inaccessibility, and for many years, the Chinese government itself has all helped make it difficult for anyone to explore for extended periods of time.  It's also a very, very large area. Then there's the issue of funding.  And chance.  The Leakeys had been searching for something like 30 years before they started finding the kind of significant proto-human skulls they hoped for. (Been awhile since I read about that, so I don't remember details precisely.) I don't know that anyone was particularly looking for fossil turtles in what is now the Gobi Desert, either, but I'm glad the researches are happy.',1
'itelefono',1
'Stupid, senseless, tasteless, heartless, brainless.',1
'Slavery is alive and well - in Africa.',1
'Stop scorning them & you won't have to deal with their fury.\r\n \r\nJust sayin'.',1
'After the last "hurricaine" that hit the NYC area that turned out to be a whole lot of nothing I am not surprised that some folks were underprepared.  (remember last year, the one shot of a tiny wave lapping over a step or something?) \r\nAlso, how much gasoline can be stockpiled in an apartment in Brooklyn?\r\nLast thought- even if these folks had a 3 day supply of stuff to survive, it would have run out today- the hurricane was Monday.\r\nIf I were the employer of any of those people waiting that long to get on a bus to come to work, I would be damned impressed.',1
'well you know, it's the one date you don't need to dress up for.',1
'I say...Let ANYONE who has an electrical license and wants to help....help.  They should not turn away anyone.  I hope that story came from some disreputable, right-wing rag....',1
'BIG FATHEAD BUTT NO TALENT RACIST OBAMA LOVING PIECE OF CRAP!',1
'She could have walked away, nothing, I mean nothing, excuses what she did. You don't kill someone's babies because you're unhappy with your job.',1
'The working title was "Married to the least popular member of a has-been band."',1
'Gruntcall .... Use the seed for food, fuel, and medicine. You obviously don't know anything about cannabis or hemp. Inform yourself.',1
'So glad to see such a great band finally get the recognition they deserve. Congratulations on both of your wins tonight.',1
'NYC and the entire east coast can suck a monster cock!',1
'iPappi',1
'CNN & MSN news \r\nNothing but Propaganda',1
'Unions are not bad, poor contracts are the cause of all the problems that are blamed on the unions.',1
'Everyone wants to forget his promises and accept his lies and lame excuses. Wake up America.,',1
'3 1/2 years later , just about anything is an improvement....13 million more on food stamps, UE at 7.9% only because another 5% ran out of benefits, $6 trillion more in debt. 5 jobs for every million of taxpayer money spent. Grow dependency , grow the democrat party. Obumbles sure is doing that.',1
'There have been many complaints about the current state of country music. Music evolves and changes based on what people buy. Pop music today isn't the same as it was in the 80s or 90s. Rock and Roll isn't the same as it was in the 80s and 90s. Why do people think that country music has to be the same as it was in the 80s and 90s? I love a lot of country music from the 80s, 90s and 2000s, but I still like a lot of the new music.\r\n \r\nIf you don't like the way country is now, listen to the country you like. Just because it changes, it doesn't mean you can't listen to the music you loved from the past.',1
'CUZ YOU A LEFTWING DEMONrat LEFTWING SOCIALIST WHO CAN'T COME UP WITH THE ANSWER YOURSELF!',0
'soooooo tackyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!',1
'P.S. Keep repeating what you've heard everyone else say. That makes you sound smarter. = /',1
'What was the real unemployment under bush when it was at 10%?????',1
'Good.  Now you wh*res can start paying alimony instead....',1
'All the Conway's Waylon's and Tammy's had there time and they were great I agree. But it's not the 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's or even the 90's any more.  Give these great preformers what they deserve.  They are great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'How can you win entainer of the year when you your not touring?  He has been sitting in his spinning chair  on the voice.  Not right.',0
'Only way he would take that offer is if he could deduct it from his taxes.',1
'A lot of wait staff make around $2.13 or a little more for the hourly wage and count on tips to make up the remainder. They usually don't make the standard minimum wage and then the tips on top. They are paid more if they don't make enough tips to bring them to minimum wage.',1
'The same way we all get your mother into bed, by asking politely and smacking her azz.',1
'I saw Hank Sr, Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard in person- after that there ain't much worth goin to.',1
'hey ghost,thanx for sharing that occurrence at the old house,how in the world did you stay?',1
'OK, the truth of the mater is that most speed limits are established for political reasons not for engineering reasons.  If Mr. & Mrs. Smith and all their neighbors complain that the speed limit on their street is to high and someone is going to get hit, then the politicians lower the speed limit.  This is contrary to the laws that most states have adopted about the establishment of speed limits.  \r\n\r\nThose laws require that an engineering study be performed to establish a "resonable and proper" speed limit that takes into account: the prevailing speed of traffic, the amount of conflicts along the road (driveways, pedestrian crossings, etc.), whether there is parking along the street, whether there are bus stops along the street, etc.  In addition a speed study is done to determine what speed the "normal and reasonable" people are going BEFORE any speed signs ate installed.  When all these factors are considered then a speed limit is established that represents the speed that 85% of the motoring public is travelling BEFORE signs went up.  This results in a 15% violation rate which is something that is enforcable by the police.  When you have a higher violation rate then there is something wrong with the speed limit.  So, if speed limits are going to continue to be established for political expediancy, there will continue to be many violators of the arbitrary laws!  \r\n\r\nAnd remember, the 55MPH interstate speed was established during the oil embargo of the 70's for conservation purposes.  Traffic fatalities are lower now than anytime in the past what with safer cars, better drivers so I say heave-ho with those speed limits too.',0
'Below me is a racist minority',0
'Cocaine for halloween, Priceless!',1
'traffic lawyers are the way to go',1
'You shouldn't be so self depreciating.',1
'Why are all textile products made in China, Taiwan, Korea, India, etc.?  Unions, that is why. \r\nWhy is steel manufactured in China?  Unions, that is why. \r\nWhy are appliances made overseas?  Unions, that is why. \r\nWhy are wrist watches made overseas?  Unions, that is why. \r\nWhy are automobile parts made overseas?  Unions, that is why. \r\nWhy is most furniture made overseas?  Unions, that is why. \r\nThe union workers, over the years, simply "negotiated" themselves right out of their good-paying jobs. \r\nNote:  You will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER find the words "MERIT", "JOB PERFORMANCE", "INITIATIVE", "CONSCIENTIOUSNESS" in a Union Labor Contract.  However, you WILL find the word "SENIORITY" in a Union Labor Contract about 500 times!  Unions BREED laziness and complacency.  Unions went out of vogue about 50 years ago.',1
'It's back the Queen of Sleaze ! Check her kids in also, they're Octocu*t's responsibility !',1
'a very patient woman',1
'hey people got toilet paper. if so send me some i take donations lmaf',1
'Has the person who wrote this article or anyone referenced actually been to traffic court in the last 4 years?   Reason I ask is things have changed, budgets are tight and people are not getting reduced fines/charges for showing up in court.   In fact, I talked my son into fighting a ticket recently.  He appeared in court and the judge spent 5 to 10 minutes yelling at him for wasting the courts time and told him to go pay the 'damn' fine.  He told me that NOBODY got a break in the 2 hours he waited to be called.   I suggest the author  do some real research, i.e. spend some time in Traffic Courts around the country, and then rewrite this article for the year 2012.    Plus, add some stuff about ENTRAPMENT which has become rampant since the Depression hit us in 2008.  These cops are writing tickets to save their own jobs and they write them for ANYTHING!!!  I know three people who have gotten tickets for not using a blinker yet every time we threaten to reduce the force, they treat us to HOUSE INVASION commercials when the majority of them write traffic tickets.  It's become ridiculous and cops treat every person they pull over as a potential murderer.   Speeding is not a CRIMINAL offense yet they treat you like a criminal, just like the TSA.\r\n\r\nThe greatest generation didn't have to put up with these gestapo style cops and neither should we.',1
'Congrats to our home town guy, Hunter Hayes, All of Acadiana loves you and The music world has only started to tap into the talent of South \r\n Louisiana.',0
'you wanna know what's been a real sucker trade?  following this hack is close to the worst  \r\nyou could to your net worth',1
'If you are over 40 and single, come to the best dαting site for 40 plus people only ___ www.seniorencounter.  ​ com ___ . Most members there are successful and well educated. Browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.',0
'Like politics and healthcare, MUSIC has become a corporation. Its all about good marketing not good music. If you live in the south and have an accent...you write a song or sing...good or not, they call it country. Even if there is no resemblance of such. \r\n  \r\nI have been asking for a few years now WHY Taylor Swiift is winning Country Awards? Taking from those more deserving. I never got answers, so its nice to finally see others feel the same. \r\nJust cuz you live in the country, dont make you a country singer. YES Country Music has changed, evolved, but so much its sometimes unrecognizable. There are alot of really good Country artists still, they may have changed it up a bit...but the roots are there. \r\n  \r\nMusic in every genre has changed, a lot of NO-Talent being signed and its sad...for most its about the MUSIC...for others its about the money. Corporations have pretty much destroyed everything. Real talent is now few and far between. Get the pop singers outta Country and send them back where they belong.',1
'Boy are you confused. Romney is a non christian cult member who thinks god is a 6'2" blue eyed deity on the planet KOLOB. Obama is a christian from a baptist congregation led by the Rev. Wright, who was not necessarily enamored with southern white culture from the 1960's.',1
'and another thing MSN........why did you put the "trumpeted by the conservative media......but is inaccurate" under the heading in the first place.  Are you now saying that there is a conservative media and a "liberal media.   If so, then your finally owning up to what we have been saying for a long time.',1
'There not out of style there just too expensive i bought myself a pair of buttes and they were about 300 $ unfortunately alot of people in this economy cannot afford to pay that much for a pair of uggs',1
'We live in a "Tasteless" world..Models and photographers could care less about where they shoot and the content of it..Maybe if their personal family deaths or tragedies were invovled they would get the picture.',1
'mike hunt',1
'Holy cow ppl the city was just put through its worse disaster, and your worried about a marathon, i would have canceled it this year, they have more important things to worry about......',1
'You mean an unemployed socialist who spends all day making an a** out of herself on the internet. Yeah, probably not.',1
'Can't they lock this guy in the White House lawn mower shed? I swear, ever time this idiot opens his mouth, he makes an a** of himself. His behavior during the debates was appalling at best. The sad thing is that the left applauded his classless behavior. Ryan should have strong armed him from across the table',1
'couldn`t said better myself,Burt,hell of a metaphore for this clown and his adm...',1
'Masquerade gay right as human or cvil rights,  reduce all voices that does not uplift their cause..put either homosexual closet people or sympethizer in places of power(law institution, boards of trustees, policy makers in every arena) to affect change for their SPECIAL INTEREST. eliminate the church voices and ultimately dismantle the church... as it is their biggest advisary. discredit the constitution, by calling it sub standard, or arkaic, not changing with man. As if their way of life is the future in this country. discrediting all who oppse gay marriage by calling then BIGOTS discriminatory views. Using the popular voice and pay them to speak on their behalf through commercial and entertainment playing field. The gay figure if they say it enough, well you will believe it. I can not be trick into the digusting thought that homosexuality isn't anything but perversion and demonic in nature. We need to tell the GAYS that America always operate with majority voting and they can't win with 2.8 percent of the population.LIke demons, they must find flamboyant ways to get other to vote for them. That is where the trickery come in. ARE YOUFALLING FOR THOSE LIES  and TRICKS?',1
'"Oh well, I'm the President so too bad"',1
'College Students not being able to find a job....Is a PRETTY LAME EXCUSE to try and blame on Obama...\r\nIt's been tough for College grads to find jobs for over 6 years now...It's always tough for new Grads to find jobs....Except maybe in the Dot com bubble??\r\nSome work for 2-4 years in menial jobs, some never find their Dream Job or even stay in their Fields.\r\nAnd then enter the worst recession in our life times, dragged into by Repubs...And you got the balls to try and blame this on Obama.??',1
'I would think before a out of state utility  company even thinks about sending a "crew" most of the details of where they were needed., Who was in charge etc, who's paying and how much would have been worked out..   Did these guys just get in a truck and drive north???',1
'I know a lot of  doctors say that a glas of red wine is okay .... every now and then ... but Me personally I do not think that anyone pregnant should drink, smoke or anything else while pregnant at any time ... I have had 3 kids, and the minute ISUSPECTED I was pregnant ...  I quit everything I dId not touch liquor or smoke OR ANYTHING....THE ENTIRE TIME..... The health of your child  is paramount,, and comes before anything.',1
'So proud to be a human being...............  ​ .....',0
'He is just saying what he is feeling.',1
'There are a few towns here in Oregon that do this. It's really fun to listen to! Makes me wish I had that kind of musical talent,(I took violin and stank at it :).',0
'I'll remember that the next time I get a "fifty cents coin"',0
'hugs between girls, give me a break',1
'How long do you thing gas prices will continue to fall?  Flip a coin.  We know in the Spring, Summer, and early Fall the price remain high because more people are on the roads.  The answer is when they need to make more record profits so they can pay their over paid CEO's.  They run a crooked monopoly that gets very little government oversight.  Romney, the clown wants to keep giving subsidies to the Koch Bros. and other oil behemoths.  They also need to regulate the Speculators who were deregulated by Senator Phil Gramm, a Republican.',1
'THATs CLASS!',1
'It's good to seek education but most accept all education as intelligent education and all the education in the world cannot keep up with talent.',1
'what happens when the cop who pulls you over is a jerk you know they can be disrespectfull also my wife and i were berated like he was the judge boys get it together its a job',1
'Absolutly right Barb, the unions will be happy to let people freeze until they knuckle under and bow down !',1
'me too!!',1
'Yep, they play alive!',1
'I bet is was TRUMP.',1
'Every time I've been stopped by cops, I'm always respectable and honest and a sense of humor is helpful too.  I've talked myself out of more situations than even I can believe!  I had traffic warrants and talked my way out of going to jail and just promised the officer I'd pay them, and I did.  I don't know about other states, but I generally find that California cops are usually pretty cool, such as LAPD, California Highwya Patrol, and Long Beach PD.  California Sheriff's, on the other hand, are a-holes.',1
'It just goes to show us all that in times of horrific events there are people that are even more horrific! \r\nWhat tastes fools.... But sadly there will be people looking at this @#$%!',1
'Wait?\r\nHe's quoting Nazi sh!t and posting someones personal address right now and yet you still take the time to type, \r\n"DOn't mistake I am not a fan of his but if I had to pick one of them over the other he has shown somewhat of a heart from time to time.."\r\n\r\nHe is being dealt with.',1
''It's global warming, stupid'\r\n \r\n No it's play back time for Slavery&murder and I hope it come again! Over and over until America cry uncle.',1
'HELL YEAH!!',1
'Trust. Being it's so simple but have such a vast meaning. It could fill a dictionary with just it explanation.',1
'You must be confusing NJ with Shitcago...',1
'A VOTE FOR OBAMA IS A VOTE FOR THE DARK SIDE',0
'The Dow is up 5100 points since Obama took office.With most of the media being right \r\nwing these days you`ld think the market was down 80%.The jobs report is another \r\nsign the economy is growing leaps and bounds.These are the good old days.',0
'Now that's the way you handle bad service. I wish more people would read your comment.\r\nI like the saying "I am a good customer. If things are bad I don't complain, I just don't go back". If more people took that position we would have a lot less crappy service.',1
'It's like accepting drugs from a stranger at a concert? \r\n  \r\nIt is accepting drugs from a stranger at a concert.',1
'"postponed by at least a few years" What? Contrary to your belief Mr/Mrs article writer most people never even try cocaine!',1
'Why did they choose the ugliest silver uggs to show?   I have 3 pair of boots and 2 slipper, love them all.  Maybe people are watching their money - also, many knock offs are out there.',1
'That is most men form my generation - the wife picks out the furniture, the car the color where we vacation, and so on and so on while I worked my life away to pay for everything.  I am so glad young men have it way different!',1
'tell me about it',1
'that is one fugly clown lookin chick',1
'I agree with you 99.9%  I do speed sometimes when I have a long distance to travel.  On the interstate I go no more than 5-7 over if traffic is thin.   I don't glog up the passing lane.  City traffic or heavy interstate traffic, I go the speed of everyone around me so I don't slow the flow of traffic.  Would you be inclined to give someone a ticket under those parameters?',1
'Jeez, I agree country is not like it use to be. But music as a whole isn't like it use to be. If you don't like don't listen to it, simple as that. I'm not that old but, I like listening to the older country (reba, loretta, george, alan, etc). It was better & is def. easier to enjoy & listen to. But I'm sure years from now today's "country" will be considered "old" & will have changed again. Get use to the change because it's going to keep happening, but you don't have to like it. It would be great to have george, reba, alan performing at award shows again but it is what it is. Just think years from now, when today's generation is in their 50's, they will be wishing they still had luke bryan, jason aldean, blake/miranda, lady a, carrie & the rest. One thing though, Taylor swift def. needs to go. She cannot sing at all, what in the world are her "fans" thinking. She is one that I always have to turn the radio off when she comes on, her & lady A, idk why but the chick's voice from lady a irritates me. There are a few "country" artists that can't really sing, but just because country isn't the same as "back in the day" doesn't mean that the truly talented singers of today don't deserve to be recognized. Just my thought.',1
'People should become aware that Today's Science is both Political & Corrupt. It's all about the Money. It's common for Tenured Scientists to pressure Non-tenured Scientists not to apply for certain grants. It interferes with their Agenda's. Less money for them. In some instances a non-tenured Scientists Career can be destroyed if he should persist. Basically your mainstream Science is in bed with the Politicians. Agenda's take precedence over good Science.\r\n\r\nI don't blanket accuse All Scientists. To be sure there are many trying to do their Job. Honest research looking for answers.  But be aware that their work is controlled by the Scientific hierarchy & the Politics. What doesn't fit the Agenda ends careers.\r\n\r\nStrait Up... I Don't believe in the Political Agenda of Global Warming as portrayed. It's 99% BS. The Climate has been gradually warming since the Last Ice Age, Else few of us would even be here today. Note also that All Climate Computer models gets a Fail. None of them fit the Hard physical data. Yet they use these models to promote their Agenda.\r\n\r\nAlso note that periodically, Hard Data would indicate were about to enter an Ice Age. We can only Hope it is another Mini-Ice Age as was in the middle ages. Most Life will cease to exist if it's a full Blown Ice Age. I would prefer the Warming. Most of which we could adapt to if it's for real.\r\n\r\nThat said, I would Encourage Climate Studies. Honest Research is good. As Stated, Warming we can deal with. Ice age not so much. Research may help us avoid an Ice age or at least minimize it in the Future. If we learn Enough.\r\n\r\nMoving away from Fossil fuels is Logical. We simply can't sustain our system with it. Especially if we want to grow. Eventually we would run out, but the real issue is supply can no longer keep up with demand hence the prices will continue increasing until we run out due to no one can afford it. The Consequences of which will lead to Major Wars possibly unleashing the Nuclear holocaust. Yes, Man really can affect the Climate. To the point all life becomes extinct.\r\n\r\nSo in My Conclusion, All this Global Warming BS should be swept aside & the Focus should be on developing Clean, Efficient, Cheap & Plentiful Energy for all. This can't be done if all our Financial resources are used to finance Political BS. The Money is running out. Opportunities will be lost.\r\n\r\nBe aware that Wind & Solar tho may be of benefit, It is not the answer. The 3 to 4 times cost factor is only half of it. What your Politicians don't tell you is To be feasible it will cost double that. Your Income will stay the same. This means Economic collapse & the vast Majority of the World will live in destitute poverty & Famine. The World at War Scenario. We need new technologies.\r\n\r\nIf Your a Die-hard Global Warming fan. What I suggest would alleviate your concerns. Otherwise we should prepare to move back into caves. At least those few who survive.',1
'If you are single and get married, the direction is down, not up!',1
'I dont like them for the fact that they bought smaller candy companies and then had mass lay-offs and closures at the same time they started building a hugh plant in mexico.To hell with them and their sharholders.',1
'I stopped reading this blogger but when I saw this post I didn't realize it was him.  I don't need some condescending look-down-your-nose judgmental blogger telling me what to do.  It's not advice, it's judgment.  Don't marry the wrong person?  Gee, that's an easy on to control because you always know what people are going to do.  and if you make that mistake, it's all your fault.  Please let's not post this blogger's "advice".  We need real advice and not condescending opinion,. thanks.',1
'YOU HIT PEOPLE FOR MAKING BAD JOKES? YOU EVER HIT ME, YOU FACIST THUG, AND  IT WILL BE THE LAST THING YOU EVER DO, WHO THE HELL ARE YOU TO HIT ANYONE, GO BACK TO THE  BAR AND KEEP PRETENDING YOU ARE A MAN.',1
'I used to to be a big Pabst drinker myself until they screwed all of their brewery employees in Milwaukee and closed the plant. in 1996 moving to LaCrosse. Oh and also Pabst products have all been made b y Miller since it aquired the brand in 2001 so it's no longer really Pabst',1
'So if you wear a Obama or Romney t-shirt you get kicked out right????\r\nYa sure like that's not happening!!',1
'When I first move to D.C., I did not know what the "British Pub Rules" signs meant, posted outside of some establishments. When I tried to tip a waitress, she explained that the "rule" was "we pay our staff a decent wage, no tipping necessary". I was pleasently surprised.\r\n \r\nI found a few businesses, that used that practice, and ALL of them were GREAT places to visit and eat. At the end of the meal I could relax and not fret over !5%, @0%, etc.\r\n \r\nTo those businesses, I tip my hat.',1
'corrupt little   ****',1
'Really? Tales from the lotus must be living in fairy land where everyone has a job. Look at the unemployment stats. Maybe serving food to unappreciative customers isnt what they want to do but have to do it to provide for their families. Glad you have tons of money',1
'I'm all for the movement to do away with public schools altogether. These days, they're little more than daylight-hour prisons for kids that did nothing wrong. It might be different if the children were actually being taught something, but that seems to be the exception rather than the rule anymore.\r\n\r\n My daughter was home-schooled, has graduated college, and is now doing quite well with her life.',1
'UGG boots are just that...UGG-LY!',1
'The only thing that smashes stocks ids the manipulationgoing on on Wall street. No matter what the news is they are going to take gains away for the year under any kind of news.',1
'Excuse me, but when you need help, any willing soul should be a welcome blessing. Reading this makes me sick to my stomach and creates great difficulty for me to feel sorry for their plight when conditions are attached to the aid they receive. They are in NO situation to be prideful or arrogant. If they were bleeding internally, would they only allow a union doctor to perform life-saving surgery?  Unions are worthless and cause more damage than good. So glad to live in Arizona, where this garbage isn't so prevalent.  Proverbs 16:18  Pride goes before destruction, and haughtiness before a fall.',1
'They were AWESOME Zelda! \r\nFunny that you say "stay safe"! Slipped on the mud and took a major header today! I am sure it was quite entertaining to whoever saw it. Hurts like heck though. :( Husbands not home so I needed to whine to someone. ;)\r\nGlad you're staying relatively dry Zelda! Have a great evening!',1
'That is so condescending. It just is. \r\n  \r\nWe are not children and we believe just as strongly as you do, either you respect that or you don't, when you are condescending you are NOT being respectful.',1
'OB/GYNs and midwives have warned pregnant women not to drink alcohol for centuries....yes, some say a glass of wine occasionally is ok, but why take the risks?',1
'it gets very cold in the midwest! i don't care what they look like as long as i am warm. i will buy other brands if they are a better price and good quality. the must be real sheepskin. no fake junk.',1
'shes hotttttttttttttttttt  ​ ttt and i did do it',1
'Also, if children stop at the home of a dentist, they'll get toothbrushes and small tubes of toothpaste for trick-or-treat.',1
'my brain, i have to agree with you. this is the dumbest question i have seen... Really msn Really.',1
'There is a bunch of them!',1
'I'm not a hugger and never have been. I think that most people like a hug every once in a while. We are a tactile species. But if you are not hugged when your a child, like I wasn't, you grow up not wanting to be touched unless you let the other person know it's alright. I think children should be allowed to hug but they need to realize that some children, like some adults, don't like to be hugged. But don't plant the seed of doubt that hugging is somehow wrong or dirty. Just teach them to respect the other persons right to not want to be hugged. And don't hug anyone when you are sick.',1
'it is because americans refuse to work for $400 a month and I don't blame them.  It is because of ****ING greed, END OF STORY',1
'i would like to know where the country was last night. carrie has a beautiful voice and she is not using it. she just wants to yell. also the music is so loud on tv you can't even tell what the singers are saying. i just wish it would all go back to the country that was. why don't you see any of the old singers at the award shows any more. please try to put a good show together for next year. spilt it up with the old and with the new. thank you',1
'They also lied about the Sonata. \r\nI bought a 2012 in dec 2011 and have never gotten anywhere near their stated mileage. \r\nWhenever I questioned the Serivce Dept or their US HQ Customer Service, they danced around the subject and send it depends on the driver. \r\nWhen I pointed out my driving style is very conservative, then I was told I needed a 3 month breaking in period. When that was over, they once again tried to blame it on me. \r\nI only average around 25mpg and bought the car because my 10 yr old 6cly Nissan Max. averaged 20 and I wanted to get the higher rates. \r\nWhat a rip off.',1
'Don't worry folks, they are just surveying for the next Mosque location.',1
'How would you have responded if he were your child? \r\nI would have laughed my **** off!  \r\nNext time do what your told!\r\nlol',0
'Corollary from Sununu's comment is:  Sununu is voting for Romney because he is white.  That also explains why middle-aged white men are voting for Romney/Ryan even though they are going to be handed a voucher to buy private health insurance when they are 65!  Imagine trying to buy private health insurance when you are 65!',1
'Definitely Maru',1
'It is pretty obvious from your attitude that you deserved every ticket you have gotten. Here is wishing you many more.\r\n \r\nYes, I have gotten tickets, all of which I have deserved,  and I have also been let off with warnings. I have only encountered one cop in 54 years of driving who was hostile and even then I freely admitted I was wrong. I appealed and the violation was dismissed because I was not given a hearing within the requisite time limit.',1
'and that is why the kids these days are the way they are. NO RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY.',0
'A ticket can be issued by an officer attitude and not honesty,lots of  individuals are guilty of a traffic violation some are not, not  all officers are honest. I was returning home from breast cancer surgery,so \r\nmy husband was driving and my friends were recording the entire drive,we were stopped,he asked my husband to step out of the car,and put him in the patrol car, then returned and said he stopped us because he didnt see any seatbelts,but everyone was still strapped in. then he changed it and said,he mean the driver said he didnt have one on,which is my husband. I politely said my husband wore a seatbelt too,and would never say he didnt wear a seatbelt. He noticed the video cameras, and faked things off, and said just doing routine traffic checks, my husband returned to out car, and the officer left.\r\n \r\nThe entire incident was recorded,and he figured it out soon enough.  so ticket or not  not every law enforcement person is honest. Everything is about money. The get away with many crimes because no one suspect them.  Imagine that.',1
'Second rule of thumb.....bit tits, big tip.....fat ****, no tip.....simple as that.',0
'What a way to start the day, looking at this adorable cat, just being a cat!! These pics are great. Both are way too cute, no way to pick just one over the other!',1
'if NY started Tebow, they might start winning.  Much better chance of winning with Tebow starting.',1
'Something isn't quite right with that dude!.....',1
'Honestly, I don't know how he does it.',1
'Quick: Right on',1
'From what I see posted, my mother and grandmother were lasty. A hug was almost always a sign of< "Well Done." The men in my family weren't bashful about passing out a hug ever so often. My siblings have kids AND grandkids. When we get together, we get/give a hug. Of course I'm aware that my "little sister" would like to go into the back yard and "take me down" because I'm the only brother of hers that she has never "taken down".  When my mother-in-law turned 90, I gave her a hug. She looked at her daughter and asked if she could keep me because I gave "great hugs". Sincere affection and/or friendship should not be punished.',1
'No, I don't see how this should be counted as "electioneering".  Is the Bible on the ballot?\r\n\r\nIf you're not required to cover bumper stickers before going to the polls, a t-shirt should be considered the same.',1
'"I passed Obamacare, raised the debt ceiling, increased the debt by 8 Trillion bucks and still call it progress...man I got these people fooled..."',1
'im in new york, but got real lucky and didnt lose power.',1
'MY LADY BETTER KEEP SHAVING EVERYWHERE. I LIKE IT AND IT LOOKS NICE',1
'No that goes to the New York Times for the headline about let GM go bankrupt.',1
'Nike and Rebooks do the same thing, use children to manufacture their products, I am sick to have to add chocolate to the list of products not permitted in our home, we do not support companies that use child labor.',1
'As with many other "country" fans, the winners this year are good in their category but they aren't\r\ncountry.  What country artist wears a cap and not a hat on this particular awards program!!!',1
'Apparently you can not post the letters "sh" and "it" even with an exclamation point and a space between them. My last sentence sould have read "Sheesh!, _____ it's the first rule of weapon safety.',1
'How about "be a hot ditsy blonde" as a #1 reason?',1
'youre an ****',1
'I have been a country fan since I was very young.  What they call "country" today IS NOT COUNTRY and where did COUNTRY WESTERN go.  I agree that Brad Paisley was "country" when he started, but like the rest, he too as gone pop.  Country means wearing jeans, a nice western shirt and a western hat.  NOT torn up blue jeans, t-shirts and caps.  I agree: Come back, George Strait, Reba, George Jones and show this new generation what "COUNTRY WESTERN" really should sound like!!!',1
'A baggie might be fun for an adult, maybe even a teen, but for a small child it'd could potentially be a trip to the morgue.  I don't have any issue with adults doing whatever they want to their bodies, but this could have killed a child who didn't know any better.  Not funny in the least.',1
'There was something called "moon boots" sort of in style 30+ years ago, Ugly, big, clunky, cheaper than uggs, but warm!  helped keep my toes on my feet in the upper deck in December. (Falling apart, but I still have'em.  It's amazing what duct tape will do.',1
'Awsome!',1
'its not that we don't want people to be religious or anything, we just want it out of government, as it is unfair to those of other religions. is that so much to ask?',1
'OH PLEASE,YOU COULD HAVE BOUGHT ONE.',1
'KILL IT!!!! KILL IT WITH FIRE!!!!!!!!',1
'the pizza guy is to blame, he didn't need to file a report on the dog, ..... sue the damn pizze guy too.',1
'No, I want to see honest press coverage of the candidates. When candidates lie, and they both have, the press should step up. FOX doubles down on Romney / Ryan lies, and the rest of the media is selective about what they expose, but are somewhat balanced between both candidates.',1
'Well played sir Richard Nicotra...your kind deed will be a blessing in disguise for all that you've helped',1
'Guys like RepubliCANT One are a dime a dozen...just ask the Koch Bros supermachine.',1
'.',1
'Stupid, narcissistic, pea-brained beatch, & her neanderthal husband.',1
'They are WAY to expensive! Lower your prices and people might be able to afford them!!',1
'Well the article also makes an accusation that the kids will be doing coke in a few years too, "and thus the children's experience with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years."',1
'I thought I was the only one who didn't care for the overly nasal sound from Rascal Flats. He doesn't have to sing that way ,I have heard  him  sound a lot better .I change the station when  they come on.',1
'Your name says it all.....satan.....an  ​ d you can stfu, yourself......',1
'I have a 2012 Elantra and when driving on the highway at 70 MPH I routinely get 40 or better mpg. My in town driving often hits the 30-31 mpg mark. I look forward to a refund but didn't really expect what is on the sticker anyways!',1
'Realizing each other is human and dealing with the stupid ****.',1
'I think you missed the point.  The article is trying to make the point that Ugg boots are "out" because the mindless masses have been told it's not "cool" to wear them anymore.  Try reading the article again.',1
'bullet, mh...This is exactly why your side is losing....No substance, just right-winged, regurgitated rhetoric...',1
'I agree that this situation is difficult to accept and the responsibility falls to Mike Brown to turn it around. They have made a couple of great additions in Howard and Nash but it all gets down to chemistry and learning how to anticipate your team mate on the floor. Expectations have been sky high for this team since the SHowtime days and followed up with the Zen Master's championships. If this were Orlando we would not be hearing a peep.',1
'To hug or NOT to hug, that is the question!!?? DUH!! Tipicle swing from A to Z on an issue rather than having ANY middle ground.',1
'The fact that Tesla won COTY has nothing to do with politics. It's a fantastic car that I happen to like a lot, but that still doesn't change the fact that these tax incentives for buying electric cars need to be killed.  Who should the tax payer offset the cost of some righ guys Tesla or Fisker?  Or even a lesser expensive Leaf and Volt?  If there is a demand, they will sell.\r\n \r\n(On the bright side, so far the Model S won't turn you into BBQ, so that's a plus.)',1
'Better than Ray Lewis before he took a life.... oh this is gonna go well...',0
'Nana, and Carlos, your poor taste and choice of the misfortunes of others is disgraceful!!!  I believe your intention was to get recognition and you have but in a very poor manner based on the catastrophic images all over the news.  I am sure if you would have been home watching this and feeling empathy for people who have lost everything you would not be posing on the roof top of these peoples damage cars.  I only hope as you reflect on this very poor decision you made in the disrespect of others you may make an apology in the near future.  I am more disappointed that you can put on a happy face and disregard this horrific event this past week that has happened to millions of americans!!!!  I don't know if your parents ever taught you to think of the less fortunate, but maybe you should do that and reach out to them instead of jumping cars.',1
'I',1
'the fact that attempts are being made to downplay the event show they are making it a nonevent. Nonevent or not it happened .the story of union or nonunion is understandable I was in the union for 16 years.The story is that the powers to be are painted in a harsh light and are denying it.I'm here to tell you it happened and thats the sense of it . Now read slow and twist your obama magic in so its to your advantage as usual anything that that reflects badly on your king you attack with acusations. Your the one who dont understand not me',1
'Yes.  SOME extremist Christians think the rules apply to everyone but them.',1
'400 AL.power workers left saturday before the storm hit, these were sent wednesday after the damage was realized.',1
'lol',1
'NO MAKE THEM PAPER BALLOTS',1
'I watched.....*shrugs*  ​ ....not a big deal.  BUT.......it's been 27 years on December 6th...and I STILL REMEMBER THE SOUND........of the Episiotomy, Thank you very much!',1
'On hold with cCustomer support "Hello this is Peggy"',1
'Team Romney Admits “Relief” Event Was Staged for Political Reasons \r\nI also found this part of the story fascinating. The Romney campaign admits that the intent behind the rally was swing state election visibility, not hurricane relief: \r\n \r\nBut Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "oppotunity" to exploit.',1
'Such a stupid rule, but perpetuated by sue-happy folks who find a reason to sue for every little thing!  Leaves people like this principal hardly any choices and being the joke of the day on the internet!',1
'my first computer TI99/4A played alot of Tunnels of Doom on it',1
'Alcohol',1
'An empty  treat bag when my brother& I got home  our dog Trixie had eaten it all , including the carmel off of tha apples',1
'THE KICKER I agree with you, teach your children to respect authority, but I don't send my kids to school to wash the cops car. That's the trustee's job. The cop had no right to ask him to do that. If you don't agree then you go to the police department in your community and tell them your there to wash their cars, instead of going to work tomorrow.',0
'Congratulations, you have the only "downcheck" on the entire page so far.  I guess you made the mistake of mentioning God.',0
'I know it is in my case.',1
'You too Money.......Would like to know you......Have learned from you.....and your sense of humor...Priceless...  ​ ..Five more days, and I get my life back....haha, btw,,,I am an Elvis fan too...',1
'This "guy" in office has been nothing other than a con and shill. Certainly, he will get the "wefare" vote and that was never hard to figure or understand,,,,ever.  I will say it again that he is a complete and entire disgrace.  The only smart thing he knows is that he absolutely must have the "welfare" vote to win. Black is black and white is white and he in neither, period.',0
'The only way to test your mileage is, do your own checking. I have a PT Cruiser. When I check the mileage I get  more and less of what  Chrysler says I should.\r\nThe reason for the difference is my city driving, You know the waiting to  move.Do your own checking, that will give you the most accurate then the companies.',1
'Cheap Hops and broken rice is exactly why I don't drink Bud anymore.....It tastes like crap now......Britto destroyed a great American beer....',1
'Obviously Hershey's has nothing to hide just like Obama has nothing to hide with his school records.',0
'Just keep saying "Yes dear!"  And keep smiling!!  43 years and counting!',1
'I usually like miranda. But i do not know what was up with her performance last night. What the hell was up with the thing she did with her voice at the end. If she was trying to be cute by doing it, she failed. Also, don't like that song, wish she would have performed "over you." Would have been a better choice. As for that outfit she wore, hope she threw that in the trash after she was done.',1
'I've lived on shorelines all my life. My daughter's place had 30 foot waves this week. You just learn to be prepared and READ your insurance policies. I have the books on a berm home and a place where one would be perfect. Remember those "70's" books on that sort of stuff, Re-Tog? They are worth a fortune now. I've been working on glass roof cultivation (in my spare time). Better investments than on Wall Street. Not trying to drop out but these things are gaining popularity and it could be subdivision type fun.',1
'Car a driver barely got it to work!  Another company tried to review it and none of the vehicles even made it to the track, they went through two of them and never put a mile on either one, LOL!',1
'BEFORE THE STORM , ALL  GAS TERMINALS A CLOSED  IT TAKES A COUPLE OF DAYS TO START UP',1
'I was really rooting for him to do better; and I must say he did make a comeback.  Chris Brown is now in my opinion being ungrateful for his comeback and he seems to not care what anyone has to say about his negative behavior. Pople better know Karma s a Bitch...#geturliferi  ​ te.com.......',1
'Uuuuuh....sorry we mistakenly euthanized the shelter director !!',1
'NO!  She promised that the tape was just for her and I and that nobody else would see it.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'He is Deemed, RT, or RTP/MP. Either iether, or makes no difference to me. The big putty-tat is coming for them. At this point it is more beneficial to keep them online rather than them in the real world finishing their suit of skin.',1
'Republicans set them free and people are saying they want it back? Sounds irrelevant.... I lot of hate in this story... You can read it and tell.... Until I read the book, I will take this article as something being taken out of context!!!!! Exactly that... (Repeated again), something taken out of context..... Lots of passing judgement and biased-ness in this article.....Apple?',0
'You must be an OLD 32 -- I'm 50 and I love "old" country sound also, but things evolve and could not listen to "old" country all day, variety is good, country infused with a little pop, a little rock, a little old a little new is good.',1
'Who cares??  the first one sucked!!  That **** was boring!!',1
'Obama says, with slurred speech, "I'm not as think as you drunk I am...    Give me another beer."',1
'Such humor.... \r\n More people were hired, but unemployment rose because we started  to count some of the people we had previously decided not to count for political reasons. \r\n We now added a small fraction back in and unemployment INCREASED to 7.9%.   Had they added back all of them unemployment would exceed 11%... \r\n In 4 days we can fire the arrogant, corrupt, lazy imbecile whose Obamanomics has destroyed the middle class...    Mr. Obama we are coming out to FIRE you...',1
'First seek to understand.',1
'Me too! \r\nI was going to correct myself too btw. We're actually required to have a turkey tag. It is free for land owners, but just a pain in the butt. More fun to complain and chase the stinken turkeys! ;)',0
'you have great points.  And Mr. Brown Skin, Obama the pres quit pulling the black card, its cause you suck at driving.  I never get warnings, prob cause I'm mad, and I'm white',1
'^ ............As said in Bizzaro-world',1
'I couldn't agree more that what she speaks is garbage.',1
'aactionarray.......s  ​ aid chunky monkey.....yeah right........perfect  ​  HourGlass on a slim goody....and legs like a piston........You usually dont see thighs on on a small frame like this young lady unless she is a cheerleader or a dancer....or in England or German where the women walk EVERYWHERE.\r\n \r\nBut to answer the question..........I would not call it tasteless....sort of no big deal.\r\nWhat else are they gonna when the Whole damn state is shutdown and you cannot get out.\r\nFight a war?',0
'@CUT YOUR STUPID HEAD OFF\r\nYOU dont know ****,you are just saying that because you are a dumb retard as he is..If it was OBAMA said some thing like that would you be saying the same?. I am sure you wouldn't..OH wait i guess you speak retard that is why you know exactly what he saying..',1
'" I think to myself,,What would Romney do....And Oh Hell no comes to mind.',1
'idiots ,,kids aint built for coke with all the garbage in the junk its more poisen than cocaine ,now thats something I could light someone on fire about ,giving my son cocaine,and this idiot reporter says mom and dad might not report them so quick,are you kidding me? somebody needs to urine test this fool in a hurry, or do yall even do that where you live.I run a bulldozer in a public landfill and had background check since birth and get urine tested at least 3 times a year and I work in a dump.We dont even kid about dope',0
'It sure dose. Taking care of a child very early in live takes quit a bit of time and all hour feedings. It does not shut sex off all together though. This guy has a problem that he needs to get over.',1
'Hey - if you want to hear country........   look up bluelonesome.com or check them out on facebook.  They are pure country - not any of this stuff we heard last night.  If they are ever in your area, be sure to go see them.  They are GREAT!!!  I, like the rest of you I get tired of not having country music to listen to.  I would like to have heard Willie do Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain - but guess they would not give him the time.  The best song of the evening was when Carrie Underwood sang Connie Smith's song and Brad played the "acoustic" guitar.  That was good clear music and you could actually hear her sing!!',1
'Let me give a better comparison.   Mitt Romney is the male version of Sarah Palin. Now does THAT help anyone who is undecided?  You betcha!  Mitt to Alaska..STAT.',1
'Well, I imagine the ones coming into the country scene now never lost their dog, they are too young to be divorced and have never had a real job so therefore have nothing to sing about.',1
'It's amazing how little you hear of the Bush legacy in these discussions.  It's amazing how little you hear of the Bush terms from the Romney campaign!  They're right to distance themselves.  There is no escaping the policies under Bush that nearly bankrupted this country: loosen financial regulations, start two wars, cut taxes, and increase Medicare with a prescription drug benefit.  Lunacy.  Google where we would be had we just not done the tax cuts in 2002!  Nowhere near where we are now in debt.  There would BE no crisis. \r\n  \r\nThe country was financially collapsing when Obama came into power.  He has done the best possible with what was left him and yes, it has taken years to mend and will probably require years more.  I thank God for his presidency.',1
'In my particular point of view I'am agree Of the That Princess Sofia it is Spanish or Latina From the original Royalty Caracterisitics of her nice face and blue or green eyes.',0
'I did not interpret this video to say anyone was going to hell for the way they vote. The Word of God says "Our God is a consuming fire" which means He burns away all impurities in His children....to reveal the beauty or "gold" that is there.That does not mean a condemnation to Hell tho. I think Huckabee means we can make choices now that will stand the test of time and of purity.  I do believe every choice we make can make a difference not only in our lifes but of others so we should take our privilege to vote seriously.',1
'No problem; only banks and insiders can afford to play the market ...',0
'she is scary looking. Was she dressed up for Halloween?',1
'I thought cocaine came from plant products',1
'Chris seems to convey that it was some type of bad luck, an unkind twist of fate that brought him to his current situation. In the article  I did not detect any remorse for misdeeds, only that he has suffered a loss of  favor with his fans as a result. He wants to "rehabilitate" his image and recreate his previous success. How about his tendency to violence, personal assault, and respect for others?  Now there is where the "rehabilitation" should start.',1
'Give it a rest, William, or double up on the blue pill.',0
'Oh well, he'll never do that again.',1
'In over 40 years of driving I never got a ticket for any moving violation because I tend to be a very careful and conservative driver.  My husband hates that about me!  Anyway,  for several years I took the same route to work and always took a right on an inner citty street in what I thought was a right turn lane.  Wrong!  One morning an officer pulled me over and should have known by the look on my face that I had absolutely no idea the lane I thought was for turns was actually a breakdown lane.  The sign was about 50 feet back and everyone always, always used it for a right turn. Apparently the city decided this intersection could be a cash cow for them and started stopping and ticketing people and I was one of the unlucky victims.  I was polite, apologized profusely and was obviously very embarassed about my faux pas but the jerk of a cop gave me a big old ticket anyway.  I went to court, explained to the magistrate about my perfect record and stupid but totally innocent mistake and the ticket was squashed.',1
'Amen to that.',1
'that you read...',1
'dumba**',1
'Of course it's tasteless, that was the intent, it would have been even more tasteless if she was wearing a pair of stilettos, lace top thigh highs, a sexy teddy and a pair of string bikini panties, all in black of course !',1
'"Meep Meep ...." \r\n  \r\nGood post VoxPopulae.  Funny! \r\n  \r\nDon't worry about Donald Trump.  He did just receive his lay-off notice from Martha Stewart. \r\n  \r\nHowever, he's just figured out that Curt Schilling owes him millions! \r\n  \r\nBack on topic, back in the day I owned Tanger Factory trust preferred stock I found on quantumonline, a web site for income-generating stocks.  I loved that dividend.  Some years ago, the wife and I were driving from Aurora, Missouri to Branson, Missouri and we passed a strip mall with a sign that said "Tanger Factory Outlet Mall."  What a hoot to actually see one of your investments out there in the boondocks making money for you. \r\n  \r\nAnyway, I got to get back to work holding a gun to the heads of these little kids picking cocoa beans. \r\n  \r\nI've read a lot of ranking of Cramer on his site.  He may be a wackadoodle, but if he is pumping Tanger Factory, this time . . . . he knows what the f___ he's talking about.  You heard it here from Ice Cold Sangria. \r\n  \r\nSo, we need to pick out a bar in Vegas where we can all meet Wednesday morning and toast the new President.  I recomment the Bacarrat Bar at Bellagio.',1
'TEST',0
'Government is secular but that doesn't mean you can't wear your Jesus t-shirt while you're voting.\r\n\r\nMoreover, the "government is secular" argument is far more meaningful if you use it to ban all politicians except avowed atheists, but even that is problematic because the Constitution doesn't say you can't be faithful, just that you can't tell others what god, gods, or no god at all they are allowed to have faith in.\r\n\r\nI can see the argument if she was wearing an Obama t-shirt or a Romney t-shirt.',1
'This will be the beginning of the end for men as we know it..And the beginning of something that may wind up being a lot of fun! Remember women out live men so this may balance things out.  Let them have all the stresses of having a mental  high paying job!',1
'excuse me.......McGraw, Hill, and Chesney are old school country.  This new mix of kids is more rock and roll, smoke and mirrors.  Videos have turned music into a circus.   It's not entertainment, it's a preformance.     Wear less, show more, mumble, mumble, mumble',1
'Here here! I stick with the Coke and Sprite versions that are made in Mexico. Hooray for real sugar! I know, still not good for me.',1
'Giving birth in itself is beautiful as new life begins there, perhaps it that were the focal point many would feel different',1
'Now explain this to me Oliffra .....  there are pictures of CeeLo assualting this ......... person? and If there are pictures of her assault  why the heck did she wait so long to cash in....ooops I mean report  the incident...... ????? Normally the hospital will call in the police if an assault has taken place or is suspected. when the victim in there at the hospital....?   Yeah right..  I hope she does not trip over her gold digging shovel, as she walks to the witness stand!!!!!!',1
'Drive it like you stole it.  Drive fast and swerve.',0
'Who protects us from the cops.  To serve and protect themselves at all cost should be the cops motto.....',1
'Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha.That comment comes from a reader of MSN !',1
'All 50 states need to ban puppy mills , City Councils need to step up to the plate on this one!!!!!!!!!',1
'Okay, and you dont know IF, HOW or WHY, so its time to put it to rest, unless you have some highly placed operatives amongst the White House maids, dude.  Just quit making hay out of dead people.  Its becoming offensive.  Let the investigations follow the evidence.  I believe they can do so without our 'help'.',1
'Sure, cant wait to be have the Big Corps freed up from 'over-regulation'.\r\nCant wait to have the ultra rich free to pay more than their hired hands(percentage wise).\r\nCant wait to have the Military Industrial complex freed up to pursue more wasted men, money and materiel in foreign misadventures.  \r\nCant wait to have our only home (sweet planet Earth) raped, robbed and disemboweled so Big Oil can be 'free' to make profits.\r\nCant wait to see us reduce the 20th century American lead on labor rights so our new aristocracy can 'freely' pursue their agenda to take us back to the Robber Baron days, when things were 'good' For Some of us, but not for All of us.\r\n\r\n"User", alright- Best figure out by whom, first.',1
'And all without having sheet music in front of him. Very, very impressive.',0
'I read this in another site and they where saying it's was coming from a concervative site---I wish this will be in the news media \r\nbut that won't happen --they don't even write about Benghazi--I am spreading the worf on Facebook',1
'hehe Pussy riot. like to see one.',1
'Prior to the birth of my son, I said the same thing. "I'll never leave the house wearing THAT!" Or "I'll never cut off all my hair" "I'll never let my roots get that bad." "I'll never quit exercising..." \r\n  \r\nThen I brought this tiny baby home who WOULD NOT SLEEP. Quickly I realized showering, brushing teeth, putting on make up, and heck-changing out of your PJ's were all "nice to have". Real life sure does change things.',1
'What the hell is wrong with this girl's face?!  She looks like the offspring of Joan Rivers and Krusty the Clown.',1
'She is really hot..',1
'And you have the audacity to call anyone but yourself "dumb herd of sheeple". What a hypocritical douchebag you are! Seriously, you are RETARDED!',1
'A real everyday hero! The Marathon should be cancelled for a dozen reasons. My heart goes out to all affected by this tragedy!\r\n \r\n I hope that Hilton (in general), and other Hotel chains are opening their doors to the displaced. They need a place to regroup and assess their losses, and figure out where they are going from here.',1
'Yes & No... \r\nI'm impressed that scientists cared enough to determine whether or not (elephant) animals could try to communicate in a human language. I'm not so impressed that they haven't had more long-range studies to determine what those same animals may be trying to communicate in their own language/communicati  ​ on-style. I'm also not so impressed about the lack of long-range communication studies in human language.',1
''Cause things are always in the last place you look.  MSN should know that!',1
'Peter G.-- I'm listening to the music behind your reasoning and shaking my head affirmatively. Also want to point out Fiona Apple's live version of "I Want You" (which really deserves to be seen as much as heard), which consummates E. Costello's original version in a totally different, more devastating, and equally spectacular way as Bruno does.',1
'Thank you for possibly implying that volcanoes may be more important at possibly causing our current problems than human activities of consuming fossil fuels.  It appears there are currently 20 active volcanoes worldwide, depending upon how you define a volcano.  http://www.volcano.s  ​ i.edu/faq/index.cfm?  ​ faq=03\r\nThe first thing that is interesting about volcanoes possibly being the source of our current problems is that they lower temperatures.  http://volcanoes.usg  ​ s.gov/hazards/gas/cl  ​ imate.php\r\nHowever, \r\nhttp://www.ncdc.noaa  ​ .gov/sotc/global/201  ​ 2/7\r\nreports the following for July of 2012:\r\n"Global Highlights\r\n    The average combined global land and ocean surface temperature for July 2012 was 0.62°C (1.12°F) above the 20th century average of 15.8°C (60.4°F). This is the fourth warmest July since records began in 1880.\r\n    The globally-averaged land surface temperature for July 2012 was the third warmest July on record, at 0.92°C (1.66°F) above average.\r\n    The Northern Hemisphere land surface temperature for July 2012 was the all-time warmest July on record, at 1.19°C (2.14°F) above average."\r\n"There continues to be efforts to reduce uncertainties and improve estimates of present-day global volcanic CO2 emissions, but there is little doubt among volcanic gas scientists that the anthropogenic CO2 emissions dwarf global volcanic CO2 emissions."  An interesting chart appears after the quoted material that appears to refute volcanoes being as significant as man concerning our present problems.  http://volcanoes.usg  ​ s.gov/hazards/gas/cl  ​ imate.php\r\nBy "googling": ocean temperatures relationship to hurricanes\r\nI was left with the impression from reading a few of the articles that there is a possible link between ocean temperatures and the development of hurricanes.  \r\nI admit I do not know what we can do to stop volcanoes, if factually they are the source of our current problems, which seems doubtful.  I stand by my post that suggests that if our current problems are related to the consumption of fossil fuels, what should we do about it?',1
'MJ...Ur Prez left 4 Americans to die in a chit hole. Now he's lying about it. Mit the Twit wins by 7 points!!!',1
'woolysuicide...shut up stupid!1',1
'Take another hit on that joint.',1
'Too long!',1
'They're call "useful idiots."',1
'That was My first thought after reading this to! I could understand a wise crack remark if it was mini booze bottle or even pot but seriously?? I honestly do Not know any parents in my social circle to recreationally do this drug, and certainly any drug found in their childs Halloween Bag would NOT Be kept silent!',1
'Tripe!!!??? Thats rough man! lol.',1
'No',1
'" Yes I know...but have they told you yet about the man in a red suit  with a long white beard and some claws.......AND... he knows when you are naughty "',1
'A  15...., and that is being lenient... Nancy Grace Makes My  Ears Bleed !!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'41 years of a happy Marriage, Never go to bed angry, Love each other a Little More each day.\r\nOne thing, Never be Husband and Wife because they fight to much, Always be Best Friends.\r\nI am 69 and my Wife is 62, every time we walk past each other we give a little Kiss, Before we go to bed I kiss and hug her, First thing in the Morning I Kiss her and always tell her that I LOVE HER.',1
'search tomahub on youtube',1
'Your mother should have just swallowed that night.',0
'lmao.....awesome!!!\r\n \r\nI love the thumbs down, the right wing nut jobs do nothing else but troll online.....lets face it, they are the MINORITY.\r\n \r\nTEA PARTY HACKS are dead weight in America!!!',1
'Hopefully, the next explosion we hear will be the Obama Administration self destructing when they lose on Nov.6th! Hope he doesn't destroy too much more of America before he checks out on Jan. 20th! Send Fisker more money Barack, only this time make it your own not ours! After all, you are now a member of the 1%!!!',1
'Now you know why Zombies crave brains...Theirs are mush!',1
'why do you even care? you let your kisd drinkl soda and its just as bad.',0
'Thought for sure he'd give it to the sodomites.',0
'If you read the source article, it's even worse in some regards than reported here. After the cop tased the kid, the kid fell over and blacked out. No one called for an ambulance. Once the child came to, the officer went with him to the restroom to help him get "cleaned up", then to the nurse's office. Once the parents arrived, the officer suggested then that the mom take the child to the doctor. So, the officer screws up, committing a violation of the first rule of weapons handling, then doesn't even bother to call for help when the kid blacked out. Wow. Why, again was he only suspended for 3 days?',1
'Love that screen name!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'Pppsssttt....republi  ​ cans......4 days 'til your boy willard is crushed by the American people!',1
'I really liked your post until your last two sentences.  I will pay someone to build something for me, and repair my own car.  Since I'm 25 and making $50,000 a year - I think I can afford it. :)  I can survive without a man 100%.',1
'This may not be pertinent, but do any of you realize that Africa is not  the same as the sissy's in the U.S.A.  Those people, when not chopping each others heads and arms off, actually expect their young children to go out and keep the goats from being eaten by lions.  I don't think they worry too much about the Fair Labor Standards Act, and many are happy to dearly receive any kind of sustenance to keep ones bellies full.  Perhaps Hershey's should just pull out and not hire anyone for anything and then we can send aid as people are starving in front of our lenses.  (P.S.-there are 10 year old kids here in the U.S. that get up in the morning and help milk the cows.  Isn't that a travesty and let's hear a collective liberal OMG and let's not eat any cheese ever again from Wisconsin or Michigan or Minnesota)!',0
'Are you kidding me.  Do you not know like so many other Americans on here that we have a Capitolistic economic structure?  That means the President doesn't affect jobs and business. Unless the President hires govt workers or a maid for the white house he can't create a job! Can't tell companies to hire more, to hire Americans etc... If we stopped buying these corporations products who have bailed on American workers but still collect corporate welfare (which is our tax dollars!) they wouldn't pull this crap! I swear before long we won't have labor laws that were fought for by our past generations and the story will be about kids in Georgia.',1
'gotta tell ya bro, no one cares.',0
'I didn't like it! Three of the performers were singing more roll than country! The awards is way too long for anyone to really watch it.',1
'I think that she would look great along side the pepper spray cop.',1
'Well this was all very civilized!',1
'You know what? "Shallow" is the best description of him I have heard yet and very accurate.',1
'You can obviously tell Michelle is on the other end of the line. I get that same stupid look when I'm talking to my wife.',1
'Echo? its the gas stations thats treating us like Rusky's on the bread line.',1
'You're right, the "would-they-or-would  ​ n't-they" only emerged Friday as rumors of a cancellation started to pop up. I added that sentence in editing and revised it to more correctly reflect the situation. Thanks.',1
'Spiders dont bother me too much, except Black Widow's but I have a horrible irrational fear of sh!t that flies and has a stinger. I mean a spider...whap! Dead! But a pissed off bee or wasp....how do you deal with that? I mean a bee, when they sting you, they die. How pissed off would you have to be to want to inflict pain so friggen bad that you are willing to die to do so. Then, you take a wasp...They just look evil! you get too close and they turn around a stare at you....swing at one on holy crap....A friggen flying sewing machine. They will sting and sting until you knock it of and then they come back for more. I just walked by a doorway once that had a wasp nest in the corner, I just walked by that was all. The next thing I know is the little bastard fly's straight at me and stings me right directly on the eyeball! No sh!t it hurt! \r\n\r\nSpiders, whatever!',0
'This photo could represent his Presidency. He has had no clue the past four years.',1
'Oh my god, I was just thinking the same thing! What idiot just assumes that parents would be happy to get cocaine as "spoils" (as if taking your child trick-or-treating was some kind of "drudgery" that you had to endure and you needed "spoils" to bear it!), for taking their children trick-or-treating?!?  ​ ? Where the hell did you go to school for journalism?? It's as if you're saying that most parents are drug-sniffing, irresponsible morons who only care about what's in it for them!! And the comment that the children's experience "with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years"---as if all their children were going to turn out to be drug users ANYWAY!! Wonder where the author of this article grew up??\r\n \r\nThe paper or whatever he writes for should kick him off the staff pronto for this senseless and stupid comment (heck, the whole ARTICLE).',1
'Broccoli Obama or Meat Romney???...hahahahah',1
'It was a renewal ceremony,...10 year anniversary,....all the trimmings,.....choir  ​ , tons of flowers, everything a couple could ever want or wish for. When the pastor turned to the groom,for the groom to speak his vows,.....he looked directly at his wife, then served her with divorce papers,....but wait,...it gets better, without losing a beat, the wife in turn served her husband,.....thing was, the husband was shocked.......it was one hell of a reception party.',1
'Green my hiney! How much acid and PCBs and other pollutants were emitted when these things burned up? What are we going to do with all the heavy metals in these battery operated vehicles when they need changed? We need to find alternatives but I'm telling you now they are not green. Yo? Yo?',1
'We are not all Democrats nor are we all waiting for the government to come to our rescue.  We do not live in a hurricane-prone area so it's very hard to prepare for what happened.  Towns that never flood were overrun by swelling rivers.  People evacuated when they were instructed to, bought generators until there were no more, and stocked up on supplies to help get them through.  But we have no control over 2.6 million of us losing power, including over 50% of the gas stations in the state.  Everyone I know is minimizing their driving to conserve what gas they have.  Why are there so many haters out there?????',1
'MYTH ROBME makes RICHARD NIXON look like a SAINT....... \r\n MYTH ROBME is the Most Corrupt Politician to ever Run for the Presidency.....',1
'Because it was a terrible book series aimed at young girls and forty year old women without enough romance in their lives.',0
'What in the name of God is wrong with these actors? I really enjoy Norton as an actor but he has now lost me as a ticket purchaser. When someone is stupid enough to support the worst President since Herbert Hoover they really should keep it to themself their box office take is now going to suffer. This President HAS to be voted OUT!!',1
'Penalizing these corporations under preexisting law isn't going to mitigate third world child labor, as at the end of the day, no one is held criminally culpable and when you turn a multibillion dollar profit, any fines are easily absorbed. Government has to abolish limited liability, first because our country is predicated on the belief that all individuals are created equal and should be treated as such under the law, and second because limited liability removes an inherent natural balance to the the free market, risk vs. reward. Only when victims of these atrocities gain the legal right to hold shareholders accountable for unlimited damages, will these corporations develop anything remotely close to a moral compass.',1
'Crimson,Lulabell\r\n \r\nI dont blame you for being skeptical, I was too. I honestly dont think she knew the truth about what consumate d*ucher he was. I think she knows now.\r\nThanks for the thorn in side comment. LOL. Other than the birth of my kids, driving him to the insane outburst that he had was a highlight of my life, maybe BIGGER than the birth of my kids. (Im just kidding) But there are still plenty of minions running around here who could use a good thorn in their sides too....\r\nLulabell-there is nothing to be scared of. People just like to talk big. Just be careful not to post personal information on here and just have fun with it. DEFINATELY not worth being scared of.. See ya everybody.',1
'Three-part comment: \r\n\r\nPart 1 - Companies who want to sell stuff want their stuff to sound and look good to us.  They hire marketing departments to make their stuff sound and look good to us. \r\n\r\nThey hire lobbyists to help lawmakers determine what laws make it to the books. Lawmakers also control the purse-strings (directly or indirectly) of the agencies who oversee the application of laws, and supposedly penalize companies who don't comply.  (NOTE: there is a big difference between assessing a fine for non-compliance and actually having that fine paid - see 'coal-mining industry').   The fact that the EPA even had the budget to test a an auto maker's products is amazing, until you ask yourself: why doesn't the EPA test all the manufacturers for accuracy, and produce a ranking so we could all see who the biggest liars are (I don't know about you, but, when I have gotten into conversations about MPG stickers, the accepted belief is they are all inaccurate).  The EPA is not stupid: they know if they went after a domestic they could count on repurcussions, so they go after (arguably) one of the least-likely to give them too much grief: a non-Japanese foreign make. \r\n\r\nPart 2: I bought a new 2007 Hyundai Accent and owned it until a year ago, putting 115,000 miles on it commuting to and from work in the Seattle area. The car was rated at 27/32.  On regular gasoline I consistently got 29-30  combined.  With premium, and driving a little less aggressively than I normally would (shifting to a higher gear earlier) I experienced 34-35 consistently, with the exception of the first few tanks (during break-in). I only point this out because, based on my personal experience, I think the EPA could have picked a bigger target than Hyundai. Which leads me to ask: why Hyundai? Maybe the lobbyists for the other companies want their stuff to sound and look good to us!\r\n\r\nPart 3: I notice that my mileage and performance seem to suffer when ethanol is added to my gasoline, is it just me?  Why don't the MPG figures reflect that in their reporting?  Why can't I get a MPG rating for Premium fuel, regular fuel, and fuel with ethanol added?  Wouldn't that be the way to do it?  ( I know, the EPA ratings are 'averages').',1
'Seems a little far fetched to me too! Most Trucker drivers  shoot for 100k per yer and they do it as a full time job.  That is 160,000 miles  per year for the last 6 yrs a lot of driving for fun!  app 438 miles per day 365  days per year ! no day's off!',1
'Im a little concerned about mike brown,,that might just be because Phil Jackson was the best,,and thats what were used to.',1
'I would have punched her right in the nose then went on a rampage looking for the dumbA who did the papers wrong.',1
'iFone is a company that offers IP communication services, it doesn't sell cell phones or smartphones. Apple suited iFone first causing a lot of legal costs, now iFone suited Apple in retaliation.  \r\n  \r\nMexico has a population of 110 million, and it's the second major continental consumer of cell phones, it is also an important consumer of computers. If Apple pulls out for a tantrum as you suggest, It will make Samsung, Nokia, Sony-Ericsen and others very happy.',1
'Let me see...... New York had at least 50 deaths and all this couple can think of is to get some glamour shots with hurricane destruction in the background ??? I do believe if they had been old enough they would've taken glamour shots as 9/11 as a backdrop!!!!! Very freakin tasteless! They might as well have found the 50 or so bodies and posed with them for her glamour shots!! I wouldn't have put it passed them!!!!!!! I bet if they had lost someone they would've taken a second or third thought about what they did!!!! People like these deserve nothing in this country!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !',1
'well no **** having kids affects the ****es' sex-lives. you're suddenly stuck with this parasite for the next 18-20 years. in this case though i'd say it's likely just because his wife is fuggo.',1
'Denver, it is electioneering because Republicans in general are known for throwing the Bible down your throat.  I think most people have come to the same conclusion, and it is evident by the responses here, that the shirt is pro-republican.  Maybe she didn't mean it that way and maybe she did.  It doesn't matter.  The fact is that you can't wear something that can easily be construed as leaning towards any candidate or party.',1
'hey! John, still mad for losing ..... or really pissed for not veting Palin... hahaha.. u lose anyway.\r\nget over it me... come over and have a whitehouse brewed beer... don't be angry...',1
'Love Uggs but they are just plain way too expensive. I have only knock-offs.',1
'I hate it when media twists my words by quoting what I actually said',1
'I agree about Obama, Johnny. But the part about Romney remains to be seen.',1
'I would caption the pic: hey friends, I'm still going strong for you, lol. It shows a funny and candid side of our president, lol.',1
'are you kidding me, LOL.....What part of my statement is false?????',1
'Chris Christy didn't endorse Obama he thanked Obama for Government support after the hurricane.  Ger your facts straight KOO.',1
'dude, there are 21 year olds way smarter then some 70 year olds. espically american 70 year olds, ppl who your suppose to learn from but sadly they know nothing.',1
'I agree with you about Blake and Keith, and Taylor. Shes everywhere, kind of like the kardashians & jennifer aniston. I thought Kelly Clarksons dress and shoes were awesome. Miranda Lamberts outfit for the song was, so-so.',1
'I just bought a pair of classics for my kid and they are now $190 bucks for what was $150.00 last year.  I think they are a rip off.',1
'Excuse me , your probably right my comment on the  waitress  post  was out of line and wrong . However I am not white trash.  I am educated, i put myself through school with scholarships and my tips  from the two jobs i worked at the time ( last time I checked  an Associates degree  before I was eighteen and a semester away from my Bachelor degree makes me educated you hateful little troll) . As to me being ugly  that's your perspective. So THANK YOU darling for reminding me .',1
'Insane, KOO KOO actually thinks Odumbo is a black baby jesus....all grown up and ready to give whitey some payback.',0
'Maybe if they would have named them something other than "Ugg"...? That's like naming a food item something like "puke", and expecting folks to buy it.',1
'iBelieve iPhony in China, is outselling both iPhone and iFone!',1
'I want one.',1
'warming is not stupid just ROMNEY :)',1
'Who really cares? Isn't giving them press just as bad? Am I just as bad for even giving me opinion?\r\n\r\n~A',1
'I believe that to be kind to each other is something we should do for each other whether in a crisis or not.  It's nice to know that these people have neighbors around who are so caring.',1
'Unions are little more than paid goons, pressuring workers with obscene union dues.  I think "union busting" should take on a much more solidarity, so workers can better their medical plans.',1
'Can we talk about this later?  Elmos on right now.',1
'mama . . . Change your name back to "Dr. DuBury MiDung M.D." \r\nStop hiding.',1
'tasteless...........  ​ ......',1
'One of Jeff's relatives, that he doesn't see eye to eye with politically; Has finally gone over the edge.\r\n \r\nI told you to quit POKING YOUR COUSIN WITH THAT SHARP STICK....And putting Romoney signs in his front yard..\r\nLet us know when he gets out of jail Jeffy, we'll send him a fruit basket...yuk,yuk.',1
'i'm not worried, no matter what I do msn and cnn will spin it so I come out on top.',1
'Hey, I have a profile on -----seek40plus.com-  ​ ------, where you can chat with singles over 40 and make friends with them. If you are over 40, it's a good place for you.',0
'soon i can marry my gay lover and leave that black widow skank',0
'"Masters Degree in Cosmetology"\r\n \r\nOh my gosh! That's funny!!',1
'maybe he is trying to score pot',1
'Am I the only one that had difficulty hearing the actual vocals of the singers? Most of the time the instruments drowned out their voices.',1
'She's saying: \r\nDamn! Hurry up and pass it!',1
'In other words, contrary to the implication of the headline, "bend over and be quiet." It IS 100 percent up to the cop, and if it's quota day, you're screwed. I mean this or my name isn't John D. Smith.',1
'A weak man? Yeah I'm sure your super strong and perfect person, no mistakes in your life right. Clueless, couch potato',1
'I love my Uggs. I have several pairs and they last forever. Of course when I couldn't afford them, i didn't buy them, but I definitely won't wear 6 inch faux leather boots that not only hurt my feet but don't keep them warm. At my age, I'm chosing comfort over style. Especially when that style is dicated by some fashion freak that I could care less about their opinion of me and what's on my feet.',1
'When I am wrong, I accept the penalty. The majority of officers are doing their job right. I have had one  occasion that I was pulled over for speeding that he made up the charges because I was from out of state and he knew that no one would travel 1200 miles for ticket. He admitted that I was below the speed limit when he pulled me over but claimed that I was 15 above before. I was only 3 miles out of town on a sight seeing drive.',1
'http://youtu.be/bcYp  ​ pAs6ZdI',0
'You'll "Smack" them yourself?  You go right for the hard drugs don't ya?  None of that sissy Cocaine or weed for you, nope, it's Smack for the kiddies!',1
'Sure... No problem.  I can pick up the pizza as soon as I'm finished here in New York.',1
'The second sentence was for RUSS, the first was for both of you.',1
'He looks to say ok, whatever, thank you, I'm  sleepy.',1
'Turtles aren't rushed to be found',1
'bend over please, so i can stick  my bat in your fat ****',1
'lol no',0
'He's smokin' something. His lips are getting more purple by the day.',1
'really? have you ever seen a woman given a c-section by a greedy money hungry doctor? Yeah, I can see how it's a turn off!!!',1
'wait what? I have a cobalt and it costs me 35 to fill up and it has an 11 gallon tank. does your car have like a 6 gallon tank or something?',1
'it says it jumped on the pizza guy not attacked him read the article before you speak you make yourself sound stupid',1
'I agree with ThatGuy.  Books give more details than movies do, and movies often deviate from the book-story.  If I had not read Dune I'd have not had a clue what the heck was going on when I saw the movie.  Just one example, of many.  Lucky for us that most filmmakers won't trash up the writer's story that badly.',1
'Sure thing you pretend patriot, internet tough guy. Is this before or after your slut mother sells tickets to your father and uncle making you AIR-TIGHT while you wear your Nazi uniform? Pwahahahahahaha\r\n"I have like all these flyer miles saved up from past business and vacation trips around the world..... I currently reside in Rockwall Tx"\r\n \r\nWhat you really said was "I'm a teenage loser who gets cornholed by my family and i want to act out. Plus I'm a pu$$y who lives in Pu$$y Texas." That's what you said.\r\nBut I'll call your bluff you little bitch. \r\n \r\n1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110\r\n \r\nShow up you little twunt, LOL!',1
'Nap Town white knighting so hard.....it's unbearable...god such a loser.',1
'No more than you enjoy sucking at the Koch Brothers trough.',1
'The SCOTUS said money is free speech ? And corporations are people , never read that in the US Constitution  ? The best Congress money can buy ! Lets see Million dollar people make up only 1% of the USA but 46 % Of Congress ! < Go figure.. LMFAO only in the USA can people be so stupid as to elect them over and over !',1
'Who is Mr. Burns again?  I believe the character fits Obama best.',1
'its cause they are expensive i bought me a pair of buttes the qualities good but i dont think everyone in this economy has 300$ to spend on a pair of uggs',1
'Ha Ha Ha.  You're so funny.  But looks aren't everything.',1
'Even Joe is ashamed to be associated in any way with the policies of the Obama administration.',1
'Whitney Houston's' abuse of her body for years with booze and drugs is the worst diva behavior I've heard of, what those drugs did to her is terrifying to me.  \r\nPaulina's' fit is to be expected from a hot blooded latina expecting 1st class tickets and getting coach. \r\nI think that it is something laughable later on in life though. No real damage was done. I like laughing at, and seeing guys beat on by small child size women.',1
'Uh oh, gay Mr. Smithers is not be happy this!',0
'Some of you who buy product in the aftermarket (books, CDs, etc) may have dealt with "Zia"  If you'd like a coupon offer from them, either message me on FB or send me some email acct I can decipher.  The kids around Phoenix "cough up" a lot of good product, so you can find "like new product at a much lower price.  They also have all KINDs of old school stuff that can prove difficult to locate on the "well-known" sites. \r\n Disclaimer: I neither work for Zia, nor am I collecting email addys for any other purpose.  I WILL get additional discounts and coups myself in the future.  Zia, for those who aren't familiar with it, are a regional powerhouse in the SW and maybe Cali. \r\n Steve Mayer',1
'I will tell you I had an 'emergency c-section' (puhleese) with my first and when we were in the operating room and the disgusting money hungry doctor, who was in a hurry to go golfing, was slicing into my body to yank my poor baby out of my abdomen (I was awake BTW) I told my husband that if he even thought about looking over that sheet I would f*cking kill him. A c-section is very unnatural, and not how babies are supposed to be born!! I don't blame him for being turned off!! I WAS TURNED OFF BY IT!!! \r\n \r\nAs a side note, I learned a very valuable lesson from that experience...f*ck those greedy a$$ OB's, f*ck that disgusting, disease infested hospital, and f*ck all the lies we women are told to make us fear a very natural process (you know, birth). I had my remaining children at home with a midwife. It was awesome, and when birth is done right and natural, you know, no drugs but the ones your body produces naturally when it is allowed (oxcytocin), with caring and supportive assistance, it doesn't scare the men. Think about that really hard for a minute....',1
'Yes, I have worn them and I still do.  They are comfortable and warm and in my opinion a fashion statement. I will continue to wear mine until they wear out.',1
'Wait until the rebuilding starts and everyone of these unions have to have their hands in the cookie jar.\r\n \r\nReminds me of the Soprano's...',1
'EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  ​ EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  ​ EEEEEEEEEK',0
'I am 16 and I know a lot about politicts, I read a lot and like getting informed. But not everyone is and here in Argentina Cristina has a habbit of "mantener vagos" we call it, which means mantain lazy people, she loves to give other peolples money away and use public funds for herself and group of followers. I am 16 and I was born in california, ive been living in a rural town in Buenos Aires for 5 years now',1
'This kid was probably an occupier and refused the cops lawful order to move his hands with a soapy sponge over the cop car.  Pepper spray with family size canister and then Taze to correct incorrect anti-establishment thinking.',0
'Never... Once an Actor/Actress, Musician/Singer.... Come outs to endorse a party its almost a slap in their own face.... Money buys influence... They in turn have millions upon millions.... If a person allows themselves to be persuaded by a singers fame and then base their decision off of the singers decision, it shows a lack of character and strength within the person who allowed themselves to be persuaded...We all have our own opinions and beliefs.. Actors etc... Have also got to vote for their country.... It is best that they keep their beliefs to themselves though as they are hurting only themselves with their beliefs and their cause...... Look at Russell Crowe???? Everyone knows that once an actor stars in a Quinton Tarrantino film, that Actors carreer is now over..... Look at who he supported... He thinks Obama is the light and the future.... Obama's the darkness and the past.... Lucy Lui too....No one supports Hollywood anymore or the liberal media.... The media wont even do coverage on the Benghazi attacks.... No one in hollywood is speaking up over the attacks but are still talking about Obama.... I have made a vow to never support any person in hollywood who is for the destruction and affliction of my COUNTRY.... I once liked Madonna when I was like 8.... Then she went gay and so my support for her stopped....Hollywood  ​  is starting to get the picture as well about how Americans are feeling for them.... For the last 3 months, they have had the worst projected profits from Americans.... No one wants to watch their movies or listen to them anymore and its affecting their pockets.... Thats not such a bad thing.... Show your support for your country by not purchasing the things from Hollywood..... Hit them where it hurts the most.... Their pockets',0
'Only if it was free',1
'The Fiscal Cliff will be a total disaster for our economy if Romney by the ignorant citizens, like the ones that are members of the Tea Party and rich moron Republicans, put the Flip-Flpo of Romney in charge of the white House. The Cliff will materialized if Romney secures anothe large tax cut for the rich, and many cuts to the middle class tax deductios, that will not balance the Budget! Then Romney will continue doing what he knows best as a millionare, that is getting his associates in Congress to allow more jobs outsourcing to China, India, and Mexico!  \r\n     \r\n    The big news today Oct 13, 2012, is that another Company in Illinois making sensors (SENSATA) for automobiles was closed a week ago, all personnel terminated ( FIRED) with no jobs because the Company presently owned by Bain Corporation decided to make a larger much larger profit by outsourcing the Company to China.  All equipment and assembly line of sensors work is now quickly outsourced to China! This is the sickness that has been killing us, our economy, and our working force for the last fourteen years , as you know it all began with Bush, Mitt Romney and the Bain Corporation, and many other Large Corporations in the USA. We better stop outsourcing our work to other countries now or we will die as a powerful country! I can't believe we still have the courage to blame Obama for the problems of lack of jobs in our USA for the last four years. Just give the citizens a brake, and stop making more lies of why the economy does not make good progress, to include the perversity of Congress a snake nest of Tea Party, and Republican members opposing every Jobs Bills that Obama proposes.  You need to know that from 2000 to 2008, during the  Bush years, 8.3 million customers service, and assembly jobs have been outsource to China, India, and Mexico! Mitt, you are a lost cause; you change your mind every time you get out of bed. You are very dangerous to the American people because we do not know for sure what you are going to do if accidentally you become president, with your liar side kick Ryan, you will take many position dealing in foreign policy, and will prove to be a killer for us, like Iraq and Afghanistan terrible wars nightmare. Citizens wake up, vote for Obama president on November 6, 2012 or earlier!',0
'The thumb file came up and I was like... Miley's having sex with a uncorn? WTF?? I'd rather hear Jennette Mccurdy's music over hers.',1
'Emmm, I don't think they do it differently there. You usually only hear of that kind of stupidity in the US.',1
'Gee I thought  the people had been  listening to me all the time.',1
'The Simpsons Show  has been Stale for Years . The dwindling of young adults watching have been replaced by Kiddies ..who think the Roadrunner and Wiley Coyote are Real ...And May even Believe Joe Biden is is just a Cartoon..All be it a Badly Drawn one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'WHAT HAPPENED TO "HUGS NOT DRUGS"?',1
'I bet when they cracked open those caks someone got fired... They forgot to charcoal filter it!',1
'Sunčano u Kikindi !',1
'A selfish ho in a time of disaster , still the photos are bad the photographer may need to try diferent job , a tree cutting and landscaping is in demand for the pictures.',1
'How can anybody possibly be offended by a veteran in a WHEELCHAIR?',1
'thats the look of a man thats getting phone sex :P',1
'I would rather fill my fridge for $150.00 than wear some damn boots for 3 months out of the year. Really!!!',1
'Education should always be important to girls and women.  At the very least, they'll grow up to be smart enough not to date or marry a creep like you, Hossridr.',1
'There...',1
'Why the hell would you want one smaller than the normal iPad?  Wouldn't that just be an iPhone that doesn't make calls?',1
'You got thumbs up from all the guys right at the moment u mentioned "bikini contest" lol',1
'here is this Grey dork crying again.......... I cant wait until next week when Obama wins and we can get back on track. \r\nObama is moving the USA FORWARD, Romney wants to move us BACWARDS!!! think about it!!!',1
'Gee wonder who is lying, the local governments to the local media or everyone to the american public \r\n I have a friend who lives in Mississippi, her husband is a lineman for Mississippi Power, her husband called and told her the crews are all on their way home, after traveling over 1200 miles to NJ, because they are non union and not allowed to work. the MP crews were not redirected to other states as other non union crews were, that would allow them to assist in restoring power to all the folks still in the dark ..',1
'Should canceled Bloomberg next election also.',1
'The awfulness of both this movie and Nancy Grace is immeasurable...',1
'Your poor reasoning does not refute the actual science of global warming.',1
'It would be nice if they all die from a giant tree falling on them.',1
'I'm happy with my discover card.  I get cash back every year and pay no interest because I pay my card off every month with the money I didn't use when I charged something.  What a convenience.  It's not rocket science.  Only buy with your credit card what you would buy with cash and keep the cash to pay off the credit card bill when it arrives.  It may not be much, but I get $50 to $75 back every year just for using my card to pay for my gas, groceries, and an occasionally some clothes or other necessities.  I don't care about building credit history or anything else.  Just the convenience of being able to buy things without first having to go get the cash is enough for me and the cash back reward is just more gravy on top!  It's not the credit card company's  fault if people miss use their credit cards.  I never did get it I guess.  I mean why shouldn't I spend more than can I afford?  Am I missing something?  What financially competent person would do something like that?  Oh, maybe Americans!  After all, our education system is a joke, ranked some where like 17th in the world and routinely turns young people loose on the economy that are mathematically challenged and functionally illiterate!',1
'It ain't country no more...bluegrass style today is the country of yesterday.  Take a listen to Dailey & Vincent!!  We need to have radio stations that will play country music.',1
'Even many Republicans are willing to go back to the "Slick Willie" days....seems it was pretty good back then.',1
'The duo of Clarkson/ Gill stole the musical portion of the show...DAMN, that is one great tune!!! Other than Willie ( who REALLY needsw to retire) it was a bubble gum music and somewhat dissapointing.',1
'Enough to beat Mutromney, power broker extrordinare. Billionair. You think any of these politicians care about you? It's statis quo. The crooks of wall street now work for the government. Nice isn't it? No matter who is in power unless regulation of banks and wall street reappear you might as well call it the United States of Wall Street.',1
'A sane, trained man with a gun is a very effective tool against crime.  If more sane, trained people had guns, criminals would think twice about their dirty deeds.',1
'Oh please! "the white guy doesn't have a chance" song and dance makes me sick. Go to school if you don't like your lot in life! Learn to build better brdiges - fix newer cars - clean bigger windows - whatever.',1
'Why are men so bitter?  Women can be just as bitter because men expect to get laid if they pay for anything, including the 1st date it seems.  Back in the days when men married "down" women could not get jobs that paid anywhere compared to what the men got paid so yes of course the men married a woman and was expected to take care of her.  However, the woman was expected to maintain the home and children.  That sounds fair to me.  Today, women are able to do the same jobs as men although they still get paid less for the same job.  With the poor economy, it seems like women are being hired more often than more for higher paying jobs now, but maybe this is due to the company being able to pay less to hire the woman over the man.  Who knows?  Both sexes have the horrible stereotypes for a reason.  Yes, there are many freeloading women out there that just want a guy to pay for everything regardless if she makes good money or not.  And, there are the men out there that expect sex for anything they buy a woman, wanting her to stay at home with the kids while he is dipping into other goods.  But you cannot lump everyone into those stereotypes.  Fortunately, those traits are obvious in the first few dates.  In my experience, it seems like most men are intimidated and uncomfortable with women that have their **** together (good job, house, etc).  Dating is hard.',1
'viva Mount Boldie in all its glory...',1
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry. Talk about the real issues for once!',1
'" Yo, A d r i a n n n n n  .... Hey, I got some real special pets in there, c'mon, wanna come upstairs with me to see my turtles... Cuff and Link? "',1
'why should ladies shave again? I just can't seem to rememeber...oh yeah, so gentlemen will go down on them right? my bad, great reason...only thing is, they'll go down on you anyway if they're worth a damn. God we've become disgustingly superficial lol',0
'J bird is right but at least Coulter isn't pumping out units which is a solid toward humanity, could you imagine more than one Ann Coulter, I'm fighting back the vomit as I text !',1
'sucker trades: \r\n  \r\naa(BEST DOW STOCK) at 18 now 9 \r\nsell clf at 32 now 37 \r\nbuy clf at 44 now at 37 \r\nnyx(STOCK OF THE YEAR) at 93 now at 27 \r\n  \r\nPLEASR RESEARCH THIS HACK .....THE DISCLAIMER ON CNBC IS THERE FOR A VERY GOOD REASON',1
'Remember the lesson...DON'T believe everything you read!!!!',1
'Sorry but your post shows that your actually the one who's a sheeple..I bet you believed the Bush administrations "Official" report on 9/11 to and you probably think WMD's really are there and their just hiding them really well right?',1
'People are struggling on the East Coast and this is news being reported??',1
'" Shyt is in disaray, wtf is new?"',1
'This story is BS',0
'Single mom of how many with a 140.00 bill?  That was just plain MEAN, and she should be ashamed of herself.  Don't hide behind the 'single mom' crap if you're going to drop a c-note plus on one meal.  She could have fed a family of four for a week on that much money.',1
'There are responsible people who never planned on financial suicide but nevertheless impacted financially due to the poor economy.  Stop running up the nations debt Obama.....parts of this article applies to our government as well as individuals.  Let's help our nation, and children, get out of debt by voting Obama out of office.  And, stop the government pension plans....they can contribute to a 401K like the rest of us who work in the private sector.  \r\n \r\nI can hear Obama now yelling to me: "Give me mo money cracka!"',0
'After the hyper-storm years or 04' & 05', the weather channel had a special program called "What If?" It chronicled a 'what if' storm event to impact New York City. Anyone remember that ? Kind of scary now that this prediction is a reality . To say, "oh-it's just a cat 1, it won't be bad" is fools thinking. Hurricane Wilma in 05' was a cat 1 and flooded 60 % of Key West, and the Keys, half of South Florida (some were miles from any coast line) & knocked power out for day's on end everywhere here. This storm, Sandy, was a wake up call for anyone living near our coast lines (West coast too).',1
'THERE ARE LIES,,,,,,,,DAMMED LIES,,,,,,,,,AND STATISTICS',0
'eat your mama son.',1
'Definitely no big deal.  I'm surprised how many people in here had their day ruined by an attractive woman posing after a storm.',1
'This happens way too often at the shelters--education and training the staff goes a long way. So does just being organized and checking the paperwork and file more than once.  Can they read? This is inexcusable.  So sad, so very sad. It didn't have to happen if the people responsible just did their job  and checked and read the paper work,   You don't just euthanize a dog..you check the papers a couple of times and the file... and then you re-check it again....wonder if they were on cell phones or texting?  In a hurry?  \r\n I would be terminating employees right now. Starting at the top.  No apology or substitute dog can take the place of this little guy---I feel for the family-how sad, only 3 years old....',1
'If you don't care why did you read the article and take the time to post? Honestly, every post of yours I read is dumber than the one before it. Keep it up kid :)',1
'Chocula',1
'"Mr. Smithers is not be happy this!" What the L does that mean? Is that some kind of Yoda-Speak?',1
'However, I don't think kids should be encouraged or discouraged from hugging because as I said, some people are huggers and some people are not.',1
'Priceless! especially the one about good marksmanship is appreciated.',1
'I would like to buy a vowel Alex.',0
'To me it says, "If you people are stupid enough to vote for Mitt Romney there's no fixing stupid!!"',1
'Got to agree with foofoo and 63, the best ways to beat tickets are to not get them in the first place. It's not hard to avoid driving illegally, unless you're all too devoid of decent social behavior from putting too much emphasis on getting to point B in a big hurry. I don't like taking forever getting some place either. But I practice good respectful driving, to other drivers and to road law. It's not rocket science, but it does take some behavioral modification for some people to adjust their agendas to include safe respectful driving. How you drive reflects greatly on how you treat other people in general. If you're rude in general, you'll be an ahole on the road too. Get off the road.',1
'4 dead in Bengazi...where's the coverage?  Apparently the buck stops nowhere unless it's good news!',1
'Brooks' integration of rock elements into his recordings and live performances has earned him immense popularity.',1
'A Marine in a tutu?  That's Obama's military for ya!',1
'Would like to have a pair, but they are RiDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE, I saw a pair of Ugg slippers I would like but at $108 thats crazy, they only way they are worth it is if they are made in the USA.',1
'I love it when a Woman  "he tells me how to spend my money". It seems in a woman's world my earnings are ours but her earnings are hers.',1
'Hehehehehe... I brew my own!  Apple anyone?',0
'Not all unions!  You people need to get over yourselves.  I can only hope when you get hurt, you will not need a union to get your employer to pay you while you were out.  SFB.....always blame the union.....try blaming the media for only showing part of the story.',1
'Why would he do such?? That is such a ridiculous stunt, fool. \r\nThe strangest thing I've received for Halloween has been nothing, because back in my trick or treating days, we had less nonsensical people roaming.',0
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'once and again you said dont spew what you don't know. Rhianna said it herself that nobody knows what happened and that media and people like yourself have taken it farther than it needed to go. Media hype can make a lot of thing worse and if you really look at that pic, she wasnt in as bad a shape as the media portrayed. Most of the puffiness was from crying.  She said in a RECENT interview that Chris was battered as well, but chose to not pursue charges. Stop judging, for his sin is no greater than yours. read your bible.',1
'Hippie wierdo !',1
'Ugh... why do we have to marry up or down?  Can't it be enough that I actually LIKE my husband??? My husband does not have a college education but he has a job that he LOVES and he's an all around cheerful guy!  Try dating someone who hate his jobs and then comes home every day depressed and miserable.  I love that my husband doesn't blame the world for his problems and doesn't wait for someone else to bring him the perfect job or solutions.  My ex and my sister are like that and they are just constantly running the same hamster wheel everyday, going nowhere.',1
'We d/k if they had to sue everyone-church, mfr and insurance company. And, think of the ridiculous undistributed wealth of the Vatican. \r\n  \r\nWhen it all comes down, they can settle or get a verdict and then not pursue the percentage, if any, attributed to the church-who knows how this will pan out. \r\n  \r\nMy church is very modest and spends money on helping but who knows what happened here so I am not anti-churches.',1
'it is unions, if it was because they were not employees that is easy to fix, don't paint crap blue and call it a flower',1
'He's thinking of his tryst with Barney Frank the night before.',1
'Sounds distinctly like discrimination against male post partum depression.',1
'I can't really say what i would do, but my family and i would be crushed because our animals are family members, not just pets. It would be an extremely sad time for us.',1
'We're still drinking, I mean thinking about that!',1
'Is this supposed to be an excuse or justification??!!  Unless she was being paid under tha table,,or was illegally here in the country,  she's free to turn down the extra work',1
'Country music has slowly died. Last night's show was nothing more than pop singers. Miranda jumping around on stage and screaming her stupid song,,,,,,just ridiculous! I miss the days of Loretta Lynn, Reba, Tanya Tucker, George Strait, Dolly Parton and Waylon Jennings.\r\n\r\nLast night's performances were just crap. Faith Hill needs to realize, that her time is over. She sounded terrible and looked emaciated!\r\n\r\nWon't watch next year......',1
'yer kiddin'!!',1
'On another note I don't see any problems with weed.',1
'Chuck Him!.\r\nFarley He's Not Mucking Fuch.',1
'As the old saying goes, "it ain't country, if country isn't there"! and it sure wasn't there!!  Put these singers in their own category, but not in country... they don't belong there!!  How would rap or any other category take it if "our country" were played in their category and considered rap or whatever?  Nada, no, out the door we would go!!!!  Come on Nashville...you can do much better than that!!',1
'Damn you Tog...bleeding heart liberal.  Ha ha...',1
'Lame, lame, lame.',1
'Hey MSN, where are these articles??? \r\n \r\nHere’s CBS’ latest release on Benghazi,       NOT FROM FOX; \r\n   "CBS News has released a clip of an interview by Steve Kroft of 60 Minutes on Sep. 12 with President Barack Obama that indicates Obama knew the assault on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya was a premeditated terror attack–and suggests the White House later deceived the public by blaming protests against an anti-Islam video. CBS chose not to air the clip for over a month–but did air Obama’s attack on Romney that same night." \r\n  \r\n    "CBS News has learned that during the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. Mission in Benghazi, the Obama Administration did not convene its top interagency counterterrorism resource: the Counterterrorism Security Group, (CSG). \r\n   The CSG is the one group that’s supposed to know what resources every agency has. They know of multiple options and have the ability to coordinate counterterrorism assets across all the agencies,” a high-ranking government official told CBS News. “They were not allowed to do their job. They were not called upon.“',0
'I grew up in Germany, where hedgehogs are common.',1
'Be sure that your spouse is your best friend and treat them with love, kindness and respect.  Communication is key.  Another very important key is laughter.  Laugh often!',1
'Obama:  "Obama envisions a $4 trillion bipartisan "grand bargain" of entitlement and tax reforms, spending cuts and tax increases on the wealthiest Americans to solve the country's long-term debt problem while averting a jarring year-end panoply of expiring tax cuts and defense and domestic spending reductions totaling $607 billion. Obama's last bid for a "grand bargain" was his failed secret talks with House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, that collapsed in recriminations." \r\n  \r\nRomney: " Romney is dismissive of grand bargains and opposes tax hikes on the wealthy. He says that if elected, he wants Congress and Obama to delay any permanent solutions until after the inauguration in late January, and has suggested he would be open to fixing the problem with a series of separate bills." \r\n  \r\nObama at least has an approach.  Romney is just p*$$ing in the wind.',1
'Turn the TV on and all you see are photos of NY. Why would anyone care if this guys takes photos too?',1
'contributing to a minor',1
'Romney will only win if he becomes human by next week....Good luck with that....',1
'Why are so many people saying sue the Dept.?  They had nothing to do with this idiotic officer's decision.  Don't sue at all, make the officer pay for all current and future medical expenses.',1
'Did the reporter work for FOX NEWS???',1
'No, the Reagan formula used was the same as the Carter admin.     If that formula was in use TODAY  unemployment would be around 22%.',1
'WoW the life of a Ghetto Skank. That will be a hard stretch over just three episode's  !. Birth of a ghetto hoe. 2. Training on how to Hoe love by her father/ grandfather. 3. See money and fame not change her inner Hoe. Toss in her  jumping de broom with one of Mike Vicks pit bulls, including a consummation of marriage tape "Leaked" to the press. Just go's to show a dog will eat a can of ALPO no matter filthy and crusty the Hoe bowl.',1
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',0
'Not really, since women commit just as many acts of dometic violence, if not more, than men.  But the feminists don't want you to know that, so they make up statistics and whitewash it by saying that a woman can't "really" hurt a man.\r\n \r\nHere's a clue:  If you're in a relationship, and you strike, belittle, or threaten your partner in any way, you are an abuser.  If you restrict their social contacts, or deny them contact with others outside of the relationship, you are an abuser.  If you deny or restrict access to the family funds, you are an abuser.  If you destroy their personal property, or file false reports agaist them, or deny them access to their children without a written court order, you are an abuser.  \r\n \r\nIt isn't a one way street, and as soon as this country quits granting special privileges based on gender and starts prosecuting all criminals equally, regardless of sex, the better off everyone will be.',1
'"Put down the camera, put on some sweats and offer a helping hand to the victims instead of being so selfish and self centered." - Well Said!',1
'Nope, but I arrested a guy for possessing a synthetic LSD substance he tried to tell us was legal because it wasn't on the Schedule of Drugs.',1
'No they are not.  Most officers I know are against stupid gun-control laws.  I personally teach the CCW classes to civilians in my state. \r\n The NRA has a special division devoted entirely to supporting Law Enforcement.   \r\n It is only the Chief's of Police (a political job appointed by the liberal mayors) that "endorse" gun control legislation. \r\n Do some research before you spout.',0
'may the force be with us.\r\n hope they don't eff it up.\r\ndarth and company sure looked like they had fun though!!',1
'YOUR LIFE HAS TO TRULY SUCK IF YOU THUMBS DOWN PEOPLE OFFERING PRAYERS TO OTHER PEOPLE THAT ARE HURTING. YOU MUST BE A TRUE JOY TO BE AROUND.',0
'I have never paid full price for mine.  I got both pairs of mine for $50 at Nordstrom Rack/TJ Maxx  about 2 years ago.  I live in them November- February during Midwest Wintertime.  I love them!!',1
'who cares, I've got my retirement.',1
'Never been high and never wanted to be huh? Probably haven't ever been laid either, but I'm sure you did want to do that!',1
'"Economy? Hell if I know."',1
'Got an idea!!! Next school day lets have every student group hug just after the last bell rings. So staff has to punish the entire student body. Good for abusive parents tho, beat and bruise your kid and blame it on hug related  injuries sustained in school . I smell an out of court settlement..',1
'I have President Obama wining the Electoral College   332 min ,    347 max  \r\n Poplar Vote    53 to 55%   President Obama....',1
'I have been to Montreal a dozen times and your photos just don't do it justice.  It is an incredibly beautiful city with charm, character and a decided European flavor. People are friendly and helpful.  Now if they could just do something about the cold weather.....',1
'Nope - I never found the quality/durability worth the cost.  I am from an area that actually gets snow & i can't imagine how quickly water would ruin them!  I will be glad for the "fad" to be over!',1
'Bee Jays for everyone!',1
'Its so obvious you are a Republican and  Mitt Romney supporter.',0
'Women are good for one thing and one thing only and I finally figured out how to turn on the stove.  Otherwise women are bitchy, ungrateful, annoying and generally useless.  Unless there are some dirty dishes laying around - or a group of men having fun.  They will put a stop to that with just a glare.',1
'I think that it might be due to the fact she is connecting another letter to the O when she writes it in cursive but like I said, I'm no expert. It's always fun to play detective though. .',1
'Because the article is not completely false.  In fact the article is more true than not.  The Decatur company was given forms to fill out associating its employees with the union.  Until the forms were completed, the workers were prevented from working.  Not "Turned-Away" in a literal sense, though definitely hindered, if not outright prevented from doing work.  The inculsion of "Joe Wheeler" was the only real falsehood.  The use of the term "Turned-Away" is simply semantics, not true vs false.',1
'NO but i hope his BIG FAT RACIST NO TALENT BUTT GOES TO JAIL\r\nAND BUBBA MAKES HIM HIS BFRIEND!',0
'I'm originally  from Australia and  started wearing UGG's in the Summer "72" when we moved to Cottesloe Beach (Surfies always wore them) they kept your feet cool and stopped them  from sweating in the heat, you can still get them at the woolstores and surf shops $50-$100 for no embellishing calf height or the ankle sizes around $30.  This is pure Merino Wool, which is what they were originally made with.  They will always be part of Australia and the surf culture.',1
'No wonder kids are so mean.  They aren't allow to show affection or friendship by hugging someone.  But then there is a lot of bullying going on, and they do nothing about it.  Kids don't know how to be affectionate, because of a few adults, that think it is wrong to show affection to another human being.  It's no wonder we have so many mean kids in the world today!!!!',1
'It’s just plain greed.  The unions are not willing to share the Government money they know is coming.  And because of the scale of the problems there will be a lot of overtime.  They are only looking after themselves and their pockets.',1
'My heart goes out to this family for their loss.  A free adoption would never begin to repair the damage done by such unprofessionalism and obvious carelessness.  Word should be put out around that area so that others are aware of the dangers of taking their pets to that vet.   My boys, ages 12, 8 & 1, are never left overnight at my vet.  Of course, they are a small town clinic, so I don't expect this would happen.',1
'BStacy you are so right in your assessment.  Men no longer feel they have to either support their wives or theirchildren and fewer and fewer men have goals.  Women are certainly lowering their standards in marrying these men.',1
'To Feed The Troll;\r\nAnd what is your biggest achievment? Sitting behind your computor tearing apart a woman who accomplished what she did? I guess it makes you feel better about being the failure you are by trying to bring her down. Loser! And to Susan, congrats on your accomplishments. I hope you don't take to heart what that moron said.',1
'Jeremiah, I understand, but in order to make the PD ride herd on idiots like this, you need to make them hurt a bit. All we have as recourse is suing. Unfortunately.',1
'hell yes, that comes to $ 500,000 per swipe with a razor',1
'My sister belonged to the morman church for awhile, she left because there were only pictures of Joseph smith, where was jesus?      .I don't know if this is true or not, but it is said that if you obey all the rules of the morman church, you get your own planet when you die.  I have always, and always  will,  believe in God but I can never believe in organized religion,  I have seen too much bull come out of it.   As for huckabee, that rminds me of being dragged to  hypocrite churches when I was a child.   Man! the republicans are getting desperate.',1
'Creeper^.....and no she looks like something that crawled off the set of Jersey Shore to be honest. Would be much more attractive without the "fake bake".',1
'What employer matching funds?... It seems that rarely it's done now... In fact it seems that they're just hiring contract, who don't one get no benefits.',1
'NO AND HELL NO !! IF THEY CAN FIND THE ABUSER THAN THEY MUST DO REAL TIME IN JAIL FOR THIS CRIME !!!!!! lOOK AT THIS POOR BOYS FACE .THANK GOD HE HAS A CHANCE AT LIFE NOW .',1
'Consumer confidence ? Unemployment at 22% and climbing if you dont rig the numbers ! 10 million homes in the 5 big Banks shadow inventory !   3 million homes in some stage of default or foreclosure ! But yes consumer confidence is on the rise the recovery is happening right in front of our eyes ? HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO WALL STREET= YOUR( TO BIG TO FAIL)=ABOVE THE LAW',1
'If TOG is a moderate...what does that make Obama? Karl Marx + Joseph Stalin + \r\n Nikita Khrushchev',1
'Gees Eddie you can't write nor spell worth a **** !',1
'This wasn't directed at you 2.....I think we all know who I'm talking about:)',1
'Sure, a cartoon supporting a cartoon----or a comedy act.',1
'You are an idiot. You consider CD theft a "serious crime" and a DUI is not? You shouldn't even have a car, let alone a license.',1
'Heaven forbid you run off road into a canal or something.',1
'NOT to worry, stric....soon enough Jeffy's Koch Certificates will expire, just like his trash talking orifice(s).',1
'It's called GREED, it's rampet, THE ONLY THING PEOPLE CARE ABOUT IS MONEY AND THEY WILL DO "ANYTHING" TO GET IT, ANYTHING!!!',1
'Whatever--you know where you can take it you POSER~! You were one part of FOUR and IMO that makes you a POSER when you try and tour as the Beach Boys. From the days you were humping on Paul and John's leg back in the day in India until now you have been an "also ran." NEVER had a tenth the talent of Brian or Carl let alone the Fab Four...all this proves is you had the better lawyer. You missed the WHOLE POINT of what made those tunes great. Legal and PHYSICAL intimidation only go so far--the people KNOW whats what and no matter where you stage your next photo-op (borrowed house et al) IT STILL MAKES YOU A POSER! What did they do...move your mike a foot the wrong way? Too many brown M&Ms???You are a living tribute to what killed the music: greed, lawyers and delusions of grandeur. Will never buy anything YOU are on and WILL BUY everything or ANYTHING Brian puts out. Save your ill-gotten gains for some hair or maybe session players to approximate the BBs sound...someone will buy without reading the liner notes. Don't forget the disclaimor that your lawyer asks for! LOL I agree with RnR Johnny: "BOYCOTT THE SHOWS"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!! Brian and AL should go on tour and without this HACK-POSER!!!',1
'Great looking brazil model with amazing body but wrong timing and location. \r\n  \r\nthis is her training in nyc :',1
'well said FBanks...my question is...how do you know what pee tastes like?   HMMM?  It's still true...people generally speak to that which they know ...  anything else you care to share your professional "taste" on??  I can't wait...!',1
'It's all about the Attention they will do and say anything to stay relevant that's apart of fame!!! It's a game for them',1
'"Hey Moochelle, start packing, we be goin back to Chicago."',0
'Family, church, animal shelter, food for the poor and a new house for me',1
'Hahahahaha.  What an idiot waitress.',1
'Nothing like having a bitch with a pHd sucking my dick!....keep studying ladies.',0
'Yes-sir-ree, BOB!!!  He, Barack Insane Obama, SHOW-lee prefers 'Lee" to Elizabeth!!!  Gonna vote "Lee" & "Bam-booty" outta OUR White House "tooty-fruity!!!"  ***LOL***\r\nALL will .... WILL be conservatively SWELL by Jan. 2013.  God bless OUR country!!!!!!!\r\n(*_*) & <:3)  <---- BIG nose KNOWS & God IS ALWAYS good!!!  Bite me you ... YOU ignorant &/or stupid liberal, socialist, progressive, "Mark-ists!!!"  <0:3)  [angel - - out]',1
'Believe it not, Patty.....There was an article over on the other page where opinions ran 100 to 1 against RoMoney.  16 pages of opinions.   Good luck, dude.',1
'I never want to think that such a moron & a bully is to whom my safety or that of my neighbors is entrusted. He should be terminated immediately and without any of the benefits the deserving public servants get. I took a pepper spray class  ( as was required by LAPD to carry it)years ago that provided me with more caution and knowledge about that than this trained, armed officer demonstrated. That it happened to a child makes it that much more frightening.',1
'Actually to any negative pundits,I have 5 children.Four daughters and one son now it's not 19 but still enough for me thank you very much.',1
'You can call me anything you want but DONT EVER CALL ME A DEMOCRAT, and the only thing I would support for Obama is the door to the White House on his way out..',0
'on another note...Women can now stop making money from men. Child support laws need to be changed. too many women sleep around, getting pregnant on purpose to draw child support checks. I don't believe any woman should be entitled to child support unless she was married to the guy. Legally speaking, without a marriage contract, the guy never said he would support a woman in any way if he slept with a woman and got her pregant. If I were a guy, I would fight to change these child support laws!!!',1
'@ Rick newman   Really is that really what you believe.',1
'"We are being manipulated by the media and the government. " \r\n hahahahahahaha  \r\n turn on FOX then  \r\n hahahahahahahah',1
'PLEASE....DON'T DO DRUGS!!!',1
'What a slap in the face to all of these victims whom have lost their homes. This model has no sense at all! The photographer has no clue about photography either.',1
'Monthly!!',1
'Cowboy Troy',1
'That's OK, my Czars will handle it all!',1
'You Betcha!',0
'The nerve!',1
'What a rude, ignorant woman. If you are a single parent, why on earth would you spend so much money on one meal??? I could feed my family-and they like to eat-some delicious meals and snacks with what this cheap tipping foolish woman  spent on one meal. RIDICULOUS! I don't even care that she was a single mom, the point is she doesn't make wise choices. Maybe her man left because she can't cook-ha ha ha.',1
'Hey Maggs...It looks like your stalker is copying and pasting the same message...What's going on???',1
'Do plumbers get paid $80k a year and provide me with an extremely fulfilling and comfortable life before the age of 30?  Haters just don't understand, but hate-filled jealousy...',1
'slipped with... honesty????',1
'Now she never will get the horney perv off of her.',0
'The only jerk here is you myownpinhead.',1
'Quote "he doesnt have a leg to stand on in this case"..I would argue the opposite since only one leg was amputated he has a perfectly good one to stand on. That besides he should be grateful that god did not take a rib to cure his wife (or an arm). These types of medical procedures usually cost an arm and a leg. He's still got two arms.',1
'If a woman who makes good, chooses a guy who earns less -- she is going to be in it for the sex,  Idon't think she should marry the guy.  Just go for the ride and make it last for as long as it s enjoyable and it feels like love,  then when it sours end it and don't look back, unless the woman is one of those who thinks she can change him...she needs to be ready for another disappointment',1
'Oh it really is a person???? I thought she was a clown all this time. What a losa.',1
'not my fault these numb numbs voted for me...',1
'Why would the truth matter when you can make political capital out of something?  If it is on the internet it must be true.',1
'Left over from Dubya, the only President so dumb he had to sign his name with an\r\n"X" before he changed it to "W".  The only ones dumber were the ones voting for him....Twice.  Never learn do you?  A Romoney vote is a vote for a Third Bush term. \r\nTell me you cannot be that moronic!',1
'"Remington, Savage, Ruger arms................  ​ ..........I'm calling to ask for a donation since your industry is the only one I've helped in the last four years"',1
'This was the funniest story all day! \r\n \r\nAnd idiots, read the 'story' before posting, the belly bump was part of the costume...scary how many thumbs up were given to the commenter (leslie helton and others) chastising pregnant women for drinking...sheesh, if I could count I'd say like 200+ idiots?',1
'well Barney just used his only bullet so it won't happen again',1
'I honestly dont like the memes that have to do with babies. I dont find them cute or funny.',1
'Quote from 'Taken'.  I LOVE IT!',1
'50 Deaths? Where do you get your news? NYTimes says 40.  \r\n Thank you for your post. There is nothing to be gained from reading responses on msn, I know this from past experience. (past-not passed btw). I get sucked into the time wasting. your post reminded me that I have actual things to be doing and to go and do them and quite reading all of the posting crap by other people who seem to have momentarily forgotten the real world. Thanks for pulling me back!! I appreciate it.',1
'Such a non-talent...who decided she was a star?',1
'What would I have done?  Shoved the dye pack up his butt and give him a good hard kick.',1
'My Duncan (Scottish fold) really was lot cuiter.  He would fall asleep sitting up and eventually end up with his head between his legs on the floor snoring.',1
'That's the truth !!! After these storms, unless you have good relations with your neighbors, you're on your own.',1
'she does',1
'Hey grasshopper, will GM be able to pay back the $50billion Obummer gave to the United Auto Worker's union in GM's name?  Will GM or the UAL or Obummer ever restore the Billions of pension dollars lost by retired people when the GM bonds were devalued?  Probably not because that would require Obummer to admit he made a colossal mistake, and Obummer never accepts criticism nor admits mistakes !',1
'SHAVING OR WAXING IS NOT THE POINT IT'S JUST GOOD HYGIENE ANYWAY',1
'Where did you get your stats from????  Fox???....If so...SAVE IT!',1
'There will be a wind advisiory come nov. 6 when willard takes tn. in a loosing attempt to take the state!',1
'Communication and willingness compromise',1
'OUR GOD IS A MERCIFUL GOD',1
'Good one.lol',1
'I've given 10% or even 5% for extra bad service.  I've received a salad with about 1/4 ince of icewater in the bottom,(servers dish out the salads).  I've ordered a country fried steak and received 2 plain grilled chicken breasts, with the server saying she wrote down the correct order, but accidently marked the wrong box for the kitchen.  She actually showed me the pad.  I ordered a patty melt and got a ham and egg melt.  The server told me she always gave people that who ordered a patty melt because "that's what they really want".  \r\n  \r\nI've given up to 25% + for excellent service.  I've even emailed the restaurant's home office praising several servers.  And I've seen parents with children make a HUGE mess and then stiff the servers.  I usually give a little extra then, if we share the same server  Was this $140 fpr ONE diner?  Did she have the kids with her?',1
'F*ck your mother like the rest of us...',1
'Exactly like that!',1
'This happens WAY too often, and people responsible always have the nerve to give a "too bad, so sad" attitude. We need more regulation on animal shelters and more animal laws in general. Those of us who share our homes with furballs do not have pets; we have more family members.',1
'Looks like a  picture of his old Choom gang days',1
'This is one of the things I have been saying all along, we cannot have a man in the highest station Who does not think before he acts. americas rep is already tarnished enough by the last GOP idiot with footinmouth disease.',1
'I have a "OLD" 2002 Pontiac Bonneville thats get 32 MPG and you want to brag about a "NEW" kia. Old American cars get better mileage than new foreign. But the Korens thank you for helping them out.',1
'I wouldn't have chosen the back drop she chose, but, she is pretty.',1
'they don't even bring the beans into hershey anymore. it comes in on rail in the form of liqure  \r\n this has been this way for the last 7 years. for the question about mexico plants. \r\n hershey has plants allover. \r\n the chocolate the gets made in PA usually is not sold locally. The plant in CA may sell to mexico. \r\n as for them buying from a country that holds kids at gun point. don't really have much to say about it. the government allows us to buy from asian markets that use children to produce a product.',1
'Halloween is for kids, adults act like idiots, drink too much, get into trouble and generally make a mess out of a occasion that is suppose to be fun and festive.',1
'Whoops!  I'm sorry.  George H Bush was also Phi Beta Kappa along with Bill Clinton.  A total of 17 U.S. Presidents and 7 of the 9 current U.S. Supreme Court Justices where Phi Beta Kappa scholars.  Sorry for the error!',1
'I know its not a true scentific survey but I have only met one woman that hasn't gotten out of a ticket once in her life and she had received only one ticket. This question has ben posed to 100's of women thru work, friendships, relationships, etc. Of my male friend group of 50+ friends asked. 2 out of the 50 have gotten out of tickets. One registration and one speeding. So true its a small sample but Gary speaks the truth in my world. Even page said "I can count on one hand".....well 48 of my 50 male friends including myself could count on zero hands. And my 2 lucky friends can count on one finger. We are in Southern California btw.',1
'You are a freaking moron. If you don't like the way they figure UE take it up with Reagan he came up with the formula. MORON!!!!',1
'The ones pictured are hideous, but Uggs in general are cute.',0
'No. I have no clue who they are. But this is very sad, regardless. Life is so fragile.',1
'Speaking as someone who comes from Ghana, I cannot say I am angry with Hershey or any other chocolate producer at all. Have any of these people involved in filing suit against Hershey ever been to a farm in a developing country? Most farms in developing countries are small scale and family owned. Adults in the family pass on the farming skills to the younger generation by involving them in the daily farming activities. Schools are not as readily accessible as in developed countries. I am not making excuses for Hershey but it would be extremely difficult for Hershey to find different sources of cocoa from commercial farms in such high quantities as it takes years for cocoa trees to grow to maturity. As the article said, 70% of all cocoa is grown in Ghana and the Ivory Coast and I am sure it is not that easy to find new sources even from significant producers like Brazil and Indonesia who slash and burn rainforests to cultivate cocoa plantations, which is not good for the environment. Also, small scale cocoa farmers would have to change their practices which will require monitoring and training which would most likely increase the price of cocoa. Are you all willing to pay more for your chocolate, even though most chocolate these days only contains a small amount of actual cocoa? Changing practices for these farmers would also require a change in culture which we all know does not happen overnight especially to illiterate people. If Hershey thinks by 2020 the cocoa it plans to purchase will be certified, I think we should give them a chance to pursue that goal.',0
'Do not depend on FEMA or the government   ie.  Taxpayers',1
'i stoped going to fastfood places years ago, the whopper is now half the size that it used to be, remember it takes two hands to handle a whopper? this is no longer true, they easily fit in one hand. big macs are not big anymore, a large pizza hut pizza is now what a medium was. food items are getting smaller at twice the price, when is the last time you saw a 16 oz box or bag of anything, its now 10 oz, less product more money it's the american way',1
'servers make minimum wage.  if they don't make it in tips, the company has to pay the difference',1
'I own Hershey stock but cannot eat any chocoate because it contains the prime kidney stone chemical calcium oxylate.  (The rate of kidney stone cases has about tripled in the last decade, possibly due to the jump in chocolate eating by Americans.)  Milton was a good guy, and that's what made me buy HSY stock.  And, hand chocolate out last night on Halloween.  And I own oil stock, which doesn't stop me from gagging at every BP ad!   I should have put a casket on my front lawn with Milton Hershey rolling over in it!',0
'Yeah, he's certainly nothing to write home about... or leave your phone behind over.  LOL',1
'I just dawned on me that the only one of those shows I ever saw was "Glee" and then I had to dash to the E.R. for insulin. It should be simply renamed "Gay" but it's probably too gay for Broadway. Totally agree with the writer: flush them all then have the TV producers watch ShowTime, HBO, and BBC-America to see how to write decent programming.',1
'Yes, that's my address. I'm sure that you and every other internet tough guy is too much of a coward to do anything about it. seeing as I gave you my address and you are going to do nothing but spam boards with it.....I think that shows everyone what you are made of. LOL',1
'I enjoy getting free samples and rebates. I use refund world magazine. There are lots of free gift and cash rebates listed.',0
'Does anyone notice that there are three different styles of handwriting  on this receipt?  I say this 'story' is a fake, maybe started by the restaurant because fewer people are eating out and what better way to generate higher tips than with outrage or sympathy?',1
'My "contract" is my skills and work ethic.  I don't need a union, or a representative to take from me, and give to low-lifes!!  I played that game once; "never again!!"',1
'Their prediction was very vague.  There had already been a terrorist attack on the trade center in 1993 and there was talk in the news that it would happen again and at least a one or two people who were NOT psychic who predicted a plane would be flown into the WTC - which is more detail than the twins gave.  I think if you give non-specific predictions like this, you're bound to get a few hits.',1
'Thats becuase Romney actually wants the country to succeed.',1
'So,i see the preachers ex boy friend is still upset over there break up! LOL!',1
'Lawsuit, lawsuit...',1
'More cheap China made electronics junk!',0
'I have the New Optima and drove from Central New Jersey to Baltimore and averaged 32 mpg. Not bad know matter how you slice and dice it!!!!!! If you want the truth they all lie about there mpg. \r\nI had a Chrysler that said 25 mpg and I was lucky to 18 to 19!',1
'I am a cop.   The only way you are getting off, is if you get me off.  ****s will reduce the speed you were going, if you swallow, you just get a warning.  If we go all the way, you can rob a bank and I will look the other way....',1
'Lets vote for Obama just because he's black. We're smart like that.',1
'Another fine example of the unabated dumbing down of societies world wide.  Ted Turner was right.',1
'LOL..didn't even know this existed, until I saw it here.',1
'Demonstates how ridiculously self serving a bunch of millionaire Red Necks can be when in large numbers on a week night.',1
'For something so close to the truth it is hilarious.',1
'Cha-Ching $$$$$.... Gonna be the richest beaner in the valley!',0
'Ow sh!t I’m getting evicted next week OW well where is my dubby',1
'This is bad advice that could turn a ticket into a felony, as in many states it is illegal to record a police officer, particularly without his or her knowledge and permission.  NOT a good idea at all.',1
'it's a trend that escaped me somehow.',1
'Worst part is that you consider this news and give them publicity and post their photos. No one would have ever seen them otherwise.',1
'Free medicine, free check ups under Obamacare?  Nope, nothing is free.  Someone is paying for that.',1
'Global warming is what will happen to New York in May next year.',1
'Yummy is right. :) We would all be naked and hungry if we didn't import so much from these backward countries.',1
'Entertaining, as usual, but I'm sure the repubs will turn Biden into a Democratic traitor.',1
'Now you know what some women have been going through. Sucks, huh?',1
'Hey Thumbs....AKA  (Popa G) must be your hillbilly Drag Queen name....I am so glad that you have come out of the closet....All this time I thought you were schizophrenic......!  ​',1
'Yup hadn't checked the latest toll of deceased, because of Hurricane Sandy...Since fairly early this A.M. or quiet late last night...?\r\nI'm sure it is going up by the hour...?? And don't even know if they have a handle on the missing?\r\nOn very large populations it takes several hours and days to determine any/all that may be unaccounted for....And then you have crimes like murders, using the disaster to cover it up...\r\n \r\nSo we wait a long time to know all the totals..',1
'Does it look like I care????',1
'Companies would rather deal with unions over the court system',1
'Seeing here that many people like these boots, it seems to me that maybe ugg needs to change their marketing strategy.  Get rid of the metallic look and change to other environmental colors or even pastel, but try something new and different.  Just maybe they need to change their demographics.',1
'@ Spigot, we've had a few shark attacks close to where I live. We still go out in the surf though. If I think about it too much it does make me a bit nervous. Guess we're a bit goofy. :)',0
'I haven't trusted anything affiliated with the government in 40 years !',1
'I worry about jellyfish or other creatures that sting, while just wading in the shallow water.  If I went swimming in the ocean, I would definately worry about sharks!  In fact I wouldn't go out in the water because the risk is too great, as all these kinds of stories prove. It is foolish and doesn't show respect for life when someone ignores the reality of dangerous activities, especially unnecessary ones.  (Surfing is not necessary like driving to work is (because you may think, "so is driving a car, you could crash and die").',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'why dose the national guard take tankers into these areas where they need fuel and food and get it to the people who need it right now. now that would be a plan.i see these gas stations with no gas national guard get the tankers to the staions. lets get jersey and new york back on there feet',1
'Petition for Dissolution of Marriage.',1
'i loved all of those twenty pictures of the cat he is showing off for the world to see how cute he is.',1
'Instead of trying to work this out Obama insisted sequestration happens after the election so he would not have to pay the political price.  While Obama campaigned and ignore this issue businesses made plans to protect next years revenues and pull back expansion, etc. for next year.  The cake is baked for Q1 and Q2 to be very slow GDP.  Obama has yet again fallen asleep at the switch.',1
'What will I do if I lose Air Force One?  I can't wear my leather pilot's jacket with "Air Force One" on it and show off "Bonkers Obama, Commander in chief."  Ladies and gentlemen, I don't think we have much to choose from in this presidential election.  But, don't worry little Abi, it isn't really us who elect a president anyway, it is the electorial college.  I think the best solution is to VOTE AGAINST ALL INCUMBENTS, local to national level.  Shake 'em up!  It might help in the next four years.',1
'Like Intervention this more about exposing there issues and trying to treat them for it.',1
'I don't know where to begin but you're a moron. It causes no harm to the turtle as there are no veins or nerve endings in the shell. Carving names and dates in turtle shells has been done for 400 years. It's not like this kid was going around and carving up his dog.\r\n\r\nI hope you choke on all that cum you swallow....',1
'Social Security states that in order to be disabled, you need to have a disabling condition that is expected to last 12 month or end in death.  If you have no health insurance, I'm sure you could visit an emergency room for treatment.  When you apply for disability, they are going to ask you for a list of doctors, hospitals, and/or clinic that have seen you because they are going to attempt to obtain medical records from them if you don't already have them.  If additional medical evidence is needed for a determination, you will be sent to consultative examination(s) that the agency will pay for in order to get more evidence of your alleged disability.',1
'I would love to see MSN do an Obama piece with the same snide sarcasm that this one uses. Your bias is so transparent, it's repulsive. YOU HAVE STOPPED MAKING ANY EFFORT TO BE FAIR.',1
'Even with these re-rating adjustments, the new numbers probably still won't be accurate.  After reading numerous magazine tests over the years, I've seen real-world tested fuel economy all over the map versus the EPA estimates for the individual vehicles.  In mixed driving, few vehicles test right at the EPA combined estimate, others don't even reach the city numbers while some approach the highway numbers (mainly diesels). \r\n  \r\nProof positive that the EPA labels are virtually worthless for comparison purposes.',1
'I'm mostly afraid of humans that urinate in the water.',1
'Yes NYC should cancel the marathon.  Anyone this is involved in the security, etc. for this event should be putting their efforts towards the clean up.',1
'when asked for a tip',1
'Well Stacy looks like you've got me!  I'm officially out of things to cry about on this board!  Ha...  You seem to be the perfect woman with a sensible head on your shoulders.  Apparently all the women I meet are alien to you.',1
'"A president should be able to communicate effectively with the people." You mean like Obama with a teleprompter? Like in the first debate? I don't know how you can talk about intelligent people with Obama as president.  He is a complete dolt.  Did they mistakely think he could talk w/o a teleprompter?',1
'Here we are, held hostage by GM unions who are still paying the Cadillac health care & gold-plated UNION pensions for their retirees (both past & present), that YOU, the US TAXPAYER are subsidizing!!\r\n \r\nWe don't get that! \r\n \r\nWe get Obamacare, and 401k - "NO GUARANTEES!!"\r\n \r\nOh, BTW; you do know Obama exempted congress and himself from Obamacare, don't you!?!',1
'Sweet! Now I know where SuperBeat lives!!! I just might have to send him a holiday greeting card this year. That will show him! You're one pathetic human being ATSYIII.',1
'To all my commenting detractors: you marginally educated, racist, hillbilly white trash, that couldn't name the last five books they've read; i still am on your side, with policies that protect your ****es along with ensuring progress in our great country for at least four more years. God (or whatever) help us after that. Peace.',1
'Well Rummy Is Filty Rich, Has Millions Stashed All over in Forien Countrys so He don't have to pay taxes here in America.   Why He's Just doing the Mormon thing.   A Rich Hoarder.',1
'I don't think that these places have proper checks and rechecks in place so these types of tragic accidents don't happen. Maybe like hospitals there should be snap on information collars in place to identify the animal, why he is there and other facts including med. data. This information would then be with the animal whereever they move it......I know they meant well offering the owner another dog, but that would be offensive to me, kinda like offering me another kid if my child died.........',1
'He's dreaming of dressing all in pink. I mean it's in the Dem platform.',1
'Kobe be dumb.  After he retires, he'll blow all his money and end up like Joe Louis.  Kobe go no brain.',1
'It seems he just can't help himself. He says things that he thinks is relevant and brilliant but it's just the opposite. He is so out of touch with the rest of society.',1
'Then it must be true!!',1
'They bleeped out my adjective.  Phelatio  king',1
'Did you know the pastor that POTUS chose to do his inaugural benediction in 2008 has stated that he hates white people and all white people are going to Hell?  True.  Can anything be more racist than that, short of violence?    POTUS is not poor, he is considered rich, yet he has a brother who lives in extreme poverty in Africa.   Can anyone relate less to the poor than that??   POTUS is way out of touch with regular folks.  At least Mitt has worked and volunteered in Africa to help those in need and has probably done a lot more than that to help others.',1
'I just woke up, Where is my coffee?',1
'I have a pair of the Bailey Ugg boots and I love them.  They are warm and comfortable. AND they are not ugly. :)',1
'I'll never understand how Ashton Kutcher gets gigs acting. My children could do a better job acting he is the most overrated person in Hollywood and should stick to hosting  MTV's Punked where he was at least serviceable.',1
'The preacher at my first wedding told me the secret to a long marriage, It is for the man always get the last word when arguing "Yes Ma'am!"',1
'Tasteless absolutely, fat... absolutely not...',1
'GREATEST POST ON THE ENTIRE LIST.  SERIOUSLY.',1
'Both Garry Marshall & Henry Winkler have helped her financially. But if it's an addiction behavior- money will not help. Until she admits to her problem , seeks help and COMMITS to a rehab/life changes. She will continue on the downward spiral.',1
'Hate Apple...hope they die...',1
'I was a union worker for 34 years and like everything else it has its good and bad.It protects everyone, the hard workers and also the lazy good for nothings. Big companys hire and fire on whims, the union protects you from revenge firings and etc. I was a victim of hurricane Rita and Ike,sustaning large amounts of damage in both. We thanked and fed all the workers who came and helped us in Southeast Tx. We didn`t care if they were union or not, just wanted them to get the power back on so we could start rebuilding our places and get food and services running again. I thank all the workers who  helped. Fema did a great job down there too, those people were great, I saw some take money out of their own pockets to help some of the worst hit.',1
'I question whether it's alcohol they are talking about. I drink a lot, coffee and water, and am reasonably intelligent. I do not drink liquor and regardless of how "Intelligent" the study claims they are, I have never had a DUI or an accident from being drunk. I've never woken up with a hangover.  \r\nI never worry about getting a beer belly. \r\n  \r\nSo, who is more intelligent?',1
'Love the snark people!! First of all, the Chevy Volt is butt ugly and you can;t even compare the two. Secondly, as much as I also love the Tesla, it is not a hybrid. It runs and then it stops so you better make sure to charge that baby up and not go too far out into the abyss.\r\nThis was a freak accident which, I am certain, will be addressed properly by Fiskar's engineers and PR. I do hope a rep. from their company replies to this post because how likely is it ever going to be that someone is caught in a downpour of saltwater and get burned to death. C'mon people....use your heads!!!',1
'C-ountry \r\nM-y \r\nA-ss \r\nThats the way old Hoss would put it and last night they all proved him right again.  That was no tribute to Willie Nelson, it was a desperate attempt to connect this bs to real country music.  Lill Timmy and his wife should be arrested for attempting to murder "Good hearted Woman"  and Lady A had no business attempting to sing real country music..  Thank god for real country artists like Jamey Johnson who do not bow to the nashville machine or sell out to the pop BS that has become the CMAs.',1
'All those against the idea that man played a part in Global Warming please list your research and the names of your top scientists below: \r\n Go......',1
'Agree that most of the presentations were not "real" country but it was a great show anyway.',1
'Bless you Richard Nicotra when you have your priorities in place the world is your playground and blessing will fall on you over and over.',1
'study paid from the alcohol industry .. the body hates alcohol and destroys',1
'jason aldean already did some rap in last years Dirt Road Anthem.  I really long for the days of past....gimme some good ole country music again, please!',1
'WOW...You're an idiot...Shell and skin are two different things. Their shells are made of Kerotin and have no nerve endings. Unless you're carving down to the meat, it doesn't hurt.\r\n \r\nYou are a moron...Pull your bottom lip over your head and swallow, you'll be doing the world a favor...',1
'There is NO animosity whatsoever between the President and Vice President.  "There's never been a day in the last four years where I'adent been proud to be his vice president..." \r\n If "Selective listening" is a problem for anyone then try reading "body language" and or reading "facial expressions".  This is NOT a Biden "gaff" this article is just, NOT.',1
'Awwwww....but I WANT to vote for a fictitious bunch of myths..there is a lake of fire waiting for me if I don't......',1
'Home made popcorn balls. I never tried anything that was not perfectly factory packaged. This guy should be locked up forever! He is almost as bad as Mr. O'Brian, from the Houston area. He poisoned his kids with cyanide in Pixie Stix candy, killing them and Halloween. He had very recently insured them both. While we couldn't save them, he was tried and executed for this act. Yes, Halloween DOES bring out monsters.',1
'Osama wont budge.... He wont accept the 5 million..... This proves that he is hiding something... And what he is hiding is the fact that he's not really an American.....Every Democrat who put him up on a pedestal in a body of government should be charged with fraud and conspiracy for de-frauding the American people to vote for such a scum bag who's not even a part of our great land... make it happen , make it so',0
'What do you expect from a state where it is illegal to pump your own gas?',1
'Righto, harleypops. Hayes is a pop rocker, not a country singer.',1
'Lies again.  Fact check. \r\n  \r\nChief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office to Obama.',1
'Now we're seeing the break down of raw emotions of hurting, grieving people trying to cope with thIs destructive event. If you can volunteer some time to go and help, please do - we're all  \r\nONE HUMAN FAMILY !  \r\n  \r\nIf you can't travel there, send monies, food, clothing, medical needs, or whatever you can think of-they have nothing.',1
'People love them because they are so comfortable and warm!  Once you try them\r\nyou will understand.  I don't care for the metallic colored one either but there are\r\nso many colors to have fun with.  Now if they would just reduce the price I think they\r\nwould find many buyers. I try to wait for sales, but then you have trouble finding your size,\r\nstyle and color you want...The knock offs and even some of the newer Uggs are made\r\nmuch cheaper w/o enough of the warm inside lining.',1
'im LMO,come on, please tell me why,',1
'I'll drink to that',1
'So much for "Cutting through the red tape" eeey, Mr Obama!?!',1
'I've been saying the same thing about Obama for the last 3 years.  I think history may prove me correct!  How do you destroy a nation?  Pile up massive amounts of debt.  Start handing out more and more freebies and make the people dependent on them.  Start up class warfare and attack job creators.  Setup regulations that make it much harder to create a buisness.  Increase the cost of doing buisness (e.g. obamacare costs).\r\n \r\nYup if I wanted to destroy a country that's how I would go about it.  The key being that you have to increase the debt to a high level of gdp and combine that with anti-buisness policies.  Now the only thing Obama needs is another recession...that should pretty much finish this country off.  And recessions occur around every 5+ years so we are due for one in a year or so.',1
'Wow, you people with ZERO insight think you know everything. Ignorant FOX moles.  \r\nThere is waaaaay too much to correct you and show you theTRUTH, but even in the face of the TRUTH you will not bow to your FOX/Fag Beck/Fat hipocrate Limbaugh brain washing.  \r\nI am not voting for Obama. So I am certainly not a lefty. I have my reasons. Reasons that I came up with on my own. Not by using the dumbing-down of ignorant Americans by propagandist FOX/Fag Beck/Fat hipocrate Limbaugh. \r\n  \r\nI want to return to a strong independent American lifestyle and it won't happen with Romney (now that he is pandering to the extreme right) or Obama.',1
'Kids today have it made...Xbox, internet, smartphones, cocaine on Halloween... What's next, weed for Christmas?!!  Next time I hear a kid complain about anything, I'll smack 'em myself!',0
'1 CLASSIC LADY: you've never been out of work. your husband works to keep the lights on so you can blog away the day hating on our President because you are old, white and fearful to tell the truth about the success President Obama has improving these jobs numbers and growing the stock market from the Bush abyss. How long did it take to recover from the Great Depression? Classic, it took almost 30 years and a world war to get it behind us. Obama has cleared us from the Bush Depression in only one term. I say give him 8 more and thank him for the tremendous job he has done keeping the lights on for you.',1
'Panocha Phone!',0
'Yikes! Stay safe, both of you!',0
'My experience with a 1998 F-150 and a 2003 Lexus IS 300 is that both of them get quite close to the EPA numbers (actually a mile or two better) IFF one keeps a steady foot and drives the posted limits.  Add 10mph to the posted limits & both vehicles drop below the EPA numbers. (And they're both fun to drive fast, especially the IS-300)',1
'You aren't ignorant...Unless they carve down to the meat, they don't feel a thing.',1
'We didn't have all this sick stuff going on in the 60's until the early 70's in my neighborhood.  I didn't recieve anything strange than I can remember.   It was more wholesome when I was growing up in a family neighborhood.\r\n \r\nI'm surprised I haven't heard anything about condoms being passed out, or have I missed anything lately?',1
'yeah,   the best you can do is 3.5-4.5% unemployment and  those are considered good #'s \r\n the economy does fluctuate,  people a lot smarter than myself cannot control those cycles,and people get laid off and cannot find work until the economy returns and some people just don't want to work!',0
'If the damn thing would lode I would tell ya.',1
'Why did it take so long? Because the turtle man was busy looking for 'live action'.',1
'I am a country fan, you cant call that country music. it pop call it like it is. Brad Paisley was great when he first started in his career , now his music is pop as well.  Come back George Strait and Reba.',1
'crap, trash',1
'I'd caption the pic (after being told Romney has spread another outrageous lie about him)........"You act like I give a ****......Mitt's gonna hang HIMSELF".',1
'Sounds like you have a very thin skin problem.  It's not the science that is being questioned - it's what the Politian's do with it to suit their needs and agendas.',1
'Just because the word "Vote" is on her shirt is NO reason to keep her from voting.  \r\n The Supreme Court has ruled that whatever is written on a shirt is considered "speech" and is therefore protected by the 1st amendment. That is why you can wear the American flag on the seat of your blue jeans. Freedom of Speech. You may not like it - but it is protected speech. \r\n Electionering laws were meant to stop people from bothering others that showed up to vote by handing out "Vote for ....." flyers at the polls. The key word there is HANDING out. \r\n The fact that she had "Vote the Bible" on her T shirt would not even influence my vote one bit. But the time I vote - I have already read the material and decided on the candidate or propositions.',1
'I prefer my own cute cats, thank you.\r\nBut, to be honest, some of those poses aren't all that cute when you realize, too late, that your little furry darling has farted...',1
'If Obama is responsible for 4 dying in Benghazi, then Republicans are responsible for over three thousand dying in the world trade centers, don't be an azz Hi Comrades wake up and smell the roses, people die because evil exists.',1
'Comprehend much? The guy in the chair was Army not a Marine, but then you probably don't know the difference.',1
'Please understand that as a server, you make $2.13 an hour. The actual paychecks that they get are like $10.00. Unless you are full time and have insurance, in which case you OWE!\r\n \r\nIf you can't afford to tip properly, take your cheap **** home.',1
'Oh she is a real ham...What a cutie and she knows it...',1
'It's called lying to make a buck. It's the American/Korean/Chin  ​ ese/European way',1
'Here's my stock tip. Invest in guns and ammo company stocks.....and fast!',1
'I was born and raised in Utah (56).  I am not a Mormon, nor have I ever been a Mormon.  The Mormon “culture” definitely shaped who I became and it definitely shaped the men that crossed my path.  I read “Fascinating Womanhood” when I was a kid, and took it as the gospel truth.  I have never been married, but I have had domestic boyfriends.  For nine years I listened to a guy that told me constantly; “when are you going to remember you are just a woman?”  I have been “smacked around” more times than I care to admit to because I would not “mind” or “listen” to the Lord and Master of the Kingdom.  So YES!!! Some of us gals are too submissive and passive for our own good and have really poor taste in men.  Thus the reason I have never been married.  The Mormon culture likes their women subservient, sometimes too much so.',0
'I heard a good sequel to Braking Dawn would be Cutting Air.',1
'Is this the same guy who tried to sue her for walking around naked and farting. Or is this another loser leech.',1
'How refreshing to read an artice referring to a husband and wife in marriage. This is how it should be and hopefully will continue to be in the future!',1
'this ,list should include every other automobile made in the USA and overseas and shipped to us',1
'Richard, You find that FUNNY!!!   IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH CONVERSATION TAKING PLACE. You must of thought you were on the other sites you go to!!!',1
'We are right behind you at 39 years. Ditto on all, I was 14 when we met.',1
'Obama has finished off whatever Bush and those before him started- now we arent just broke, we are in a hole I doubt we can ever recover from. Japans over decade long no growth economy is a boom compared to what we are facing and due to the same reason. lets Obamaorrow and print our way out of this. HA',1
'I'm really sick of the judgemental jerks who write these MSN now blurbs. \r\nPlease read the source article before you judge this man. After watching his wife spend 3 days trying to give birth to their son then enduring an emergency C-section he says \r\n"I felt guilty; I had made her pregnant, so surely I was to blame. That’s what made me terrified of love-making — I didn’t want to put her through that trauma again."',1
'Hell, I always thought McMahon had a touch of dimentia when he was playing.  But why is this still "trending" a month later?',1
'how many generals has OH'bummer gone thru; and look at what happens in benghazi....\r\nthe CIA/ FBI/ NSA all changing story line on benghazi to cover up the \r\npresidents incompitence; what comes next if he's REFRAUDULATED!\r\nOH'bummer has stated he will have more FLEXIBILITY after the election to russia....he has signed\r\n92 executive orders; he has given illegal's amnesty.....he has allowed gas prices to skyrocket \r\nhe has given away 150 billion to capaign donors in failed green energy policies......\r\nwill he try a hugo chavez.......odd's are in his favor as he has MSM on his side, who'll report \r\nthat he has taken over the nation in such a manor never report on what he is doing; he has top generals and intelegence agencies on \r\non his side not to mention all the indoctrinated leftwing communists who'll belive anything MSM\r\ntells them......\r\njust puttin my opinion out there as 3 years from now the nation will be in the shape of, if not \r\nworse than greece/ spain/ portugal.......HERE COMES CHINA AND RUSSIA....sniffing like blood hounds to the injured animal!\r\n \r\ngood luck america......OH'bummer is the worst failure ever fraudulated into office!\r\np.s. if i cared what you lefties think i wouldn't of posted this!',0
'The writing at the bottom is probably from the waitress/waiter, thanking the customer for eating there. A single mom who cannot afford to leave a tip, shouldn't be eating out in the first place, especially when that meal cost $140.00.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Hi_Comrad,you do not sound like good communist party member! i must report you to KGB!',1
'Unions made a middle class. Go down south where there are rich  people and Lots of poor people . And no middle class',1
'No.  The consensus view of science is not that global warming has come to an end.  You're repeating nonsense from politically driven journalists that is repeated by political bloggers.\r\n\r\nHere's the article from the JOURNALIST (not scientist) who misrepresented the science:\r\n \r\nhttp://www.dailymail  ​ .co.uk/sciencetech/a  ​ rticle-2217286/Globa  ​ l-warming-stopped-16  ​ -years-ago-reveals-M  ​ et-Office-report-qui  ​ etly-released--chart  ​ -prove-it.html\r\n\r\n \r\nThe Met office (national weather service for the UK) whose data Rose abused disagrees with his assessment: \r\n http://metofficenews  ​ .wordpress.com/2012/  ​ 10/14/met-office-in-  ​ the-media-14-october  ​ -2012/\r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nHere’s a rebuttal : http://www.guardian.  ​ co.uk/environment/20  ​ 12/oct/16/daily-mail  ​ -global-warming-stop  ​ ped-wrong\r\n\r\nIn any case, it is NOT "the scientists" who say that global warming has stopped.',1
'instead of punching each other, they should introduces themselves to some shampoo and a comb',0
'She should have horns and a pitch fork air brushed in these disgusting pics. Others pain shouldn't be her gain.',1
'i stepped on a jellyfish......it hurt a lot',1
'V_L..... Swags has an agenda.... He always has and always will.\r\n \r\nIf things were so good without them, why would they exist in the first place?',1
'Sounds to me you blame the union for your screw up. Idiot',1
'While stationed in foreign countries both the Orient and Europe  I often saw females walking down the street in public holding hands. In fact today I still walk down streets holding my G/F's hand so she can't hit me if i accidently look at another female.',1
'That is tooooo funny! Ive seen 10 year olds take better photos than that. LOL!',1
'That kid is screwed!',1
'If people read the actual article it states that "Her "pregnancy" police said, was part of the costume.". So she's not really pregnant. But in my personal opinion it is never OK for pregnant women to drink despite the fact that many doctors say a couple of drinks is OK.',1
'the bastsrd wouldnt make a pimple on a good cops ****',0
'Still biased MSN??? Give up the fight already.... Everyone knows that Romney is projected to win. Try and put your lips on someone else for once...Twitter is exploding with graphs and charts through every media source available and all have Romney in the lead.... Loser FREAK!!!! MSN',0
'Good to hear. Best of luck and keep us posted!',0
'I never understood how this show has lasted more than 1 show it is the worst',1
'No, more of a "have faith, don't think" shirt.',1
'Zillow is completely useless. Why anyone would trust a valuation from this site is beyond me.\r\nIn my neighborhood one home was completely rebuilt but never changed hands while another is in its original 1960's condition but recently sold. Zillow has the older home worth three times as much as the new home. It simply cannot be even remotely accurate.',1
'Go short 1000 shares against the box!',1
'Could Romney be considered the Anti-Christ ?',0
'self like',1
'WOW...  how hateful can one person be...  buying babies!!!!!  You have serious issues...',1
'Using the word stupid is fine in this context.\r\n \r\nSince there is no such thing as man caused global warming/cooling/weat  ​ her change/ETC ... it is stupid to say "It's Global Warming".\r\n \r\nThe only scientisti that say there is global warming are the ones who getn told their grant money will not be coming, unless they phoney up some reportd that say there is global warming.\r\n \r\nThe Obama mis-administration tells the scientists, thay they only get grants if they produce the results we want.',1
'just goes to show you, this planet has many hidden treasures',1
'Of course the human species would be extinct.  It takes a certain degree of insanity to want to go through pain like that and then do it again.  If this involved men all it would take is one time and that would be the end of it.  Heck, if a man saw another man go through that pain it would be off to get a vascectomy.',1
'Gene Hackman is one of my favorite actors and at 82 he's had a bicycle accident and I know what it's like to be confronted by strangers or acquaintances.  I was over 65 when a stranger rushed me, mistaking me for some two legged street dog demanding money; he got a punch in but I got him back, big time...by the time the cops got there the bum had a broken nose and hand.  A thick leather glove wrapped around a nickel roll does wonders--the old hammer fist.   He went down quick.  My grandpa showed me how to get even with junior h.s.bullies who are physical.  Ambush them from behind at the lunch table and pull them backwards to the turf.',0
'If this **** is not true, then why is there an audio tape of the workers being shouted down with "scabs, scabs, go back where you came from, we don't want you here."  Sounds like MORE media coverup.',1
'He is truly awesome.',1
'Another thing that Ethanol does is rots the rubber lines, corrodes metal tanks and causes more water to condensate in the tanks and all that adds up to a lot of money to correct. I'm glad that I have a station close buy that sells 100% gas for the same price as the Ethanol junk. \r\n TTFN101: Cars now are not like the cars of yesteryear where they were tuned for 55. Today's cars are tuned to the average freeway speed which is 70 and that's where you will get your better mpg at.',1
'I live on the Big Island of Hawaii and the temperature never gets below 60 degrees Fahrenheit. It's flip flops or tennis shoes if you're working in the yard.',1
'Hi! Greek man! i love your comment! it is so very true! and Faux News, thats a perfect name for them!',1
'YES! Where were they going to stay, when the hotels have opened their doors to survivors? Where were they going to eat, when groceries are needed to replace food that has spoiled. Where were they going to get water, when bottled water is needed for those whose water is shut off or contaminated? Where were they going to get the gasoline, when New Yorkers are lined up for hours for enough gas to get to work? Where were they going to get police and EMT assistance from, when police and emergency techs are needed downtown? I have an idea: you marathon runners are in great shape -- how about you volunteer to help with the recovery?',1
'NO, but that has to be Tom Selleck, he doesn't look quite as good without facial hair but I bet legions of women would do him regardless !',1
'Hell no',1
'Tell your friends about this repuke dunce.\r\nEverything lyin Willardo feeds his braindead followers is a myth. I am sure he would be doing better if he told these repuke dopes that he would create 50 million jobs in the next 4 years. They don't need to be told how.\r\n \r\nClueless Lyin Willardo should not even be running for president. But for a lyin moron, talk is cheap. This clueless moron has no idea how to fix anything. This criminal repuke bankupts companies and loses jobs. What a joke. The nuts that follow him actually believe that he is going to create 12 million new jobs and these dopes believe him. He does not have to tell them how, that does not matter.\r\n \r\nClueless Lyin Willardo is known as the slapped axx Mexican Mormon Moron for good reason. This complete dunce made himself look even more ignorant than he already is by stating in a campaign clip that if he ever overpaid his taxes, he does not deserve to be your president. Well this repuke dunce overpaid his 2011 taxes by $3,000 to make it look like he was paying a higher tax rate-which he can recover after the election. He has up to 3 years to refile an amended return. Only a pathetic, psychotic, braindead radical right wing cracked teanut dope will vote for him.',0
'Can you believe I might fool them again this election?',1
'Hey there is more here than you think. A friend of mine that works for Verizon was told that they would have to be in the NJ union or their crews would not be allowed to go. He is based out of Texas and he is in the union there but they will have to join NJ's union or cannot go to work.',1
'Driving habits are critical to your mileage.  I have a 4-cylinder, 5-speed Toyota Maxtix that I get 34 mpg in town and 42 on the interstate. Its estimate is only 27 / 34.  On a recent trip in the Colorado mountains - all 2 lane roads with 11,000 foot passes to drive over - I got an average of 39.6 mpg.',1
'So you are advocating death for dogs in stores.',1
'Accidents happen but accidents with guns can get someone killed.  Unless it was a faulty part or gun error, this person needs to rethink their career choice.',1
'Main Stream Republicans......The  ​ ​​ Election of 2012 is your chance to get the REAL Republican Party  back.....Voting for President Obama will send the message that Extremists are NOT ALLOWED...a Romney win would empower the Ultra Far Right Conservative Evangelical Christian Taliban Tea Party Wacko's who call themselves REPUBLICANS....... \r\n SEND THE MESSAGE VOTE:   OBAMA/BIDEN 2012',1
'The majority are speaking.. \r\n  \r\nOBAMA WINS!!!! \r\n  \r\n  \r\nVegas, intrade and ever mathematical model predicts an easy victory. \r\n  \r\nGOP cry babies have a slim chance, a LOT less then your propaganda machine is telling you....ITS NOT CLOSE!!! Check the math!! Check the real numbers, Odds makers and intrade.com have a 99% accuracy rating.... \r\n  \r\nGOOD LUCK, Im laughing all the way to the bank I bet $10K on Obama......WINNER!!!  ​',0
'Why can't posters on MSNBC learn to spell, or at least use the provided spell check...',1
'Akita....I think Georgia is really a GEORGE.',1
'Child support is a whole other thing.  You have to support the kids.  But now, maybe it should not be as the woman winning the lottery anymore.  \r\n\r\nAgreed that alimony is just pure and total B.S.',1
'Go away troll.',1
'WTF!  How can anyone in their right mind vote for this numb nut?',1
'Just get a leaf blower and blow that rubble into the ocean, what's the big deal? 47% of people in New Jersey think they're victims. If everybody just brings one jar of peanut butter the whole thing will be fixed in time for Election Day.',1
'yes lets blame the media when our candidat which ever that might be has a bad preformance, says the wrong things. or flip flops on every stance he ever took. everyone wants to look at some other reason why their candidate is doing poor. perhaps when you use negative adds all the time you get negative media and that works for both Romney and Obama',1
'Hmmmm, as a man, both a concept I never heard of, and I (as a person, not a man) find the idea of marrying up kind of...insulting. No wonder there are so many divorces.  \r\n  \r\nThinking about it more, I am sure it occurs (by men, and women)...but I would think the recent data shows that more women are getting higher educations, and going into the job market. Not that men are marrying up.',1
'Ugg! Just what I said when I saw the first pair!\r\n \r\nShort for Ugg(ly)?',1
'single mom spends 138.00 for dinner and no tip? i detect a scam.',1
'laurel345, thats a good one!,and steelbeetle you are delusional! you better stock up on face tissue because when mitt the Twit lose's you are going to be crying your eyes out!',1
'why should i have to learn a different language in my own country?\r\n \r\nno English speaking person can go to any other country on the planet and demand the locals in that country to speak English.\r\n \r\ntry learning the language of the country you came to instead of demanding the country you came to speaking the language of your choice,\r\nit was your choice to come to this country,\r\nnot the other way around.',1
'Don't vote for religious silliness.',1
'Romney / Ryan 2012 /2016',1
'"Saucy" pics of that hippo with the jawbone of an ape would be absolutely impossible" Kind of like your well used mother!',1
'I don't get how a person running for the highest office in the country can even make that kind of comparison. I know gaffes can happen and nobody's perfect..... but seriously?',1
'We owned a service station during the gas shortage. Rationing gas to 10 gal per purchace. It always amazed me that once the gas prices were jacked up to what they wanted how gasoline went from short supply to readily available in any amount. From one day at only 10 gal to the next 10,000 gal. If you wanted it. During the shortage The port's along the Mississippi river were lined with barges filled with gasoline wating on the prices to get up to the level the companys wanted when they reached the level then they were unloaded and gas was plentiful again. Oh and gas was 32 cents a gallon back then gasoline not ethanol.',1
'? Are you that uneducated? This is not a African company doing this it's an American company that is doing this.  They have packed their bags, fired their American workers for the sole purpose of greed for them, not savings for us.  We have a huge unemployment problem due to jobs going overseas.  I say if they operate in West Africa and other countries they shouldn't be allowed to state American Corporation.  But they will because they get Corporate Welfare! We give our tax money to these greedy bastards and you sit here and condone it? Get an education,....quickl  ​ y.',1
'Why do I think it took researchers so long to find these turtles?\r\n\r\nBecause the idiot at MSN who asked the question wasn't born yet.',1
'Oh. I thought it was Bush's fault.',1
'How does health of the chocolate industry laborers compare with those working in the sugar harvesting industry in Central and South American?    \r\n    What happened to the  stories that Hershey would start manufacturing chocolate candies in Mexico?',0
'The car manufacturers have been trusted to be honest, this should result in massive fines and purchaser rebates!',1
'Why do news articles leave out specifics like where in China they were found?  Who was the rejoicing German researcher?  This is not journalism.',1
'Oh, go back to my old job as Community Organizer ? Now, that's something I CAN DO !',1
'I have a pair of super cute and very warm bearpaw boots that look like uggs but were 20 bucks clearanced from 90...i am a avid clearance shopper and i have NEVER seen a pair of uggs on clearance rack.maybe they should give customers a break every once in awhile on the price and theyd feel like they got a deal and the next 150 dollar pair may not hurt as much.Also i wonder how many thousands pair the company gives away to celebrities for free to make the public want them and get to charge us to make up for all the freebies:/',1
'Yeah, and you can bet your best bike those were all Obama's fault, too.\r\n\r\nHave a good night stric!  LOM OUT ...',1
'People will buy them if they cost less. They are actually nice boots but I'm not paying so much money for them.',1
'It is all a stupid game.  I was pulled over for doing 31 in a 20--but I was polite and the officer let me off with a warning.  I was sitting in front of a sign which said "Speed Limit 35"  but apparently 100 feet behind me I was still in the 20 mph zone.  I started to accelerate when I saw the new sign, but apparently that was too soon. \r\n The officer did tell me if I got a ticket it would be a 6 point moving violation.  Since I have been driving 30 years without any points on my license, I would suggest that was a bit draconian.  It is all a gimmick to raise money for municipalities and make insurance companies money. \r\n If I had protested to the officer, instead of groveling, I would be hundreds of dollars poorer now.  The system is rigged against those who speak their minds and defend their rights.',1
'ill go post some where else since they wont let me post it here. what a bunch of commie's',1
'Blah, blah, blah...cry, cry, cry.  \r\n  \r\nPeople with success can make MORE success. We can make as much money as we want. Your tired rant blaming the government for your failures is a pure BS. \r\n  \r\nThe rich (ME) are getting richer ever day.....ZERO RESTRICTIONS. \r\n  \r\nLook at the real math, real numbers and turn off your silly ranting radio show or TV show.',1
'I believe the Decatur owner guy, and unionists do this kind of thing all the time....why would the Decatur guy bother making up a story that his workers were told they had to join the union in Jersey?\r\n\r\nThe writer of this is obviously a hack.',1
'I was ever pulled over two times. When an officer came to me, I alway say I am sorry regardless of what the officer would say about it. Then I got two warnings and left.',1
'With bodyguards like that, who needs stalkers?  LOL',1
'Ryan - stick to swimming. You can't talk when you're underwater - lucky for us.',1
'Using an unproven example (ghosts) as proof of another (spirits) is not science, it's crass stupidity.',1
'wasnt till like 10yrs ago i learned to play it,basic.remember in service days 80s guys would get real involved with it.i didnt get it,but glad i did late then never,',1
'And all cops can spped go as fast as they want with no lights on,I see cops speeding all the time, why dont they get a ticket. they are a joke and abuse the system. thats why everyone hates cops,.',1
'There are three things wrong here, 1) Would it kill you to let someone cut-in once in a while? 2) Mr. Bailey WTF were you thinking? 3) New York is being judged because it has a handful Idiots. What state doesn't have its share? The problem here is the media, the way they want to portray people and the storys they deem news worthy. Where are the storys of people helping each other? too boring?',1
'I bought a home and it was an undisclosed meth lab.  I started having headaches and hot rashes.  When the weather cooled and windows closed, started getting sick-I thought I had the flu.  Kept getting worse and worse and ended up in the hospital for 7 transfusions.  My blood counts were so low that I was 2 days away from dying.  Went to a hematologist for 2 years and had iron therapy and constant blood tests.  Didn't find out about the meth lab until I moved out and was fixing up for sale.  Contractor noticed some paint "crackling" which I thought was because it was an old house.  It was too late to do anything about it, to get a refund either from the former owners or the inspector.   Before I bought it, the house was inspected and no problems were found.  So..it you buy a house and have sudden unexplained health problems of any kind, do some environmental tests before it's too late.',1
'The company paid 100% of our health plan, vision, dental.  Profit sharing, 401K, paid vacation..  The things a real company with good workers would do. Not because it was forced to, but because the owner wanted to keep the employees.  \r\n As far as equivalent pay scale goes.. I have no idea.  I do know that when I was an 18 year old in the union that had no idea what I was doing, yet getting paid nearly $30/hour,  I couldn't believe what a deal I was getting. \r\n Would I love getting paid $10 more dollars and hour while doing much less work? Sure. But that's not what I believe will actually get things accomplished.',1
'it's already been sold, our debt of 17 trillion, that's why they are pricing it in the first place..',1
'HA, "The Graduate".',0
'Shelters are dreadfully understaffed, workers and volunteers are overworked and under-rewarded.  Millions of animals are given a second chance thru shelters, but we only hear about when things go very wrong.  This is a great tragedy for all involved, but filing suit against the shelter will only reduce funds for future animal care and likely increase the already high numbers of euthenized animals.',1
'You got me thinkin' peanut butter and jellyfish. Yum!',1
'I wouldn't mind if she took her top off',1
'Koo,  Whatever gave you the notion that I was in favor of the GOP?  I believe that both parties protect the fed, which has for (how many decades?) brought us further and further into debt!  We cannot pay debt with debt!  We need a monetary system that creates money as an evidence of wealth to the people!   Everything is driven by money, and if that monetary system isn't honest, it has to collapse sooner or later. There will come a time when just servicing the interest on debt will surpass total gross consumer income.  At that time, or before, people will have to choose between paying their taxes or feeding their families.  When that choice is made, the markets will crash.  What's invested there?  IRA's, 401K's, pension plans, etc..  I think you can get the picture.\r\n \r\nV_L,  I think you have the idea that my proposed solution is wrong.  Please elaborate.  If we study what a lot of people tout as a money with backing, we harken back to the days when people thought gold and silver backed our dollars.\r\nIf you really think about it, those commodities never really backed our dollars.  Gold and silver in the ground are worth nothing, until man's labor brings that resource out of the ground and gives it value.  It was, and still is man's productivity that backed/s our dollars.  The difference between back then and now is that back then it was man's current productivity that backed our dollars. His labors were rewarded by having his gold stamped into coin free of charge, with no debt or interest involved. \r\nToday our dollars are still backed by productivity, but it is our future productivity, because all money is created through interest bearing loans and other debt instruments.\r\n \r\nOf course the banks will be closed before too many years pass.  My fear is that they will start up the same ponzi system all over again.',1
'I saw a Movie on HBO ....and I know what "You can't go back" means now',1
'hey jet fvckoff ron artest is a little b!tch. he knows he's a little b!tch and changed his name to world peace the guy is a retard',1
'What is wrong with you MSN Now? \r\n You are getting to be worse than Jerry Springer.',1
'I shipped rice to Bud in St. Louis an it was brokens (what was called brewers).',0
'At 15, I had the distinct pleasure of seeing Aerosmith as my first concert ever in late 1977. They were awful. Never having seen a live concert before, even I could tell that something was not right. Flat, screaming into mics, the crowd was not into it at all. It was no surprise when reports came out later that they were stoned out of their gourds. I vowed then never to waste my money on another Aerosmith show ever again, which is unfortunate, as they have rebounded a lot over the years. \r\n\r\nThank goodness, my second show, Rush- A Farewell to Kings, was spectacular.',1
'gone are the good old country Randy Travis, Garth Brooks, Reba, Dolly and so on. Now got this pop stuff that nothing but crap. I don't watch the awards any more not even if I'm bored.',1
'Oh be a sport Zelda! If Honey Boo Boo does Gangnam Style...we could watch it for poops and giggles! ;)',0
'iSuck!!!',1
'Easter candy and an apple with a bite already taken out of it - and I'm completely serious.',1
'VL, dont worry , with your skill set they wont ship your job over seas. You've gotten pretty good at saying ' would ypu like fries with that?".',1
'You know what is funny as well....more red republican states take federal aid than blue democratic states.....Texas take 8 times what it pays in while blue states like mass pay 4 times into it more that they take out......pretty funny, huh???',1
'How would that be different than Hussein promising a "transparent" government? \r\nWhat happened in Libya really?  Hussein knows......and he and the liberal media are lying to the American people.',1
'Something tells me, you don't need my help to find turkeys. ;)',0
'"Yeah, its like that."',1
'He's probably thinking of his next lie to tell.',1
'hug related injuries? what are these people made of, thin ice?',1
'Your post makes no sense at all.',1
'So Da Balls has all the answers again. What do you think all mine, yours and others social security deductions pays for...it's a pyramid scheme of schemes.  \r\nIf we don't earn enough money to save for retirement because the Repubes got lobbiest in there to deregulate most all, so now our cost of living is just barely under what our wage is, our 401k's have been wiped...ALL because of what...? If union labor is so expensive to Corporate America then why are there so many million and billionaires even now?  Most people who are against unions are retired, maybe sit on their butts types wishing they had gone a union job route so they would of had some kind of benefits that their non-union millionaire or billionaire boss refused to pay for...this is why unions got started in the first place, workers were dying on the job because bosses locked certain doors and fire escapes, knowing there'd always be some desperate person willing to fill the shoes of a lost worker. Greed and green envy.',1
'You can find much cuter, much cheaper boots...no reason for Uggs to exist.',1
'The only way this makes any sense to me, is if the guy thought the disabled vet was a regular guy trying to dress up as a disabled vet in a wheelchair for halloween. I could see hitting a guy for that maybe, but I would damn sure verify he wasn't actually disabled first.',1
'I think Mr. Lucas is quite wonderful for doing this.',1
'"Yep I did nothing for 4 years, but they're going to vote for me again anyhow just because I'm black"',1
'Dream on, sucker !',1
'Very true. And while I said rush some, still want to do the testing they need to to make it work, for reason like you listed with the experience in Utah. And yes I've seen that done before. Poor man's fix on a concrete highway. People can do it to their driveways too. Overlays like that are very suspect and have to be done right or else the chance of a premature failure is very high. Not alot of room for error with these. Better to just overlay with asphalt using the concrete as a good solid base or rip out and replace with new concrete. My thoughts there. :)',1
'And what will that accomplish? Will it make it stop?',0
'Come on !! You are just supposed to believe all the hype and not look at facts.. What kind of sheeple American are you?? Obama needs more sheep, Baa baa baa..........',1
'Metalhead522: The liberal press is done. There was a good reason for the press of old to be impartial. It was a built-in safeguard for the implied moral authority of the 'fourth estate".  They squandered it, and abused the privilege.',1
'I can't EVEN imagine how they managed 79 years of married life',1
'god bless the people of new jersey and new york who took the blunt of the storm lets get them back on there feet and move foward. amen',1
'It's hard to sue an animal shelter as they hardly have enough to make it. Shelter's are quick to euthanize animals. This is happened more often. They do not care about animals. They only want to make room for more to come in and not look bad for not accepting them. \r\n  \r\nI don't know how I would handle it. I think I would sue the person that took the dog to the shelter.',1
'When bush took office it was around 4.5% when he left 7.8% and at points it hit 10% \r\n Moron',1
'Oh GREAT !Today a snowball fight ! Tomorrow Nuclear  drone heat seeking laser guided snow ball fight !!',0
'The ones showing you THEIR paychecks from the job,,,, YOU use to have????\r\n \r\nYeah, keep living in the 1970's; you'll go far!!!',1
'Life is so lonely .I am an interracial  and single woman at present .I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on~~~ mixedcenter.c⊙m ~~~under the name of Angle345 … a best place for interracial and friends to get to know each other, establish relationship and talk about their interests, or to help each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for.',0
'Hey! Try working on commission sometime!',1
'Romney could NEVER be me!',0
'Obama can only do (or undo) so much, Sir. \r\nWhat I recommend is, if one of those nefarious Tea Party types is from your district, you and all your peers, workers, neighbors and community groups must unseat them immediately.   The lack of any positive fiscal movements results directly from a cadre of Do Nothings with their favored agenda, to unseat the current POTUS.  Regardless of policy or ideological differences, we have never had a CONgress brought this low (for proof, check on Congress popularity ratings) until the TP'ers were voted in with their hidden agenda.  \r\n\r\nThis is moral treason.  Evict the Tea Party extremists, vote in new blood (R or D or I, I dont care), and demand repayment for all the 'hard work' they did in DC these last 2 years.  \r\n\r\nIf you dont, you are as much the cause for our malaise.  I would prefer we all were the cure.  \r\n\r\nHang in there, all cycles must end as well.',1
'Obama is more economically clueless than Carter was.   His socialist policies amount to a war on the American middle class.   That is why 42% are now collecting government checks, and we have 1/4 of the country on food stamps.  He has converted 1/4 of the middle class into poor. \r\n As Marx said, you cannot create a socialist society before you eliminate the middle class.   If Obama has 4 more years he may succeed.  Sadly, those collecting will always vote for democrats, so we have 47% who will vote to increase their benefits at the expense of those that earn a living. \r\n The question is do Americans want freedom and liberty or a welfare check....',0
'LOLOLOL',1
'She's got such talent.  Kudos to someone that is so deserving in all that she has presented!',1
'Hmmmm  -- I thought "Marrying Up" was a term to indicate WEALTH, not Education. \r\n  \r\nHere's some food for thought -->  My wife and I got married just out of college.  At the time, we both had Bachelors of Science degrees.  Then, about 20 years later, she decides to get her Masters Degree -- so, according to this article, I "married up". \r\n  \r\nBut here is the kicker -->  I still earn more than my wife, even though she has her Masters Degree and I only have a Bachelor of Science degree.  Why?  Because I'm an engineer, and she's a teacher. \r\n  \r\n"Marrying Up" has NOTHING to do with education.  It is a term that describes WEALTH.',1
'where can I put in a application for this? Email me at   Thank you !',1
'Geez, so much mis-information on here.  Annheuser Busch was sold to AmBev, which is in Belguim  (not Germany or Austria or China).  Bud is still brewed in several breweries in the USA, so it is still an American product.  It is really sad that this cost-cutting maniac of a CEO is raping the Bud brand.  I enjoyed Bud for a long time but switched to Stella Artois (Belgian).   This CEO sounds exactly like my CEO who laid off 54,000 Americans and invoked a two-year, global wage freeze while he Gorged himself on over $100M in bonuses over that two-year period.   How about that for Leadership? "All of your families are just going to have to suck it up for two years while I walk off with all of the Treasure".  Sickening ... and the same thing happens all along Wall Street.  These Harvard and Yale boys have a  completely different sense of Ethics and Honor than what we were taught back in the day.',1
'Funds with a government in 16 trillion dollar debt IS NOT SECURE! You don't know a thing about economics!',1
'CLEVELAND -- The stakes for President Obama could not be higher in this liberal bastion, an economically hard-hit region in the nation's premier battleground where the incumbent needs a massive turnout to prevail on Nov. 6.\r\nFor Obama, this area is a firewall that could offset likely gains by Republican Mitt Romney throughout other stretches of Ohio -- but fault lines have emerged.\r\nEarly voting, touted as Obama's secret weapon in the Buckeye State, is down nearly 10 percent in Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland, compared to the same time in 2008. Even before Hurricane Sandy ushered in nasty rain, early turnout was lagging behind the benchmark it set four years ago, local election figures show.\r\nPolitically speaking, the failure to turn out a vote in this Democratic fortress is almost as good as casting a vote for Romney. And even while the number of Democrats voting early is down, there are indications that some of those who are voting are crossing over to Romney instead.\r\n"I come from a Democratic family, a union family," said Dave Koler, an information technology program manager from North Royalton. "The first debate was a real swing for me. This might be the first time that I actually go Republican."',0
'Weird.  I thought most NYers took cabs and public transportation.  The guy pulling a gun out is an idiot because you have a crowd of people looking at you and itching to turn you in.',1
'I have to stop laughing for a minute. I see that the concensus people seem to be in a dream world when they seriously thought only 3000 people wouldn't be making unemployment claims from two weeks ago, to this week. On the other hand they want you to believe that 158K new jobs were created, a jump from the 114K jobs from last month. Whoever the bean counter is at this government office, should be hanged, shot, drowned and buried in cement! what a bunch of crap. If you beleive this government info, you really should vote for Obama because your as dumb as they come and deserve the misery that will await you over the next four years if he's back in office again!',0
'You are right Women are spoiled because men love us. However that doesn't give women the right to be a complete b**ch and treat her man like crap.  I must say my husband spoils me and I do the same for him. He makes me feel like a Queen but minus all the stupid drama. That is why I have a 13 year old daughter. I give 100% to my husband and I expect the same. No more//No less!  \r\n  \r\nMy husband is a stay at home dad of our 5 children and I work outside the home. When I get home from work our house is clean and that's when I take over with the kids. I was the stay at home parent for awhile and so I know how hard it is. I always try to help with whatever remaining chores there are left but he fights me and tells me "No honey, go relax you just worked all day!" I love him for that but it is still my job as a mother and a good wife to say hey shhh, here's a cold beer now go away and watch football.',1
'Yeah OK sure,LOL.',1
'I'm endorsing Romney too.\r\n \r\n-Moe the bartender',1
'Maybe she will be awake in the second one!',1
'Now that is funny!!!!',1
'It's Michelle....again!',1
'lil Bub is the worlds cutest cat',1
'Not bad except for M tattooed on her forehead for MORON.  \r\n I hope they never have children. There are enough idiots in the world as it is.',1
'I notice in one of your previous post you said you're not American? Where are you from? If you don't mind me asking...  : }',0
'Who are they kidding?  Improved employment numbers?\r\n \r\nCurrent unemployment reporting methodology adjusted for estimated long-term discouraged workers, who were defined out of official existence in 1994 is added to the BLS estimate of U-6 unemployment, which includes short-term discouraged workers. The U-3 unemployment rate is the monthly headline number. The U-6 unemployment rate is the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ (BLS) broadest unemployment measure, including short-term discouraged and other marginally-attached workers as well as those forced to work part-time because they cannot find full-time employment.  Adding  U-6 plus plus the long term discouraged workers (defined out of existence in 1994) translates to an overall unemployment rate of about 22%.      Just take a sampling of 50 to 100 people of all ages and  ethnicity and you will find that a little more than 1 in 5 is unemployed or underemployed.    Seasonal employment provides a pop in employment around the holiday season, but then goes away after the 1st of the year.',0
'Judge should laugh at case then dismiss it.  Tell wife to get self esteem and tell husband he's not fit to be a father.',1
'Take a chill pill Bstacy... Spud52 is just being honest',1
'Of course I did not close Gitmo.  It is a muslim Pic Nic area.  After I am found guilty of FRAUD--TREASON, and MURDER, it may be my new residence.  With my brothers there I will be fine.',1
'No..I thought they were ugly to start with.',1
'What you meant to say was, "yet another dumb question from MSN"...',1
'Broward County Sheriff Al Lamberti chose to comment about this saying the background checks revealed the criminals involved. Where was he last month with background checks of his right-hand man campaign advisor Bill Lewis who has never been background checked by Lamberti shows up with an 11 YEAR PRISON RECORD for a felony arrest? Lamberti couldn't (or wouldn't) background check his own people and it blew up in his face! Don't we need a sheriff that gives as good as he gets?',1
'I'm a fan of Cello Green. I hope his innocent.',1
'Lots and lots.',1
'I'm beginning to question if Laurel actually lives in the US.',1
'I'm betting she's in the Senators Union!',1
'yes,come on how hard can a child hug?are they kids or pythons?',1
'Never heard of this young man, but that doesn't make him irrelevant...I am sure his bandmates, family and friends miss him terribly...RIP...',1
'Wow!  She looks just as crappy as she did before.  Who did the makeover?  All of her 50 kids?  Maybe it was that piece of $h|t husband of hers?',0
'Yes, but then I found that Costco sells a high quality genuine sheepskin/shearling boot exactly like the UGGs but for just $40/pair and so that's what I buy. I don't need the little "UGG" rectangle on my heel at those prices!',1
'I agree. Taylor Swift is over rated...sing about something else.',1
'It would be nice to wake up to the beautiful morning where the world was at piece and everyone could walk hand in hang. GIVE ME A BREAK. The rest of the world is a tough place to live and those who have never seen any of it can have these fantasy dreams. \r\nIf the bleeding hearts got ride of everything that was grown, manufactured and processed by other than college graduates they would be starving and naked. \r\nThis story is a joke because people in other parts of the planet have to work to live. Working starts about the time they can walk and ends when they aren't breathing anymore. \r\nI'll have another Almond Bar please. \r\nYou are all going to love living under strict Islamic rules. \r\nGBA',1
'You all KNOW that Mr. Obama is the right man for the job!!',1
'Unions are worse than the Russian Mob!  Something obama knows a lot about.  Just ask Putin.',1
'It's the first creative thing he's done.',1
'Good for you Julianna, i think the the show is just teaching that a 16 year old girl can get preg,, the boy is of the hook ... what kind of show is this ... the little i have watched of this show ...the girls uses her mom , dad, talk back disrespectfully.    . As a mother of 4 , i do not want my girls watching a show like this , think the show is cool when it is not... she is right... in my heart... there are many women who can't bare children , then we have others can,,,, spit them  out , live on welfare...  get my point .... Thx Julianna',1
'26? so u wana deny all those ppl the right to vote? might as well then make the maximum voting age 34 then as ppl are probaly to old with weak legs to vote.',1
'I love the Sun.....',1
'He's thinkin "clean up my poo, and bring another mouse be~otch"!!',1
'and, some extreme, left wing, fringe dwelling global warming conspiravy theory ding bats, think they can ignore the fact that their scientists lie about so called man caused global warming/cooling/chan  ​ ging/whatever we want/ETC... and phoney up evidence in peer reviews, so they can continue getting dishonest grants, while leaving disenting evidence out of peer reviews.',1
'Children need to be allowed to develop in their own way. Not all "rules" are good ones. This blind acceptance of "rules" can only lead us down a dangerous road. \r\nDon't teach kids to be "sheeple".',1
'Have you ever accepted drugs (or food or anything) from strangers at a concert? \r\n  \r\nNO!!!!! \r\n  \r\nall-that: Uhm, when I was going to concerts regularly it would have been really rude to not accept the things being passed around.  Someone lit a joint, then passed it on.  thats just how it was. \r\nBut that was before my generation sold out.  Oh well. \r\n  \r\nSo THAT'S why I was so unpopular in junior high school--I REFUSED to poison myself!!!!! Seriously, I just didn't give a rip if anyone got miffed at me for not accepting "things being passed around." Seriously, I just didn't care. \r\n  \r\nI may not have been Miss Popularity, but I AM ALIVE AND WELL TODAY. As for all the "burnouts" who thought they were so "cool" back then, some are dead and some are brain-dead. \r\n  \r\nI WIN!!!!!',1
'Just another sales gimmick!, \r\nand i have never seen a smart drunk.',1
'All of em...',1
'Uniion or non-union, humanitarian efforts are just that. I am a union member of two different unions but when it comes to what needs to be done on the east coast the only union is the human union. The non union workers are not after your jobs. So I say to IBEW back off. If ;you think you can do it on your own you are totally wrong. I am keeping my mouth, and or keyboard, censored as I have words I could use against you and your hieirarchy but I won''t at this time. Let the others work and help the people who need it.  NOT YOU.',1
'Ugg might be struggling with poor sales, because not many people can afford to drop $200+ on a pair of flimsy boots in this economy. Economics 101.',0
'To many accusers of celebs are after a nice pay off, i'm with the rest of the posters on the ecstasy, never heard of anyone becoming unconscious, only dehydrated and tired after a night of partying.',1
'Serioiusly?  They you better not put gas in your car that comes from the middle east.  Little girls there are "circumcized" at 12 so that they wont enjoy sex.  Or they are shot in the street for wanting to go to school.  And dont even let me get started on China where women are forced to have abortions if they have more than one child, and baby girls are regularly killed--just because they are girls.   Dont be so high and mighty about this.  All the third world counties, where so much of our clothes come from exploit children.  If you are ready to grow your own ingredients for chocolate, go right ahead.   \r\n        I believe this has more to do with our country's crackdown on business and on sugared treats, like chocolate.',1
'That lady should be helping out cleaning up the mess and not just be standing there getting in the way.',1
'I hope she doesn't try pulling the old "insanity" defense...She did this because of selfishness...I'm with @Mike...Lethal injection....No excuses.',1
'My son is 7 years old and has PDD, but is high functioning. He had the teacher yell at him the other day because he dared to hug a couple of kid’s goodbye as he was leaving school. I had a talk with him because of his innocence I did not want him to think he had done anything wrong.',1
'Why on earth did my comment about the fact that I would have done the same thing, get 16 thumbs-down? Did I say something wrong about the fact that I have the same train of thought as Mr. Service?  Yes, I think it is outstanding that he did this.  I was simply saying that I am the type of person who would do the same thing.  Is that a bad thing?  I am not taking the focus off Mr. Service's good deed.  You people are too critical.',1
'STFU stupid',1
'Really? It's not even okay to DEFEND YOURSELF against a woman who is clearly attacking you? Well, if you want to end up in traction, that's on you.',1
'VL, dems are so so much smarter than repubs. It must be why they require so much government assistance and protection. Food stamps, welfare, and safety nets for stupid decisions, protection from mean corporations.  15%? , come on , when you make up numbers, at least make them sound reasonable.',1
'I love many of their products, but if it turns out that they are using cocoa grown and harvested using child or slave labor, I would stop buying anything with the Hershey name, and I would insist on knowing if any place I went used ingredients produced by Hershey.  Milton Hershey's ghost will pace the offices of Hershey Company if this is verified.',1
'Yep, obama is a one turd president. Vote Romney/Ryan and lets all get back to work.',0
'O' my friggin' goodness...  <b>WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!? </b>I swear I thought that was a plastic doll or something. Can't figure why anyone in the workd would want to "be let into her life", let alone have to look at that face. You'd think one her handlers would clue her in - ABSOLULETY BRUTAL!!',1
'I can't agree with you more! It reminds me of the saying.. The definition of Insanity... Doing the same things over and over and over while expecting a different outcome. I hope someday the general public will wake up and see that there are other people to vote for and they will go and do the research instead of depending on paid advertisements and paid new corps to get their info.. Until then we are all doomed. Hope we like paying taxes because at this rate we will be lucky to keep half of what we make.',1
'Hell yes!!!\r\nTell our troops not to hug and see what you get.\r\n \r\nWhat has happened to common sense??\r\n \r\nWe need to get rid of the PP'S and elect real folks.\r\n \r\n \r\n(pp's perfect people)',1
'lol lol Aye G.G.you hard on em huh? Gators b*tches wear jimmies!!',1
'Let me guess, you didn't go to school. Keep your bitterness to yourself.',1
'"Your Commander In Chief" \r\nor \r\n"Where's that football again?"',1
'It wouldn't have been my child because I would ensure that my child had been brought up as I had: to be respectful, heed authority and understand that I would punish them far worse than anyone else.  \r\n   Having taught for a decade and dealt with many knot-headed children, a small part of me chuckles.  Many a teacher would have LOVED to have zapped a child or two at one time or another.  \r\n   However, I can sympathize with commenters who would go after the cop with everything they had at their disposal.  And the parents certainly would not be wrong.  There's no question that the cop was crazy and doesn't need to be in his job any longer.',1
'you stupid F"N B',1
'Huh?',1
'i see the liberal kooks are out in force,   you included',0
'why not 12, we could have Justin Bieber as president, couldn't be any worse than anyone else running',1
'I prefer sushi-marinated.',1
'Not everyone suffers during trying times, some are prepared. What is striking is the number of people who are not self sufficient, were not prepared, and are now angry that the calvary won't be quick to the rescue. Just like Katrina we see the ill prepared lashing out with criticism of a system they think should take care of them from cradle to grave. This incident should act as a clear example of the flaws associated with liberalism. Choosing to congregate with millions of other people in a very small geographic area is not a crime, but the person who does so should recognize the limitations of services purportedly offered by a socialist model. Here in the mid-west we understand and we prepare. It would be unusual for us to find a neighbor who did not have adequate food/water, first aid supply, auxiallary power, hand radios, arms etc... but if we did we would be in a positon to help. Ask not what your city government can do for you, ask what you can do for your neighbor.',1
'Thank god the secret service smokes dope too!',1
'Big thumbs up to this hotel owner. At least *someone* has their priorities straight!!!!!!!!',1
'OBAMA HAS STRIPPED $$$730,000,000,000.0  ​ 0 FROM MEDICARE !!!!!! \r\n MY NURSE TOLD ME ,,,,,,,,,,,,I GUESS ROMNEY IS TOO LATE,,,, \r\n OBAMA BEAT HIM TO IT',0
'Oh man... This is just comedy gold.',1
'How about just facts without prejudice, spin, personal opinion and/or personal politics.  As for today's media?  What a joke - they've been so far up Obama's butt they now believe that crap smells like roses.',1
'Isto ai nao e' atriz, seria uma grande ofensa para as verdadeiras atrizes.\r\nDe 1 a 10, a nota dela na TV brasileira e' ZERO.\r\nPosar nua em revista masculina, nao torna uma mulher atriz, muito menos\r\ncelebridade.\r\nAproveitar momentos de tragedia para se promover, e' no minimo falta de\r\ncivilidade.\r\nSorry, this is not the attitude of Brazilian people.',1
'YES DAVE READ THE ARTICLE \r\nDerrick Moore, a crew member from Decatur Utilties, said workers "were told by crews in New Jersey that they can't do any work there because they're not union employees."  \r\nALL THE REST WAS ABOUT UNION WORKERS  \r\nwhen you can't read you don't realize the author is spin b s your way',1
'Highly_Recommend\r\nSenior matchmaking',0
'My son looks like that after a few joints.',1
'Just because he had tattoos doesn't make him a freak. He was in a heavy metal band. Be respectful to his family and his fans who are now mourning. How would you like to be called a freak? Show some respect.',1
'Just sad how, not just Hershey is doing so, but several other chocolate big brands as well.',0
'Quit chasing other women and maybe one will stick around.\r\n \r\nJust sayin'',1
'Actually Washington DC real estate tax appraisals and or values are determined by a computer program and the appraisers give the DC owner the opportunity each and every year to address by providing evidence that the computerized appraisal is inaccurate. However, one must make the effort each and every year to ensure the appraisals remain accurate and up to date. There are not enough employees to go to each and every property in Washington DC and appraise each individually. However DC real estate taxes are too high and need to be reduced significantly.',1
'Someone and Music Lover88 - did you read the article or do the usual conservative thing odf just tlaking? They were not turned away.',1
'El GringoPhone, claro!',1
'I did't know Jeanie's in a bottle popped out plump and round...........Don'  ​ t I get 3 wishes.... Then I wish my Jeanie was hotter than you!!! Fat A$$',0
'Yeahhhh....no.  Your issue is obviously leaning on putting Romney in the seat of President of the USA.  How about NO ONE for President, lets leave the office vacant and on recess for awhile.  Obama, Romney, and all other partisan politicians are liars and garbage.   They are the ones who don't really care about you or me, they are only looking out for themselves and playing these finger pointing games.  If one still thinks like a political hive-minded honeybee, you are only going to be more disappointed in the long run.',1
'I do agree with what you say. We have 2 in the health care field and 2 advanced degrees in administration. Basket weaving is not going to cut it.',0
'Since the Republicans are trying to suppress the vote, the machines are afraid some of them will be out of a job if Romney gets elected.',1
'Hell no, and besides, these people should be helping New York folks.',1
'Come back, Loretta.',1
'I always thought there was something seriously psychologically wrong with this woman. I feel sorry for her kids.  In a way, it's a good thing she did the reality show...she'll need the money for the kids' psychiatric bills.',0
'Who are you???? Maggie!!!!!  I play as dirty as the roaches play with me... Blow it out your a$$',0
'Why did he tell children at a Career Day event to clean his car?  I work Career Day events at Middle and High schools several times a year. they are set up (*as many of you know) to present the students with possible career/college choices, NOT to make them proactive in cleaning cop cars, or anything else. The come through, pick up materials, talk a little bit to the reps and leave. This individual defeintely needs some serious return and repair work done on his brain!!',1
'never heard of them....but look at the fantasizing of death....the heavy tattooing....this isn't life-affirming',1
'How about we quarantine the shelter staff for a week, during which time some of them might be accidentally euthanized.  I wonder if the shelter dogs could be trained to give the shots?  They might enjoy it!',1
'To put the blame only on Hershey would not be correct at all. The sad thing is to grow Cocoa pure in many Countries that work labor that way. Hershey Company could have an influence on how theses operations work because they are a big buyer but the fact is they are buying imported goods. I do not expect Hershey to patrol the growing industry. I think we should have a restricted import policy with Counties that allow this to happen.',1
'The Electoral College helps ensure that 'voter fraud' and 'buying elections' don't prevail in choosing a president.   \r\n  \r\nDem sources are already looking for 'who to blame' if Obama loses (per CNN).',1
'YOUR CADDY ??????????',0
'Funny. Lighten up, it's not like terrorists ever do any real harm or kill anyone...so we should respect them and their values hua.',1
'That is his, "So what? I am still the President of the USA, at least, right now!" look.',1
'Really who would want to make single moms look bad. Seriously? If you can't afford the tip, don't eat out.',1
'The products we recieve from China is no different,they exploit children also.',0
'When did getting knocked up make you a star. People wonder whats wrong with this Country.',1
'you don`t drink beer?',1
'Stacy you might want to get off your high horse, there is nothing special about living in the high country. Most of you are tight assed yuppies anyway. You say you are drama free is that why a lot of schools in the high country are being shot up by your children i.e. Rifle etc.',1
'what's so good about her? my hand is more attractive then her',1
'Another good reason to stop buying Hershey is that it's now made in Mexico, Brazil and China.  Only a small percentage is made in Hershey, PA.',1
'was getting it from somewhere else.  with his attitude i would put it past him.',1
'I think the bond payments stay at a fixed rate don't they? That would make the low interest bonds lose value wouldn't it? Aren't those 20 or 30 year bonds? Never understood bonds, maybe someone can help me out here.',1
'The problem seems to be that when Romney speaks other than what his speech writers wrote he either makes "incorrect" statements or is very easily misunderstood.  If elected I hope he does do so with the Russian or Chinese leaders.',1
'the country music is still more country than pop or rap is my point ... and no they didnt say the artist cant sing but instead slamed the choice of songs that they r singing.. or writting .....its thier music .. just like rappers rap whats important to them and just because they dont have a steel gituar ..doesnt mean that they arent country (even though i would like to see more of that myself)',1
'Alcohol is bad for preggo's.\r\n \r\n-thalomide',1
'Not very American',1
'Actually, yes I have, and I really enjoy how it works and I plan on using Khan Academy a lot more in the near future. I just haven't had the time to study math that much lately, which I'm sure sounds like a crappy excuse.  \r\n I have been busy with other things, but I'm pretty sure I could find the time if I just tried a bit harder and stopped letting people and things distract me.',1
'Oh Yeah?  I'll just pass an Executive Order.  Puh.',1
'Yea...because weed is never laced with anything or dipped in LSD or PCP. Right... \r\n Taking candy from strangers is idiotic no matter what it is. Weed included.',1
'"you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a PIG!"\r\n \r\nHa ha, I love it! I also agree 100%. I don't even call it country. I've started calling it "Bad rock with banjo."',1
'This article isn't about weather or not you should or shouldn't eat chocolate..It's about a union who chose to elect to put some of their pension money into the stock market to make it grow...If you don't like what they possibly or no doing pull your money out and invest someplace else, hurt them where it hurts most in their pocket book.',1
'What a beautiful pet! I'm a nurse and before any procedure, we have a 'time out' and everyone in the room or to be involved in the procedure, stops what they are doing and everyone must agree the right patient, right procedure. Obviously, staff need better training and supervision and the shelter needs to have their procedures reviewed for animal safety! Why was Zion quarantined if he didn't bite, only jumped? Why wasn't he placed in a different room from strays to be euthanized? Couldn't they have a plastic strip put on the front of the cage door that says "Stop! Do NOT euthanize."\r\n Didn't they have a collar with Zion's name on it? Maybe if pets had collars with their names someone would stop and think he was a pet, not a stray. Even color coded collars. With digital cameras (no film developing cost) they could take a photo of the pets so pets wouldn't be mixed up with strays (no photo). So sorry for Zion and Matthew! RIP Sweet Zion!',1
'Let them set their fees. Competition (market value) will drive the fair market value. State it clearly on the ride and set price up front, allow flexibility of 10%.  You really don't even know if your getting best price in a cab if you are new to an area you don't know the shortest route to your destination.',1
'life must go on.',1
'I heard the MAXiPad is next...',1
'Way to go Scott! Hope you get well soon.',1
'Should Call it a Crash Course in MODELING!',1
'@ SuperBeast ... Versuchen Sie eine wachsende Gehirn statt Reden über ihr Peter Stopper ..... Verwenden Sie einfach Ihre Lippen für das, was sie tatsächlich für ...... Saugenden Dick Ruck wad',0
'Fellow Americans are suffering in the cold without power, with food and medical shortages, loss of their homes, shelters overflowing, chaos upfront, sadness and devasation apparent and UNION folks want to draw a line in the sand? Come on folks!  Ger real-these are fellow Americans in RE A L trouble...and NO, THIS ISN'T BENGHAZI WHERE THE WH & POTUS LET THEM DIE! \r\n  \r\nPlease share, give, and pray for the victims of Sandy!  Our hearts go out to them!',1
'as soom as that tape comes out I,M BUYING IT I GOING TO BE THE FIRST IN LINE YA BABY I,M  HERE',1
'Xanax....It's legal',1
'lllf',0
'His public likes him stupid looking...... Pudding pop my jello',0
'he's the one who needs to shut up',1
'Octo mom endorses Obummer, Al Quida endorses Obummer. Freeloaders endorse obummer, tree humpers endorse obummer, people who have sex with the same gender endorse obummer people who have sex with animals endorse Obummer, morons endorse Obummer, HS dropouts endorse Obummer, criminal endorse Obummer, union thugs endorse Obummer, dirt bags endorse Obummer. \r\n  \r\nTaxpayers endorse Romney, business people endorse Romney, intelligent people endorse Romney, educated people endorse Romney, the military endorses Romney.',1
'Prank or not, if you have the money to pay $140 for 1 meal then you have enough to tip.',1
'Adamus is correct in everything that was shared with you. Also, I hate to point out the obvious but a named storm does not mean major hurricane that is going to make landfall like Sandy did.',0
'Wouldn't the problem be with the ones who program the machines?',1
'Say What?',1
'Sounds like a fun Halloween. Lucky kids!',1
'OMG, I GOT THROUGH THE FIRST FEW LINES AND THEN GAVE UP. IS THIS A FREAKIN' TERM PAPER? GO AWAY GOP...FOR LIKE THE NEXT 8 YEARS. YOUR TIME IS OVER. THE REAGAN LEGACY IS OVER. YOU RUINED IT TO THE NTH DEGREE WITH YOUR REFUSAL TO ADDRESS THE BUDGET BECAUSE DENYING ABORTIONS TO ILLEGAL ALIENS WAS MORE IMPORTANT. YOU NEARLY DESTROYED THE MIDDLE CLASS WITH YOUR MONEY DRAINS TO BIG OIL. GREEN ENERGY IS KING. OSAMA BIN LADEN IS DEAD. VOTE OBAMA!!!!!!!',0
'Totally agree with you there John.  I think they get their "degree" so they can make it "official" when they talk down to men.',1
'Or....is it inaccurate?  MSN hopped on this like stink on sh!t.  Obama is gooooooooooone after Tuesday boys so get ready to get over it!',1
'If Obamacare is so good, why doesn't congress and HE (and his family), have the same????\r\n \r\nI'm glad every GOP senator & congressman voted "NO" on Obamacare.  The get a cadillac plan, while we get the scraps!!\r\n \r\nAnd I though Obama was all about,,,,,,,"Doing your fair share?!?"',1
'How's this for a career choice Tackleberry- a lawsuit so big that I won't need a career!\r\nYour Honor, everytime I think about owning this cops house, his retirement, his kids college fund, his shiny cop car, and that huge settlement from his department- I grab my chest with excitement of being the richest 4th grader ever!',0
'Is cold this morning in MN',1
'I can get you binders of women.',1
'Yep thats a bullshark alrighty.',1
'I don't believe it, he looks and acts like a pole smoker.',1
'@Neece: didn't you refer to Mann Coulter as a quote/unquote "b" as in bitch and a "slut"? I don't care if you're a conservative or a liberal...don't be a hypocrite.',1
'Obama likened Hurrican Sandy to that time he--he--he....Got caught on the golf course in a rain storm on his 104th round of golf and caught a bad case of the sniffles! ...yeah ...that's it!\r\n \r\nPS: Romney? How about the time an employee's daughter went missing and Romney shut down business operations and organized search teams and led them into the city and found her...he did not sit around waiting for someone else to show up and 'handle things'...I guess the Press missed that one... must of had their heads up some socialist's butt.',0
'Next Tuesday Obama will officially be a one term president and go down as the worst president in history. You Obamazombies better get off your butts and find jobs because the gravy train will coming to and sudden stop very very soon. No more entitlements and no more handouts! If you want something you are going to have to earn it!',1
'About 6%.',1
'Sue the cop personally as well as the police force he worked for, and sue the school for negligence as well. The pig needs hi @ss beat too.',1
'Wow, another reality show about a no talent person. TV programming is getting more and more hard up. This is not entertainment. I guess when your career is going in the toilet, its time to hop on the E! train!',1
'Cee Lo needs to say "F**k You!" to this woman.',1
'Dumbo looking for a new job',1
'-',0
'Quetion is, did he get the beer?',1
'Wow, glad Springsteen aint runnin' for nothin'....dang!',1
'LOL the thing is more and more of you **** men keep being born. A sucker like yourself is born everyday. I know I have a dick you have to keep looking to make sure you have one.',1
'He's not crying about it - he's saying kids and their impact on your life are unpredictable, and they are.  I know, I have four.  How many do you have?  Oh, let me guess - zero.  And I can honestly say this:  regarding kids, until you've had them, you have absolutely NO IDEA what you're talking about.',1
'Hey artiell1 its too bad you liberal types can't post without name-calling and dopy-sounding name parodies.  Rather than adding emphasis to your "thoughts" it makes you sound even more befuddled than Obama. \r\n \r\njust sayin----',1
'Really?.At least the mother of one of the Navy Seals that got killed didn't have to tell Obama to stop using her sons name in his speeches.A man who Mutt met for all of a minute and not only had to be reminded when and where he met him but he also had to be reminded what his name was.Then what did he do? He went around making speeches and claiming how he personally knew this man and was just heartbroken when he found out he'd been killed. So to simplify it for you he used the death of this Navy Seal whom he didn't even remember meeting and who's name he didn't know until being told to further his political agenda and he did it until he was told to stop by the Seals mother.Whom by the way was highly offended that Mutt used her sons name in that way!!\r\nSo I hate to burst your bubble but Mutt doesn't care about anyone or anything but himself and his political agenda!',1
'If only, B.O.\r\n would have bailed out the American People.....instead of the Banks.\r\n\r\nJust sayin.....!\r\n\r\n B.O.,speaking......\r\n "I......I will never be broke again....uh....for the rest of my life....Michelle\r\nand I, will be, well, let's just say, we will be laughing all the way to the bank. And we want to thank you, the broke and the really broke people of America... for voting for me or not."\r\n\r\nVOTE~ Romney/Ryan',1
'both',1
'Anthony you have a very good point there! thanks for mentioning that.and someone dont you think your getting to old to wear diapers? dont you think you should try to use the toilet like a big boy?',1
'please hold,,, your caller 4 your call is very important to us..',1
'Most likely scenario is that we will have the same POTUS  and Senate controlled by the Democrats and the House controlled by the Republicans for at least the next 2 years.   In other words, SOS.  Hopefully, cooler heads will prevail and real progress will be made, but that might be asking too much of congress.',1
'the world is a scary place, because selfish, ignorant creeps exist in it... then they find each other, marry and produce more selfish and ignorant children.., the way people think, or fail to, is perverse.  God Bless everyone affected in this stom and Nana and Carlos-get a clue...',1
'euthanize them',1
'you gotta be kidding me.',0
'be a hot looking woman under 35?',1
'I can understand the various issues but offhand I think this went too far.  Her shirt said vote the Bible but not who or what to vote for because of that... there are after all some people of faith who are liberal -- for example, those who belong to "The Religious Left" -- who would vote liberally and democratically BECAUSE in their view they are voting the Bible.\r\n\r\nI think the law was meant to prevent pandemonium with shouting crowds holding signs for this or that right at the doors to the polling place or even inside.',1
'i went to school in Iowa and dated a girl who looked a lot like her... who knows she could be a long lost child.  I loved her, she taught me how to ride the pony and somehow I think they have a lot in common that doesn't get mentioned in her press releases.',1
'Ugg boots are def. still in style.. Where else can u get something so cute and warm at the same time.. The problem is- is that the Economy has tanked. And ppl would rather pay the electric bills..   But the sales should be going up with the Hliday season!!',1
'TRUST.....without trust there is no Love!',1
'And way too expensive!',1
'Not at all.  A POS endorsed by a POS is still a POS.',1
'An old man mentality.  LISTEN, the writer at Kipplinger is one who actually made it out of tens of thousands who didn't.  LISTEN, saying college doesn't matter or what you major in college doesn't matter and all it takes is hard work is an antiquated idea.  Today's world considers college degree as a must.  What sets college-educated candidates apart is the major, specifically, quantitative majors.  If you major in any of the 10 majors, 99.99% is doomed to hand-to-mouth life.  These aren't majors.  They should be minors.',1
'why does this not surprise me? oh yeah thats right because corporations are not in it for the good of man kind,  there in for profits. Whats reallly funny are the comments by empty  headed conservatives who claim  that if the Africans dont care there being exploited, why should we "liberals" ( that's code word for any one who cares about another other then themselves or immediate family)   because were funding it dummy! Any one who gets up to milk cows in the morning  on thier farm  wether for self or for a family buisness  isnt milking for 18 hours straight with no break, food, no money to help his family ea,t.    ARE YOU STARVING YOUR KID  mr  WILLIAM HINKLEY?MAKING HIM SLEEP OUTSIDE,? you buy him clothes ,food ,toys a roof over his head. right ? AM I  RIGHT AreI NOT? THAT DOESNT SOUND LIKE SLAVE LABOR TO ME THAT sounds like a good deal.if the corporation did that we  wouldnt be fighting over labor laws! slave labor, min wage ALL THAT!JEEZ get a clue   let me guess your one of these hypocrites claim pro life right? YEAH i bet u do u.  heartless people like you will burn in the hell you so dearly believe exist..',1
'"commercially bred" Does NOT mean puppy mill.  Just because a person may breed animals for a living (even a LOT of animals) it does *NOT* mean they are being cruel to them.  The law should focus on finding and punishing people that are doing wrong.  Destroying an entire industry because of a few bad people is just WRONG.  (Face Palm Time)',1
'I say.....innocent until proven otherwise. Does it not seem odd that when C-Lo wasn't an A list celebrity, he didn't get accusations like this.....heck, even when this supposedly happened, nothing was said. Now he makes bank, so now people will try to take it. My guess is that it gets settled before court.',1
'You are worried about CMG being overvalued in an article that mentions AMZN??? Seriously? That is laughable. Don't get me wrong, a forward P/E of 25 is nothing to get excited about. However, AMZN has a forward P/E of 131.79 with negative income growth (vs CMG which although slowing is still positive growth)!!! I'll give you two MUST-SELL stocks... AMZN and LNKD (forward P/E of 296.83). Yeah LNKD has huge positive growth but it is a new company and 250% of $0.15 is still pocket change. New companies with little income are a lot easier to grow at huge rates. It isn't sustainable though. I don't own CMG and I have no plans to buy any but it certainly wouldn't be anywhere near the top of my must-sell list. What a joke.',1
'I would fire him..he doesn't belong on the police force!!  I would sue the department and send a message that kind of behavior is unacceptable. What an idiot.',1
'Selfix i wanna take you in the right as well you dumba$$ why u jealous of me cus im not a hobo or a perv like you',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'I think i know Neva,,she's a trans-sexual with bad teeth ,rumor has it stric 9 was dating her  LOL \r\n just kidding stric   watch out for them dammed cars,  they don't see bikes,  i know',0
'It's always futile trying to get MG to use commonsense. I think his loafin' lifestyle is at risk and he's freaking out. Don't worry about food shelter or water... as long as you've got specie you'll make it (not).',1
'there is actually a large amount of affluent mexicans in central mexico... but im sure you have never really thought about that, too busy at your nazi rallys im sure haha',1
'Thank goodness she hadnt cleaned her car out for 5 months! :) Congratulations to her!  \r\nI once won $500 off a radio station! I was so excited! That was as close as I've been to feeling like I won the lottery LOL',1
'Wonder how many gunshots, We will hear on the night of Nov. 6th. around midnight or so...??\r\nProbably one teabagger shooting another, because they will be accusing each other of not working hard enough to unseat Obama..',1
'im sure the chinese will grind it up into powder and try to sell it',1
'Because adopting a new dog will replace the one they killed? To some, dogs are family, they become kids for those who can't have kids. I can't just accidentally kill a kid at daycare and be like oops my bad here why don't you just take another kid home. \r\nTalk about lawsuit right here, if that was my dog I would sue them for all they had, including seeing that the woman in charge is fired and not allowed near a dog ever again.',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'Didn't watch the video.  Too much comedy for the day.  Bouncing Obama is smart!  He is buying the New York vote with 17 planes loaded with supplies from California to New York.  He alreay has Blooming idiot Blumberg's vote so most of the victims of the storm will vote for Obummer too.  Had the storm come two weeks later, chances are they would have gotten little or nothing.  I am happy they are getting help but I think Obama is taking advantage of a bad situation.  I hope people will see through this and VOTE EVERY INCUMBENT OUT OF OFFICE.  I will be so glad when next week comes and a judge will give the position to someone.',1
'My wife drives a 2011 Sonata and I drive a 2012 Veloster.  The wife drives her Sonata 70 miles per\r\nday, mostly freeway driving and according to the Hyundai computer she averages 37 mph and gets 34 mpg.  On a 1200 mile trip across West Texas with the AC runing and speeds of 65-70 we averaged\r\n37.3 mpg.  Dam good I would say.  The Veloster never leaves town aand averages 18 mph and gets 28 mpg.  It's all about the way you drive and where you drive.  The wife and I are both satisfied.\r\np.s.  I worked for General Motors for 33 years\r\n \r\njim McLarky',1
'It's all about Hunter boots now.',1
'But, but, but.........Ima thinkin' you forgot about Billary. lol\r\n \r\nAll kidding aside, you seem smart. Will you marry me?\r\n \r\n(lol-I slay me sometimes.)',1
'Thank the Lord for lifting that "cloud" of IGNORANCE from Bloomberg's brain',1
'Never... these hideous boots are not attractive and they will go they way of the dodo like jellies, crocs and space shoes!',1
'WHO CARE'S BRITNEY'S LOOKIN PRETTY HOT LATELY.SHE'S GETTING BETTER WITH AGE',1
'Apple belongs in Hollywood with all the other "too much money" Idiots that live the same lie!',1
'Amen, Lexxuss3o',1
'Oh look!!!! It's Obama with his mother....',0
'Me',1
'KTWHW, Your science illiteracy and general intellectual incompetence do not refute the actual science of anthropogenic global warming.',1
'I agree with the others that what they are trying to pass off as country music is not country music.  These people were obviously raised on rock and that is what they really want to do.   You can't listen to country on the radio.   Country music is dead.',1
'it wasn't always that way, but sadly, that is what it's becoming..',1
'IT'S HIS MONEY AND HIS PROPERTY HE CAN DO WHAT EVER HE WANTS TO DO WITH IT ... AS LONG AS HE PAYS  A FAIR SHARE IN TAXES.  PERSONALLY , i WOULD HAVE TO GIVE BACK IF i HAD THAT MUCH MONEY ...',1
'She is not pregnant.. Part of the costume.. \r\n\r\nBut no one should drink when they are pregnant..',1
'He should sue God, I heard he's got alot of money.',0
'Funny so many are hating the truth.',1
'last nights awards show was the worst ever! I say awards show cause thats what it was not \r\nthe 'COUNTRY MUSIC"awards show that may have been on another channel. \r\nI like rock just not with my country! I love country just not with my rock!. \r\nThere is always gonna be pop trying to migrate over to country just because we have the best/loyal fan base in the music industry! but seriously Hunter Hayes?!? the word WEAK comes to mind! lets face it POP SUCKS!  COUNTRY!!! LIVEIT! FEEL IT!  KNOW THAT IT IS DIFFERENT!! \r\nand accept that not everyone will like it!!',1
'Cowards much? The thief had just stolen from him, he had every right to do as he did.',1
'Stupid Americans that buy cars from stupid Koreans.',1
'Sniff Sniff Sniff anyone else smell Karl Rove?',1
'From a speech by Grover Norquist:\r\nAll we have to do is replace Obama. ... We are not auditioning for fearless leader. We don't need a president to tell us in what direction to go. We know what direction to go. We want the Ryan budget. ... We just need a president to sign this stuff. We don't need someone to think it up or design it. The leadership now for the modern conservative movement for the next 20 years will be coming out of the House and the Senate. \r\nThe requirement for president? \r\nPick a Republican with enough working digits to handle a pen to become president of the United States. This is a change for Republicans: the House and Senate doing the work with the president signing bills. His job is to be captain of the team, to sign the legislation that has already been prepared',1
'What planet did you come from?',1
'Typical stupid look...what's new?!',1
'I feel your pain. LOL!',1
'Bad thing is many officers these days including troopers try to ticket the law abiding drivers by instilling speed traps. For some reason they never mentioned that in this article and its the biggest revenue generator for them. I got out of my speed trap ticket and even caught them red handed doing it (compliments of Google Earth). They were taking the caution school bus stop signs down and changing them to the speed limit signs that were over what the speed is on this road, then they take em down and started busting people for going 10 over.  The same exact time they were putting one of those improper speed limit signs, google earth was taking a arial shot of that area. You can almost make out his face as he is erecting the 55 mph sign and shows the cars in the 50 ft area. One was a Black n White. WHAT ARE THE ODDS OF THAT HAPPENING?  It really puts a new perspective on law enforcement when you have some that are supposed to uphold the law, breaking the law to generate revenues in their counties. Its a huge black eye for every law enforcement officer out there, and the bad thing is speed traps are getting more common everyday.',0
'"But you know who we don't know it from? The consumer. And the consumer is remarkable in this country. Whether it be homes or cars or shirts or sweaters, the consumer is spending beyond what would seem to be possible."\r\n \r\nIs anyone going to point out that this means consumers are going back into debt?  We've ridden that train before and we know it can only last for so long...',1
'Just can't watch anything with Carrie Underwood.  She is NOT a nice person is the best I can say.  She was never just a poor little country girl from Oklahoma.  Such a fake.',1
'How can that be- Romney's company owns the voting machines!',1
'To have such problems. Some women (myself included) would pay good money to straddle Marky Mark for a few minutes. \r\n \r\nIf that caused her to have a nervous breakdown, she would have never survived my life.',1
'Didn't happen to me but my son was given beer and cigarettes.  Being very tall for his age he was heckled by apartment dwelling surfers telling him he was too old to trick or treat.  Thankfully he was too young to appreciate his "treats" and handed them over when he got home.',1
'I would LOVE it if my wife made as much or more than me.  We would qualify for obama's ridiculous new tax rates but it would be worth it.',1
'Yeah, yeah, 'knocked around' and 'some states'... even then, it was tied to military service.  "Old enough to fight, old enough to vote", and all that.  But, people's reaction to the draft during the Vietnam War was the final straw that broke that particular camel's back.  With overruling Oregon versus Mitchell being a distant second.  And, what's wrong with using the word niggling when that is exactly what you are doing?  You are being petty, exacting and fussy... if the shoe fits...\r\n \r\nAnyhow, you can have the last word on this.  You can use it to list all of the myriad other reasons for lowering the voting age, that didn't have to do with the draft and student activism and people being fed up with being asked to serve but not having a say. (or Oregon versus Mitchell, since I've already mentioned that)  You might also want to explain how it even matters... since this was all just a 'what if' senario to begin with.',1
'Go figure,another forgien car company lying to the Americans to "look" better than the big three!',1
'Tacky...',1
'Showing commitment and solidarity for a cause when you are so visible is a good way to inform and remind the public of what is happening.  Domestic violence affects the entire family and it escalates over time; until extremely bad violence turns into a life changing episode or death.',1
'BECAUSE IT COST MONEY.',1
'Who cares?\r\n \r\nHonestly, do any of you think he will give a sh*t if you are accused of something?  No, he won't.  Seriously, you folks need to stop idolizing these people, and concern yourselves more with your own behavior.',1
'My cat isn't an internet meme nor can he catch mice. I'm starting to wonder why I keep him around.',1
'Wanted to like this show but couldn't make it happen.',1
'That's it Mike! Both my parents retired from teaching frustrated. They both were very dedicated teachers that truly cared about the kids education. However, if the parents are more concerned about their child being aloud to hug in school than to learn- the kids won't have a desire to learn. Kids not having the desire to learn and the parents never backing the teacher on any issue or showing any interest in their childs education only leads to the type of schooling that people want to complain about. Blame the President!',1
'If in real life Mr. burns existed, and he endorsed Romney, then I really wouldn't vote for him, even though there are real people like him. I like Mr. Burns because he is such a joke.',1
'She should be the one apologizing!',1
'Actually someone did a study for money making you happy, the national average is $70,000 per year to be happy.',1
'8 times your annual salary in savings?  You've got to be out of your mind - that assumes that you have money leftover to put into savings or investments.',1
'self like',1
'Because I got high.. Because I got high..  Because I got hiiiigggghhhh',1
'I didn't know for sure, so I checked the line ( easy to check) and you are wrong.  Obama is favored for better or worse.',1
'I saw an employee @ MSN/NBC.COM trying to pose as  a legitimate journalist once..',1
'God has different ways to furnish miracles. Jimenez has received what he has requested. God has send him an aid for the cure of his wifes illness. Perhaps $3 million dollar would be enough to cure the cancer. but why was the accident? I guess it was a reminder from God: "You shall not put any intermediary or obstacles in between us."',1
'Art and writing are HOBBIES.  Do you make money, wait let me rephrase, are you able to support you and/or your family with what you do?  Sure, art is fun.  Writing is fun.  Music is fun.  Do that in your spare time.  I know a doctor who is a fantastic clarinet player.  I know an accountant who is an amazing painter.  You just like to do what's easy and fun and THAT'S why you're broke.  You have such a sorry justification for why you're mediocre.',1
'Absolutely an invasion of privacy. It takes a low-life SOB to sneak pictures of anyone's private life.',1
'I agree with you on this.  Concealed carry is for self-defense, plain and simple.  The thief had already left, there was no need for that man to follow him into the parking lot and pull a gun on him.  The police have always been very clear that just because you are allowed to carry a weapon does not allow you to do police work.',1
'OH, country music where did thou go!!!!!!',1
'I don't think you know the meaning of the word "socialist"....Also,  ​  the only ones that do not want to see this country succeed, are the ones who are working with the Tea Party to stop any and all progress that the president tries to make....And the same way you coddle Mittens, is the same way I'm stomping for my president.  If I'm a fanatic, then take a good look in the mirror...Hate to break it to you...but you're one too....',1
'If romney wins every time I have a choice between a corporate product and a small business product  I will choose the small business as corporations will eventually destroy us....',1
'I agree with you John. The more educated women I meet the more they try to impune my success and down play my achievements.  They may have gotten "smarter" but they hate to see somebody else successful.  Especially when they find out I make more money then they do.\r\n \r\nKinda pathetic they take it so personal.',1
'Makes more sense than the bs I'm hearing on tv.',1
'Lap dancing isn't socialist.  It is pure capitalist exploitation, which should make it popular among politicians you favor.',1
'Maru has nothing to worry about.  All cats are adorable but Maru is just plain over the top...',1
'profits profits profits and again loss loss loss on the workers back and the customer always loses, higher price, lower quality product. Not an american company anymore! It's for just the money makers, CEO's, Investors, Not for the men or women who work everyday with pride to make this products, instead the pink slip!! Whats next get rid of the clyde's because they eat to much? Just plain greedy!!!!',0
'DID YOU PEOPLE READ THE DANG STORY? it says that it was a LIE put out by the REPUBLICAN PARTY!  NO ONE WAS TURNED AWAY!!!   READ THE FRIGGING STORY BEFORE YOU POST AND MAKE FOOLS OF YOURSELF!!',1
'You wasted a lot of time with your 'corrections' comment. Are you gay. It seems only gay people have a grammar fetish. How about adding something constructive instead of just harassing people. By the way, his comment was spot on. Now if you would please, correct the grammar error I left for you. Idiot.',1
'I sure hope so!',1
'Turtles have shells, people don't so there is NO comparison. It makes me wanna carve 'Moron' into your forehead.\r\n\r\nTurtles have no nerves in their shells and the guy obviously didn't carve all the way through to the flesh so there was no 'suffering'.\r\n \r\nJust because YOU are offended doesn't mean you're right. We are all now dumber for having to listen to your BS. You are awarded NO points...And may God have mercy on your soul...Moron...',1
'My question is who really cares if he likes kok. why did he feel the need to "come out" anyway? He could have said "my wife this," or "my girlfriend that" and he would not be lying! The whole gay, lesbian thing is done. People are what they are. There was a time when inter-racial marriage was a big deal, now nobody blinks an eye. It will be a while before our society get to that point, and in all reality a part of me will be sad when that day comes. I do not want to deny somebody their rights, but I dont want homosexuality tossed in my face either.',0
'LOL LOL LOL.....LOVE it!!!',1
'"What, me worry"',1
'yes',1
'Go see how Gay Males do it...he will change his mind....',1
'Moviegoer, people return Uggs to Nordstrom a year later because of their return policy, because why wouldn't you wear a boot for year (that's not meant to be used in the snow), and then bring it back for a full refund when it doesn't hold up? I sold kids' shoes at Nordstrom for 3 years, and sold hundreds of Ugg boots, to adults and kids, and I always told them that they are not meant to be worn in the snow/slush and should not be used for play. They are meant for warmth indoors and for walking to the bus stop. Even if you treat them with the spray, if you step in a puddle or leave them out in the snow, they're going to get wrecked. The first pair of Uggs I ever bought was a pair with a leather sole and leather toes and only had the sheepskin on the part above the ankle. Almost 8 winters later, they are still in almost perfect shape. Some styles of Uggs are meant to be worn in the snow and winter. The regular 'classic' style is meant to be used as a slipper and to keep your feet off the hot sands of the beach (as they originated in Australia). Anyone who thinks their classic Uggs should have held up through regular winter use is an idiot, and anyone who returns said boots to a store a year later is a jerk.',1
'White americans still in the slave trade and making a profit; this devil will never change.',1
'You guys just don't get it do you? Fine, allow me to paraphrase, lula I think you are already beautiful and don't need to "fake bake" or dye your hair, you have a lot of potential beauty! Is that better?',1
'Disguesting.',1
'Greedy people who do not care about the animals they sell. They don't care where they come from, how they got there or where they will wind up once sold. They only care about making money of them. \r\n  \r\nThis law should be in effect all over not just in LA. \r\n  \r\nI live in NY and I see many pet stores. The dogs are displayed on windows. they live in a small glass holding place. They grow up in that glass place till they cannot move around. I do not know what they do to them once they grow up and can't fit in their holding place. It's sad and make me angry. When I see people looking I stop and tell them not to buy those pets. I tell them to visit a shelter where they can get healthy pets.  \r\n  \r\nIt's time they ban these stores.',1
'No because the Bible is not runnig for public office.',1
'Maybe the unions should be put in charge of getting all the help needed? and sued if they don't? Imagine they union head being told get 28 of YOUR skilled workers to this site by 0800 tommorrow-- or the 28 non union workers waiting at 0600 will get the job at 0830 after you're shot by firing squad.  Might end up with union workers needed on site or union officer shot just before non union workers do the job union showed to be incapable of doing- loss of corrupt, incompetent union officer no loss to western civilization',1
'"yeah, that's right...I'm not paying attention to the meeting. I'm just messin' around with my phone. But who cares?"',1
'I meant to say "isn't" at the end of my sentence.',1
'Who the hell wears flip-flops in the snow?  What an idiotic comment.  I wear snow boots that cost half of Uggs, that I've had for at least 5 years, and I don't look like a total lemming wearing them. \r\n Uggs have always been ugly as hell.',1
'Sorry, typed that wrong... I liked the Willie part a lot, just not the statue thing... he didn't even seem to want it as he was having fun up there.',1
'WHAT? RICK PERRY GOING TO TAX  THE POOR AND MIDDLE CLASS AT THE SAME TIME HE IS GOING TO TAX THE OIL BILLIONAIRES? WOW. THAT IS GREAT NEWS.',1
'BStacy .............. You are 100% right !',1
'Thank you Nap Town',1
'well some of those girls on that show are immature, but I must say that those girls aren't as nieve as Giuliana and Bill are when it comes to bringing their child home and preparing for it.  I've never seen 2 adults who act the way they do when it comes to kids...........from changing to simple decisions for the child.  So before you make statements about other women or girls and taking care of their children and knowing what to do step back G&B and look at how you're handling how to take care of your child !!  And before anything is said let me tell you I'm a SINGLE MOM WHO TAKES OF HER CHILD ON MY OWN ! ! !  Not much family left to "help out" when I really need it, so I'm pretty much on my own.',1
'Top Five Worst Obamacare Taxes Coming in 2013, out of 20 tax increases as part of Obamacare.  \r\nNancy would not let anyone read it until it was voted on. \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medical Device Tax – a $20 billion tax increase: Medical device manufacturers employ 409,000 people in 12,000 plants across the country. Obamacare imposes a new 2.3 percent excise tax on gross sales  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Special Needs Kids Tax” – a $13 billion tax increase: The 30-35 million Americans who use a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) at work to pay for their family’s basic medical needs will face a new government cap of $2,500 (currently the accounts are unlimited under federal law, though employers are allowed to set a cap).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Surtax on Investment Income – a $123 billion tax increase: This is a new, 3.8 percentage point surtax on investment income earned in households making at least $250,000 ($200,000 single).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Haircut” for Medical Itemized Deductions – a $15.2 billion tax increase: Currently, those Americans facing high medical expenses are allowed a deduction to the extent that those expenses exceed 7.5 percent of adjusted gross income (AGI). This tax increase imposes a threshold of 10 percent of AGI. By limiting this deduction, Obamacare widens the net of taxable income for the sickest Americans.  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medicare Payroll Tax Hike -- an $86.8 billion tax increase: The Medicare payroll tax is currently 2.9 percent on all wages and self-employment profits. Under this tax hike, wages and profits exceeding $200,000 ($250,000 in the case of married couples) will face a 3.8 percent rate instead. This is a direct marginal income tax hike on small business owners, who are liable for self-employment tax in most cases.  \r\n\r\n \r\n23 million out of work. 46.7 million food stamp recipients. Fewer Americans working today than Jan 2008. 16 TRILLION deficit. Obama gotta go!!',1
'Sorry, we no longer do Halloween at our house.  When we did give out treats, I tried to somewhat\r\ndo healthy, using apples from a friends tree, washing them and sometimes dipped in caramel. Also made oatmeal cookies and popcorn balls. Once, taking a post-Halloween walk, I noticed apples\r\nthat had been smashed onto a hearby sidewalk and I thought "INGRATES!"',1
'You dont have any right to say what particular person or groups of people should not be included in the political debate. It just goes to show everyone that anticonservatives , while bragging all the time about how tolerant, inclusive and compassionate they are, are actually narrow minded, arrogant, mean spirited and hypocrites.',1
'I started out in the music business as a promoter in 1978.  Traditional Country is being buried as I speak.  If it does not have a steel guitar, Stand Up Bass and NO SMOKE AND FIREWORKS...IT AIN'T COUNTRY......I was a country music lover when it was not even cool..the listeners were 40 and up! Now, the so called country music audience is, 10 to 26 years old.  Most of the new artists will be "has beens", with a few years of success....they spend all of their money...go into acting...and forget where they came from.  Today, most country music is 70's Rock, with country lyrics.  When the new wears off, it will be just...... ASSEMBLY LINE MUSIC.....Next? They overcharge for their shows.  Audience attendance is going down every day.....can not afford to see them live.  Did you know that Conway Twitty never won a country music award?..except one, for Duet of the Year, with Loretta.  That was a Music City News Award...voted by fans only.Conway was never Male Vocalist or Entertainer of the year!  Now, this is a guy with 50 plus number one songs back to back!  CMA is a bunch of crap.....they pick the winners themselves. Conway told me that awards do not matter...His fans come FIRST!  The only reason Conway..real name" Harold Loyd Jenkins", did not have any more number one hits....is because he died art age 58. Chris Young is the only singer today..that is still keeping it Country! Mark my word....Traditional Country will return....History repeats its self...RIP....Conway  ​ ..the Best Friend that music ever had .........',1
'The following came from ABC News        Again, NOT FROM FOX! \r\nWhen the mainstream media starts outing Obama, you know The Chit is about to Hit the Fan!\r\nThey know that if they hide this until after the election, what little cred they have left, is TOAST! \r\n  \r\nRepublicans on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform have released new documents backing up claims by security personnel previously station in Libya that there was a shortage of security personnel in Benghazi. \r\n contain previously unreleased cables from Ambassador Stevens and his staff reflecting concerns about safety in the country. \r\nThe U.S. State Department did not have an immediate comment. \r\nOne signed by Stevens and titled “LIBYA’S FRAGILE SECURITY DETERIORIATES AS TRIBAL RIVALRIES, POWER PLAYS AND EXTREMISM INTENSIFY,” dated June 25, 2012, assess the increase in violence. ”From April to June, Libya also witnesses an increase in attacks targeting international organizations and foreign interests,” Stevens wrote, describing attacks on a United Nations official in Benghazi, International Committee for the Red Cross buildings in Benghazi and Misrata, and IED at the mission in Benghazi, and RPG fired at the British Ambassador’s convoy, and an attack on the consulate of Tunisia. \r\n  \r\nLink      \r\nhttp://abcnews.go.co  ​ m/blogs/politics/201  ​ 2/10/documents-back-  ​ up-claims-of-request  ​ s-for-greater-securi  ​ ty-in-benghazi/',0
'WHY? Why would anybody want to see that? This has to be the most ugly person that I have ever seen. Looks and personality.',1
'jojjo20 Have you been in my weed ? believe in the end times you say'' . That is Bible talk. Why can't you just let go. Do you think some old book knows more than OBAMA. .George Clooney don"t........Vote obama',1
'DON'T CARE SHE'S GOT PRETTY NICE LEGS',1
'Great idea!!!!  But nothing on the face of the earth has a mind or a will like water does.  Water will go where it damn well pleases, no matter how hard you try to stop it.  Maybe it could of stopped it, but you are talking about an overwhelming huge amount of water, inundating a gigantic area.  That thing might plug some of the holes, but not all of the holes.',1
'I bet your are a lonely, miserable person.  And you will die alone and miserable...',1
'Who's the loser??',1
'There is a difference between a mistake and an accident you know. \r\nI never once considered his actions an accident. I consider them a mistake, and not one I think he should be paying for for the rest of his life.',1
'If you know me, you'll know that it's anything that Obama likes to listen to...',1
'All pathetic, psychotic, braindead right wing radical cracked teanut dopes should listen to your leaders. They warned you about the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evading draft dodger during the primaries when they were able to tell he truth about this moron.  \r\nLyin Willardo, the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evader, bankrupter, draft dodger, job outsourcer and Etch A Sketch Champion may have vision of going back home to Mexico.  \r\nAll braindead pathetic right wing radical cracked teanuts should listen to your leaders.  \r\nRick the Dick Santarium has brainwashed his followers, the evangelicals and the gay rapist, pedophile catholic priests that lyin' Willardo is a member of an evil cult and is the anti-christ. He also told them that lyin Willardo is the worst person in history to ever run for the presidency, can't be trusted and will destroy our country. Groper Nutquist, the boss of the right wing cracked teanuts and Nut Gingerhead, the criminal lobbyist, totally agreed with the last three assessments.  \r\nSo most of the evangelical sheep will probably stay home on election day or some may even vote for Obama. They are totally scared to death of lyin Willardo, the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evader, bankrupter, job outsourcer, draft dodger and Etch A Sketch champion.  \r\nIf this repuke draft dodger ever became president, and war broke out in the middle east, he will be putting his dog on the top of his car and fleeing to his birthplace in Tijuana and hide in one of his 4 grandmammy's (pappy's side only) outhouses.',0
'Do not hire this woman...there's nothing funny about this.',1
'You're right Degree. And the only way to stop being his workhorse & his broodmare is to divorce him, preferably BEFORE the breeding begins.',1
'Only one hotel owner is doing this? How about giving us the names of the hotels who are booting Sandy survivors out for the marathoners. Maybe some bad publicity will change their minds.',1
'as soon as one lies to the office, you're guaranteed a ticket.  they have heard every lie and every excuse, and most cops have seriously sharp bullsh*t detectors, and they take being lied to personally.',1
'Homemade candy containing soap,, came from my moms's best friend,,,,never did like that woman as a child,,  By the way she did not know me in my mask,, never had us to remove it,',1
'Not that there's anything wrong with that.',1
'273 romney',1
'Agreed, Chef80.       But both you and I will get blasted for seeing through the hate.  she is a pretty girl, and she tried to take a negative situation and make something positive out of it.  So the haters will hate..  Because they don't want positives.  But are too blind to see who and how they really are.',1
'Apparently Mutts ears aren't hearing what's coming out of his mouth!',1
'Bet you this cop is a close friend of Sheriff Joe Arpaio.',0
'communist party...democratic party...who cares...as long as Mitt goes back to were he came from and we never have to hear from him again...I'll be happy:)',1
'pop her and move on',1
'why don't you go someplace else    like another country',1
'This doesn't surprise me at all.  And I wouldn't be surpsrised that many American manufactured vehicles are purposely inaccurate as well.  Anything to get you to buy, buy, buy.',1
'I agree, some of the music is ok, but, it isn't like George Strait, Alan Jackson, and the big wigs of the past.\r\n \r\n I can't even listen to Carrie Underwood. Her music blows me away with all the high pitches (don't like something that makes me nervous, and, that I want to turn down or off on the radio.)\r\n \r\n As for Taylor Swift, well whatever the young ones like, I’m not impressed. \r\n \r\nMartin McBride never gets the real credit she deserves. She is class act with real charm.',1
'BRILLIANT... God I love two.',1
'organized crime == organized labor',1
'The interest rate returns you are seeking are in dividend-paying stocks. You're blogging on a money blog and don't know that? Some stocks are returning 13 percent in interest on top of stock gains. These are REITS. You need to get help from a financial planner. Ben Bernanke saved the stock market and has kept the dollar weak so foreigners could buy more of our goods which translates into more Americans working and fewer on the streets. Don't be a saver -- be an investor. That's the American Dream to invest enough to be able to retire early. If you don't understand how to start --- ask for advice from a financial planner or just sign up at Scottrade and research stocks for free at MSN MONEY.',1
'This one I dont like...Jonas was famous for too short a period to be significant. Needless to say his life is of no interest to me',1
'not being good at math (all those dice confused me!), i was a D&D groupie. probably the only one in existence. i watched other people play D&D. i lived a fantasy life vicariously through them.',1
'Commitment, Communication, Openness and Relatives that live on another planet.',1
'I am soooo proud of you all who voted to ban puppy mills.',1
'CMA AWARDS SHOW is just another event for the women to flaunt their wares (show their breasts and anthing else they can expose) to all the men there...........sick  ​ ening how the country music arena has become a sex crazed arena.  Half of the men and women who call themselves country singers are just up there prancing around yelling (they call it singing).',1
'Probably the ugliest thing I have ever seen on people's feet. I have seen bunions that look better.',1
'This girl is cute and she has a beautiful figure! (no one wants to be a BONE)  It's just ignorant to use the disaster as a backdrop....duh!!!',1
'I agree.  You should watch the video of the dog that catches the salmon after the Sandy devastation.  He catches it and just trots back toward his house like, "I dont need no stinkin' pole".......',1
'Well Fortunate Son....I also expected you to say a Woman, but you didn't.\r\n \r\nAnd what is that a picture of...',1
'DUMB!!',1
'...And I no longer trust Obama with the signing of NDAA.  Both Dems and Reps are poison to this nation's recovery.',0
'SEE WHAT  HAPPENS WHEN YOU GIVE SMART PHONES TO DUMB PEOPLE?!!!!?!???',1
'Why would people have an effect on the weather?  There are only one billion cars on the roads on this planet.  There are only six billion people that are consuming the earth's resources.  It stands to reason that us using energy and polluting the skies wouldn't effect anything at all.',1
'just goes to show what kind of people living in nyc.....',1
'You not only have a low credit score, you obviously have a low IQ. We aren't talking election here, bird brain.',1
'a future welfare recipient or felonious character, may as well get them used to it at an early age,,,,give the cop a medal and sue the parents for teaching their kid disrespect',0
'Damn must be competing with Gene Simmons @2:57.\r\n\r\nDisney sure produced a lot of "Freaky" chicks, Hmmmmmmmm.',1
'I'm a retired cop after 32 years.  As for the courtesy drop I always would get around it by placing a plus sign after the actual speed written on the ticket.  For example if the person was going 60 MPH and I wanted to give him a drop of 5 MPH I would write on the ticket 55+.  This way I would testify that he was going at least 55 and probably faster.',1
'I have a 6 year old nephew who likes to hug his friends in school. and never heard of hugging injuries it's absurd. hugging is an expression of affection if it were so bad then women wouldn't always be complaining about their mates not hugging them quite often. enough is enough now days with so many insane rules and since it's public school I suggest those parents who are mostly the ones paying for public schools to be available from their property taxes stand up against public schools and demand stupid rules be eliminated. the only schools that should be allowed so many restrictions should be private ones.',1
'Actually, there is a positive side to this stupidity: since you have to scroll down to lose this crap, you also scroll past the annoying ads on the top right.',1
'You can't change human nature and your new boss is so going to keep your wages low and will beat your spirit lower. 19th century all over becuase just by human nature the guy with all the money is going to keep it.....no matter how bad you get screwed. Look to china you non union idiots. Blood has to flow again before your going to open your eyes.',1
'@Silverbeatle - you just displayed your supreme ignorance of the subject. \r\n Restaurant workers are paid BELOW the regular minimum wage that applies to everyone else, and are expected to make up that hourly rate via tips. \r\n Trash guys - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour. Teachers - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour.\r\n Mechanics - guaranteed minimum wage. - $7.25 per hour.\r\n \r\n Restaurant workers - the federal tipped minimum wage is $2.13 per hour.',1
'Julia Rodriguez, a Democratic delegate from New York, is reportedly under investigation by the Secret Service after she told a reporter at the Democratic National Convention that she would like to "kill" GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney.',0
'of course if you look closely at the picture of the girls hugging, they look like 3 year olds.  MEDIA's attempt to slant the news.',1
'CBS reports on Mitt Romney. You will have to wait for the short commercial at the beginning of the clip.\r\n \r\n Click on the link below and get the first glimpse of a change in the thinking of the CBS News team on an opponent of Barack Obama.',0
'Are these family farms the subject of this discussion?  Forced labor by bigger institutions than family farms seems to be what is being uncovered here.  Family farms that raise their children to work hard on a daily basis is something that we obviously have always practiced here in the U.S. also, but I interpreted this story to be something other than being about family farms.',1
'If you sue them then your just taking food out of the other animals dish.',1
'Seems like reasonable advice to me. These are common mistakes. It sounds like you've made a few of them and refuse to admit you were wrong.',1
'Yea, Get rid of Unions and see what happens to your wages and vacations.. Some people sound smarter when they dont say anything....',1
'they should be able to vote its their future',1
'Let's put the drinking age back to 18 now!',1
'Prodigy_Icon \r\nThat is an intelligent post. \r\nNo wonder people hate unions. \r\nTypical Union Comment',1
'Who is Kate Moss?',1
'what do you expect from a city run by bloomburg....boot the homeless so you can make money, but oooo by the way, no sodas over 16 oz......congrats to this hotel owner....',1
'In fact I did and it ties no direct path to the question posed above which reads. “Would you want a bodyguard who can’t handle his weapons?”  It does state that it is currently being viewed as an accident, but no further details will be provided until the investigation is complete.  On that note the source article does also make this statement. “In spite of its marketing as a “safe action pistol” there have been numerous incidents of what is known as “negligent discharge””.  So apparently the man isn’t alone in this type of “accident”.  So I stand by the idea that one should wait for further information before asking such a question.',1
'Honestly, the music quality last night was horrible for most performers.  I know this is a live show, but I think some of the performers didn't bring their "A" game to the stage.  There must have been an epidemic of motorboatin' and red solo cups backstage... sad to say.   I believe the song "I am a little bit country, and I am a little bit rock n' roll" has converged into one in what Country music has become.  I love all genres of music and while I am partial to country, CMA does not stand for Country as it once was and that is sad.  George... please do not make this your final tour!  I know Country is known for drinking and done me wrong songs, but listening to the words to some of new music makes me cringe when it becomes a role model for our kids.  While I have my favorites (George, Reba, Brad, Carrie, Lady Antebellum), I wish to give kudos to Kelly Clarkson & Vince Gill for their song last night... loved it!',1
'I really like russell great actor and his backing for president Obama smart guy unlike you republicons.Mitt Romney couldn't fix a flat.',1
'buddadon -- the analogy/"foot" comment I made was a tad snarky. My bad...\r\nMJ -- not one person that I've thrown out the Harry Reid response to has ever offered a rebuttal of any kind...\r\nFOGuy -- LMFAO!!!',1
'My dog can do tricks, too.  He can drink out of the toilet... through a straw.',1
'How about suing God? \r\nOh yeah... God doesn't have a checkbook.',1
'Craziest thing I ever saw at a wedding was me saying "I do"...what was I thinking????',1
'Yes, Minnie.',1
'Actually, a box of Mitt's magic underwear was mailed to the White House by mistake and President Obama dicided to try one on. What you see is the result.',1
'I'm just glad taylor swift didn't win it........',1
'after i got out of the navy i took a job in a weld shop that made pipe supports for the alaskan pipeline. my second day on the job three guys came up to me and told me i had to slow down. they said i was making them look bad. they didnt like it when i said maybe your making yourself look bad. kind of like someone in the white house its someone elses fault!',1
'finaly a good example of gun ownership the media decided to publish',1
'Theres a program out at Office Max that you can buy that will actually give you my IP address... If you have such a problem with me... Feel free to purchase such program... I must warn you though.... I have 11 guns in all.... All are loaded and ready for fire',0
'Waitress and waiters receive some of the lowest wages of any US citizens.  Employers depend on the other guests to make up the difference with tips.  I wonder if this single Mom was ever a waitress trying to provide for her children, I bet her service provider is a parent, too.  Perhaps service people should be paid a fair wage, then this whole tipping debate would be a moot point.  P.S. in case your wondering, I provide a minimum of 20% when I eat out [as a single parent].',1
'They all smudge it to their benifit... no matter how gentle you drive it, it is almost impossible to ascertain the mileage they claim...',1
'Lawyer or dumbsh*t? I'd say the latter.',0
'It helps to keep the little buggers out of trouble.',0
'What are you...\r\n \r\nExcuse me, I'm sorry.  What I meant to say is :\r\n \r\n"JUST WHAT IN THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?"',1
'@kdreynolds\r\nSandy was one heck of a devistation, but i meant the traditional halloween pranks that always seems to get someone hurt. Detroit is typically associated with fires on halloween, and some idiot is always trying to hurt children via candy. But I am thrilled to no end to find out that no children in the US were hurt this year. Not even a report this morning about anything bad happening.',1
'The man is mentally challenged. Give him a break. By the way he'll make a fantastic president. Opps I press  the wrong button......',1
'Really... so you DIDN'T read the article? lol. So typical- knee jerk reaction from half the title.',1
'16 and pregnant should not make you famous.  Watching that show contributes to the downfall of this country.\r\n\r\nAnorexia and way too underweight will cause infertility.   Eat a cheeseburger, Giuliana.  Eat a bunch of them.  Maybe then you could have a baby without a surrogate, for cryin out loud. Also, have somebody check your wardrobe before you pose for photos.  There is a thread hanging off your dress... wait.  That's your arm.  Never mind.',1
'Ah yes, Unions, the folks that brought, um not you, but overpaid civil servants, protected "tradesmen" who do nothing and unskilled laborers (IATSE stagehands anyone?) economy killing pension benefits unearned and undeserved. \r\nShouldn't we allow people who actually WANT to work to... work?\r\nIt's tough giving up your entitlements, especially when you get to sleep in in the morning, but let workers be workers and you go to the unemployment line.',1
'WELL. e.e',1
'What about the POTUS's handling of security in Bengazi before and after the murder of Amb. Stevens and three Americans???   He had cables and e-mails warning of vulnerabilities at the compound and live video streaming at the time of the attack and did nothing!   Where are the brains there?  Where is the caring and concern there?  POTUS hides behind a stupid unrelated video in his speech at the UN conference and hides behind Hilary who is the only one who has guts enough to take responsibility.',1
'Another human travesty all for the sake of the almighty dollar so corporate heads can keep getting million dollar compensation packages.  If these atrocities are uncovered, addressed head-on, resolved so that the issue is eliminated, maybe then we can become a better world.\r\n \r\nUncover them.  Apple has faced the heat (and continues to do so overseas) for their supply chain practicing immoral employment tactics.  Apple has people directly oversea or at least audit these situations, however, no one can tell whether they are 100% compliant --- we all hope so.\r\n \r\nCorporations (the leading decision-makers) need to open up their conscience and let some of that money go that they get for facilitating this type of practice and the profits that are manifested by it.  The shareholders (corporate and you and me) just need to realize that profits many times will go down, but there's still enought money to go around so that everyone benefits.  \r\n \r\nI have for the last three decades that it's time that we as a society and world now need to make concessions and compromises, for what we are doing is wrong.  We will all survive, and some will just have to go without that 120 feet boat that they so direly need...',1
'i will have to check that out.  I liked the other versions.',1
'Kept my attention',1
'I am putting $5 on Meysi. Staying with a low amount. I don't have a whole lot of faith in the "dog". Can't quite go with the mantis though.',0
'What a loser!!!  Wonder were this incident occurred?',1
'HELLO;  My name is Larry and have worked for a gas utility for over 30 years as a ditch digger and burying gas pipe.  On call 24 hrs. a day 7 days a week 365 days a year. With no excuses for not reporting to work when called .  No stand by pay either.  I come from a industrial state (michigan) . I'm not going back to the early 1900's either we should all know what the history books say in regards to forced child labor,prohibition, and saftey labor laws that did not protect laborers.  \r\n\r\n  I belonged to a labor union and did everything to support them. Was the sargent of arms for a long time. We can all blame unions for everything, but if we have a union brother or sister not pulling there own it is the unions fault for letting then get away with it. and making us look bad.  Nobody is going to make the union look bad in front of me or my other brothers look bad by goofing off, stealing ,or not doing there job. Unions are to police there  own members and assist the company in making a profit. When they make more so do I and my union Brothers and Sisters.\r\n\r\n  A Union is only as good as its members.',1
'How anyone can chain smoke the way this "chef" does and pretend to be a gourmand or gourmet is a big joke perpetrated on his fans.  Science has proven conclusively that smoking severely dulls not only one's sense of taste, but also that of smell - which plays a huge part in one's sense of taste.',1
'All I can say is that whenever in the past when I followed the advice of being polite, the cop usually wrote me a ticket.  I usually won't fight them because the money isn't worth the bother.  But one time I was so obviously right that I took it to court and the judge reprimanded the cop and threw it out right there and then. \r\nNow I don't bother being polite.  Instead I tell the cop off, tell him where he is wrong and how I will take him to court and beat him on it.  I do so while quoting the law.  Knowledge is power.  One time I even told the cop that the way he made the stop was hazardous and illegal and that I would be taking that to court as well.  This time and last 2 other times I have done this over the last 10 years, the cop has just dropped it.  They don't want to go to court and actually have to prove their case.  There are too many other "polite" people out there they can make their quota with.',1
'I have a question, if a disaster of this proportion would strike anywhere else in the world, the U.S.A. would be there in a heartbeat to help. So this, I don't care if were the biggest kid on the block, why isn't other nations offering to come in and help us with this major disaster? why the one way road? Are we to proud, or do other nations think help from us is a one way road!! In two weeks we could see a lot of snow fly in the effected area's, just what kind of disaster will we have then:) The next time there is a disaster outside the U.S. we should re-consider our aid and support, unless the nation we help is not able to reciprocate.',1
'The unemployment rate is determined by the number of people who claim unemployment each week.  If you're unemployed, you need to check in once a week (or every other week) and say that you're unemployed.  This is why these two numbers don't appear linked.  Jobs can go up while unemployment does also.  It simply depends on the number of peoiple claiming to be unemployed.',1
'Messy, messy, messy!  I never knew Geoff Tate was married.  I always thought he was gay, especially after he shaved his hair.  Whatever.  Who knew?!  I always did like Queensryche, though, back in the early days.',1
'I love Tim and Faith but yes last night was weird, They both had that neck thing going on. They both look great but had the necks of 80year olds. The show overall was ok. I love Blake and Miranda. Funny to think just a few years ago Tim and Faith were the power couple. Times have changed and so has COUNTRY.. its all pop but what I realize is that it is the kids that buy music these days and that is what sells. It will all come around ful circle it ialways does. My girls are wearing clothes I wore in jr high...lol',1
'The whole trend of not keeping score is driven by the idea that they are all winners and was the founding principle of this school of thought, so it is not a "straw man thrust upon the position", it is the default position of your entire argument. You are asking me the same questions that I've already answered in my previous post, you have posed nothing new, you're just twisting the message and saying the same things over again like it will lend them any credence.',1
'The article is NOT about illegal immigration; grow up.',1
'Says to me, "Another Romney lie? Go figure!"',1
'I can only imagine what it must have been like to attend highschool with Uncle Mitt.....He very well may have had peons to carry his books......He gives new meaning to the word analogy.  Will he ever be able to remove that silver spoon?',1
'Years ago I told the union I was in to go pound sand. I left the union and went into management while vesting my years in the union When it came time for me to collect on my pension I was told that I did not qualify for it. Again I told them to go pound sand and to this day I will not buy anything union made and I will talk these bastard's down every time an opportunity comes my way. How people can pay extorsion money is beyond me. i'am doing just fine with the money I make and work for Without paying extorsion dues. God bless America',1
'So  $74 a year salary when you retire .. Ha Ha ..... must be talking about the middle class you know those making $200-250K a year. What a joke !!!',1
'Finally.',1
'koo         how many college students are NOT finding work at this time ? \r\n                there is a movement at this time by those college  grads  to vote obama out',0
'Most honest people on the hill, "what are you a total Idiot"!\r\nTrue patriot, is that why she went to a US flag burning.',1
'Thats Funny!',1
'President listens to Obama-Girl sing: \r\n "Crush On Obama"!',1
'The day I...first met you...You told me we weren't gonna fall in love.\r\nbut you were...So darn cute...I couldn't stand but to give you a hug.',1
'I suggest you all go to where folks can enter their REAL MPG! \r\n  \r\nThe more we can publicize this website and get it populated with real data, the LESS we need to rely on EPA stickers. \r\n  \r\nAnd yes, in fact some cars do better than EPA, many of the diesels in particular. \r\n  \r\nPlease pass this on!',1
'Pardon me for being trying to be a bigger azz than yourself,  mental maggot. \r\nI heard 90 percent of the people on-line think your horses make more\r\nsense and spell better than you do....so there!',1
'I am so sick and tired of the incorrect remarks in these blogs in response to news articles. Does any one ever read the whole article before making their out landish remarks. \r\n  \r\nThe article clearly states, no one was turned away and in fact non union workers were working alongside union workers. \r\n  \r\nAnd you people get to vote, .... poor america, no wonder a total flip flopper like Mitt can gather support ...... what a shamefull display of American ignorance.',1
'OMG...I've been married 6 times and finally figured it out for me, I like being single.\r\nI can date when  want to and  the freedom is wonderful.',1
'I'll drink to that!',1
'Ask the question to the Australian government,....it is nobody in America's business.',1
'I agree with so many of the posts. It's not country anymore, it doesn't have that edge, but you know what? I LOVE IT! Old style country I tended to tolerate rather than embrace. This new breed of country grabs me by the ears.\r\n I hope the older style doesn't disappear completely, but all these new artists are a shot in the arm to country music which was getting rather stale.',1
'Yes JD is a great drink!',1
'WOW she must not of ever waited tables or worked in customer service businesses either.  Waiting tables is one of the hardest jobs, waiting on the public can be very tough & unappreciative.  I waited tables for years even after it help put me through nursing school.  If I have a new waiter/waitress I can tell, so I tell them please tell your customers you are new at this & please have patience.  If you aren't new @ waiting tables then I start them @ 20% if they earn it they get it if they don't then I tell them why they didn't get the full 20% but I have never not left something.  The money on the table is their bill money not their check!  If you can afford to have a $140.00 check, single mom or not, is not an excuse to not tip, that's just plain WRONG!  This person should be very ashamed of herself & go grocery shopping & eat at home.',1
'County musicians have such class.  You don't see the entertainers all drugged up, you don't have to listen to lyrics about killing people or listen to four letter words.  The CMA's are something the whole family can watch.  Country music has changed but the entertainers haven't. They are sincere, they tell a story about love, family and country life.  Sooo I wasn't surprised by the stupid headline "the worst highlights".  This is so typical of MSN, which is as far left as you can get.  They would rather report about all the dump things the  Hollywood  misfits do everyday. There's definitely more to report .  Like a typical liberal they cannot say anything nice about anything or anybody with out getting in a few jabs.  The CMA is one of the best events on TV and the only time I watch that liberal station.  I wish they would air it on the CMT station.',1
'It's true, they do love to play dead.  My neighbor's cat has been doing this in the middle of the road for like 4 days now.  Absolutely nothing will seem to make this cat give it up and come inside.',1
'Bachmann is an idiot.  Fluke is highly intelligent.  You disagree, because your criterion for establishing intelligence is how well their opinions comport with your own and not how well she reasons.\r\n\r\nThere ARE intelligent conservatives.  Bachmann is not among them.',1
'It is hillarious that this woman's name is Hill... and she lives in Texas.\r\n \r\nI wonder if she's any relation to Hank?',1
'if America is your country then why aren't you willing to speak English,\r\n \r\nit's people like you who have been tearing this country apart,\r\ndemanding the country change to suite what you want.\r\n \r\nas the old saying goes,\r\n \r\ndon't criticize a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.',1
'I think not,he is just saying that he doesn't give a ****,how can you compare a situation like this to a foot ball game,so how dumb can one be to use this as a comparison or analogy,you are just trying to down play his remarks.So what is your take on his forty percent remark?..I am sure if it was OBAMA said it you wouldn't be trying to down play his remark..Any way that how it is with Republicans',1
'Just Stuck...\r\n \r\nDid you read the article? What I got from the article was that ALTHOUGH the union guys didn't technically send the non-union guys packing, they also didn't allow them to do any work either. I guess all the people that are still without power will gladly accept your technical loophole....if they have an IQ of about 80.  But you're right, let's just EAT THE RICH!  That should fix everything.',1
'HUH? WHAT? R U speaking English?',1
'I <3 NY',1
'I'd pay for a PBR before I drank a free Bud or Bud Light.',1
'sue sue sue sue, human error is no longer allowed, which I find odd since we can never obtain perfection',1
'He is hardly a bum!!!   I am quite sure his income bracket is higher than yours',1
'Earlier this week, the Press Trust of India that the United States will "be spending a whopping $200 million per day on President Barack Obama's visit" to Mumbai.  \r\nThe story lacked a named source, and the $200 million claim was credited to "a top official of the Maharashtra Government privy to the arrangements for the high-profile visit." \r\nThe claim quickly gained traction on the right, thanks in part to a link on the conservative news aggregator The Drudge Report. Among those citing it is Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann, who on how she would reduce the deficit by citing the cost of the presidential trip.  \r\n"Well I think we know that just within a day or so, the president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day," she said. "He's taking two thousand people with him. He'll be renting out over 870 rooms in India. And these are 5-star hotel rooms at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel. This is the kind of over-the-top spending, it's a very small example, Anderson." \r\nCBS News asked the White House about the story yesterday, and the White House said in an email that "The numbers reported in this article have no basis in reality."  \r\n"Due to security concerns, we are unable to outline details associated with security procedures and costs, but it's safe to say these numbers are wildly inflated," the official said.  \r\nAt his press briefing today, White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said that while he would not get into the costs of protecting President Obama, they are "comparable" to what they have been for past presidents in similar circumstances.',1
'Guiliana wanted a baby more than anything in the world. She miscarried, went through IVF, and then found out she had breast cancer. Hormone shots, Finally through surragocy, she was lucky enough to have a son. Two weeks after receiving her "miracle baby" she's back to work. Now this is what I don't understand: You spend thousands and tens of thousands of dollars to have a child you tell everyone is your only dream - that which will make your marriage complete and then you go back to work after two weeks. STAY HOME and be a mom. God knows you have enough money and if necessary, do a special now and again, but stay home and be a mom!',1
'You must be a toad???? Would you like an apple?',0
'If they dig up Romney,he still wont be president.',1
'5 in the center aka community cards and 2 in your hand budltgrl.  texas hold 'em is the game he won',1
'Well that settles it!  You're damn fugly and she's just fugly.',1
'some people have too much time and too much money',1
'Egghead, He spells it the way he wants too.....no different than me calling you a libturd.....get it. \r\nAre you stupid?',0
'"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."\r\n \r\n(BTW, the "Taken" quote was MINE, dammut!)',1
'In most states, a pet owner can only sue for "market value" of the pet and since Zion was a lab mix, he is not considered to be worth much. It would costs more in attorney's fees than the owner would get. \r\n \r\nIf people could get compensation for "sentimental" value, veterinary fees would have to go up dramatically to cover liability insurance. Kennels, dog walkers, even family and friends watching your pet would be at risk for a lawsuit.  (I work in the veterinary field and this has been a hot topic for the past several years.)\r\n \r\nIt sucks, I know. I have been seeing  photos of animals (in addition to the people) lost in Sandy and it makes me want to never leave my dog ever again.',1
'President Obama listening to a Romney robo call stating Obama was born in Kenya, is a Muslim, a commuinist, a facist, caused hurricane Sandy and has koodies.',1
'Yup, I can't wait to celebrate his going away party either.',1
'Just think of this fact.  If all the money there were pumped into this election cycle were pumped into pay for workers, the unemployment rate would be at or below 6.5%  This is getting crazy as all it does is divide this once great nation!',1
'Derek is a brilliant choreographer.  \r\nGilles should win this season, he should have won the last time he was on DWTS. \r\nHe dances like the Pros.',1
'If there were no Expert Witness and no on-line Barnes and Noble site, so that the Byrne piece was physically printed on paper somewhere in the world like it was still 1979 or something, and I had read that it existed but the printed location was as elusive as good arts writing was then, I would right now be driving from library to library in this town hoping that they had the publication I was looking for.\r\n\r\nI guess that's an acknowledgement of the value of technology and instant access, but what it's intended to be is a compliment to Bob for how astonishingly well he does those long forms, chock-a-block with info and with critical assessment. Or to steal from his Townshend book review, his writing gathers "explanatory mojo" by focusing on, packing in, layering, and then re-layering explanatory content.',1
'I saw them five times from 1974 to 1988. Four were great but the 1977 show sucked for obvious reasons!',1
'I think I just died a little inside...',1
'Since day one my wife and I had an agreement that if ever a hard decision came up I would make the call. If it was an easy decision my wife would make the call. As of today 22yrs later we have never had a hard decision come up!',1
'WHAT ME WORRY?',1
'Not getting divorced.',1
'Zelda...way to hold the fort, kid!! \r\nTaking on all comers intelligently and impressively...with some late inning relief from Elwood!!! LOL',1
'Damn Viper....you really are a Party Animal....and sorry, no offense but you sure do look like an animal in your pic :)) glad it was good!!!',1
'Thank you TabbyK for understanding what I meant.  However no quarantine is needed unless there is an open wound.  Some type of injury had to be sustained to order a quarantine.',1
'I saw them on Dec 6, 1979 in Portland Me. It was my 17th birthday. They come onstage and after 5 songs Steve Tyler passed out. They kept us waiting for 2 hours to see if he would come to. He never did and they canceled the show.',1
'I hate to sound like some smuck but once you clasify your relationship as "marrying up" or "marrying down" you will likely have problems. Marriage is a partnership...not employment.',1
'I got an idea do not give your money to any other person ever. How can your money be important to someone who looks at numbers all day. I have saved and every time some investment guy calls and gives the prospectus. It is nothing that helps you , they like to take as much of your money as they can. To many people in this country are not liquid it is all assets. Save your money yourself because nobody else cares about you they just want to steal your money.',1
'As bad as the 2012-13 Lakers.',1
'I see a hot looking chick with a nice rack who looks like she wants to be banged hard and put away wet.',1
'OMG. You are an idiot.  Keep drinking the koolaid.',1
'And once more, two million of my brain cells cry out in agony, and are suddenly silenced...',1
'You could get a purse to put them in!',1
'I love chocolate, but I'll now think twice about buying a hershey product',0
'Tom Wolfe's essay on American intellectuals also summarizes the origins of Fascism and Nazism rather well. Here is one excerpt from it: \r\n\r\n\r\n"Fascism" was, in fact, a Marxist coinage. Marxists borrowed the name of Mussolini's Italian party, the Fascisti, and applied it to Hitler's Nazis, adroitly papering over the fact that the Nazis, like Marxism's standard-bearers, the Soviet Communists, were revolutionary socialists. In fact, "Nazi" was (most annoyingly) shorthand for the National Socialist German Workers' Party. European Marxists successfully put over the idea that Nazism was the brutal, decadent last gasp of "capitalism."',0
'cmon carrie's blown away song...is just a song..and she did her usual fantastic job on it',0
'He's obviously pretty upset, but I'm not sure how he thinks it will help the problem. There will always be people who abuse and kill, no public awareness message will stop them. It's the ones being abused who need to get the message---to leave. If that inspires a woman to leave her abuser than I guess it's a good thing. But I'm thinking this is more a grief response. Now, using his connections and visibility to open a safe-house would be a more practical approach. Helping women find jobs, setting up situations for people to donate so centers can stay open, now that's doing things.',1
'What's the matter? lula character didn't work?',1
'Name one, just to shut me the FK up!  Call me out!!!',1
'knowing that being right is not always as important as being supportive,  Being alway happier to see your spouse coming in the door than going out the door.',1
'I took a couple of hits of a joint at an Iron Maiden concert. The couple standing next to me had pulled one out and I looked over at them while they were lighting it and just smiled. Next thing I knew they were passing it my way. I wasn't going to be driving and my kids were staying the night with my parents so I figured "what the heck."',1
'Ai Wey!',1
'All commies think they are moderates.',1
'You may not like what you get with Obama but you might like Romney less if elected. According to a speech by Grover Norquist with Romney you won't get a president you'll get a rubber stamp for Ryan.\r\n  \r\nAll we have to do is replace Obama. ... We are not auditioning for fearless leader. We don't need a president to tell us in what direction to go. We know what direction to go. We want the Ryan budget. ... We just need a president to sign this stuff. We don't need someone to think it up or design it. The leadership now for the modern conservative movement for the next 20 years will be coming out of the House and the Senate. \r\nThe requirement for president? \r\nPick a Republican with enough working digits to handle a pen to become president of the United States. This is a change for Republicans: the House and Senate doing the work with the president signing bills. His job is to be captain of the team, to sign the legislation that has already been prepared',1
'Don't know if it helps or not (never got pulled over) but when the FOP calls for donations I always send in something and get a sticker for my windshield. A 25 dollar donation may save you a few hundred',0
'What? The fans cant express they dont want to share a figurative bed with someone with no championship ring in the near future?',1
'Fat Tire Belgian-style Ale out of Ft. Collins, CO, is an excellent brew, even if it is a bit pricey.  Surprisingly, Killian's Irish Red (actually now brewed by Molson-Coors) is comparable.  Killian's used to be a true Ireland-brewed Ireland-owned red ale, but Killian's was bought by Coors about 25 years ago, and it is now actually a red lager, not a red ale.  Still not bad.',1
'........looked in the mirror lately?',1
'STFU!!!! Make sure you capitalize then!!!!',0
'Listen to me, you morons. My mother is a single mom too, and every year we go to a restaurant once. And we pay a lot. We DO tip, but it is hard for a single mother to even go out to eat. IF any of you even knew what a single day in our life is like. You'd run over to this woman and apologize for even getting pissed. You guys are ****ing stupid sometimes. I really can't believe you.',1
'Bond...James Bond!!!  007 will always trump the likes of also-rans such as Harry Potter, who's just a tyke trying to climb atop the heap that Bond established 50 years ago.  A tip of the hat to the superspy, and a brisk martini, shaken not stirred, to boot!!!',1
'and you wonder why cops don't get any respect...',1
'You know i am a little disapointed in the human race right now. You all do not know this woman or the amount of kids she has or if that was a special night for one of them. All you know is what that waiter wants you to know. I do not all ways tip either and it is not because the waiting person does a bad job but because i can only buget in so much for the family to go out on and it sometimes is not enough to tip. So for those of you that think that the only thing that is important is the tip heres a tip: You are the ones that can cause a place to go out of business so be careful of what you say about your customers cause it could backfire.',1
'Am I the only person that has always found her to be really, really ugly?',1
'just like OSHA,  big business needs it gone so they can go back to the old way of business.  Work you to death and no weekend, holidays, or vactions.  That's the American Way.  It's right around the corner',1
'What doesn't make sense to Giuliana Rancic may make sense to a 16 yr. old. This show is about the true reality of having a baby at the Young and Immature age of 16. The show is there to educate teens of the reality and consequences of having a baby at such a young age! If she doesn't like the show then she should NOT be watching it. The ratings are fairly good and that is why the show has been brought back for several seasons. Giulinana should NOT be judging people, although WE ALL tend to sometimes go that route. I DO NOT agree with her BUT WILL NOT Bash her either. As far as her having a nanny or even nanny's take care of her child, she has the money to do it so let her. By her having a nanny she is MISSING out on as much as the teens are when it comes to being around their child and that is something she will regret later in life!!',1
'I know unions suck the lifeblood from everyone and only benefit union members. That's all I need to know. If you don't hire someone because of color, that's racism, because of sex, sexism, because they aren't connected, union.',1
'That is so dumb it's like accepting drugs from a stranger at a concert...(you can't get any dumber)...',1
'The rules have got to be applied the exact same to all.',1
'I did catch my husband in his workshop with a younger woman 3 mos. ago. She was drugging him with toluache(Datura). We have been married 43 yrs. He said he wanted to tell me that he didn't think our relationship was great, that he doesn't like to talk to me and  that he had selected his 2nd wife. Of course since the beachfront property and business is in my name, he doesn't want to leave cause he "loves me" and since it was only sex not love well he thinks we should go back to our relationship the way it was. We can't go back cause that relationship doesn't exist anymore. Now he acts like it was my fault he screws around. I am advised to do nothing for the moment. We have a big house so he can sleep, eat and live anywhere he wants but not with me. I didn't move here to bust my butt so he can have his street ho's. Oh yeah I was sick for over a year and his statement that he had needs is full of hot air.. I had needs and I still have them so does that make it ok for me to go out and look for a younger man? Legally I don't have to give him anything until I sell but he is welcomed to leave any time. I have time on my side since I am much better health-wise. The best part is that I am thinner and look younger. I Am praying more and am looking forward to the rest of my life. He broke the marriage contract not me. He knew there would be consequences but isn't sure what they are......DUH',1
'Man...that doobie was good.',1
'horrible celebrity........fin  ​ e woman...',1
'Mc Donalds anyone?',1
'What does Obama have to do with your personal financial situation?  why does everything have to be political?  you people kill me with this bull.',1
'NO YOU CANT TOUCH MINE.  YOU BROKE YOURS OFF.',1
'Really? I can't believe people are so cruel to say that it "is just a dog". Obviously you have never experienced the love and devotion that they give. They don't care what kind of day you had, what you look like, if you are sad or mad. I have rescued since I was a teen and there have been 15 so far. The one that we just lost knew when my husband had low blood sugar and would wake him before it was too late and she wasn't trained to do that. Each one of their personalities are different too so to say that it can be replaced is wrong. Maybe you should keep your thoughts to yourselves instead of being hurtful. I would have the love of a dog any day than to be friends with people like you. It says a lot about a person......the way he treats animals. Shame on all of you!',1
'I took some LSD at an Ozzy Osborne concert back in 1981. I had a great time too.',1
'A CPAP is not inexpensive unless it is prescribed by a sleep specialist and covered by insurance. For one who suffers from sleep apnea, though, it can literally be a life saver (which I can tell you from personal experience). It still, however, will not help one GET to sleep.%0D%0DYes, a comfortable dark room has helped me as well as removing distractions. Doing or watching or reading something inane rather than brain-stimulating has also helped me. Sex works, too! :-)',0
'Good grief, look at the first few songs on her new album:\r\n\r\n1 - Gonna bang you senseless\r\n2 - You must be blind (if you think I'm pretty)\r\n3 - Requiem for a starlet\r\n4 - Lip sync stink\r\n5 - Fill me up',0
'I like it',1
'They deserve one another...',1
'SMH Then you should have been put in jail. Tampering with someone's food is a hell of a lot more serious that not tipping.',1
'it just never stops..how much greed??  we are in Iraq for future positioning in the Oil Market..in China..whose people have despised us for centuries and do not care about the value of human life...  third world countries who make .30 a day..OUTSOURCING???  it just goes on and on...WHAT HAPPENED???  No one cares anymore..we have been trusting and the guys in Washington and that own the Corparations know it.',1
'It's better to be single than supprt a unmotivated dead beat.  It is srprising how many of these guys think that they "are the man" and should controll all the decisions.  I think that two incomes, split the joint expenses by the percent of income, with each earner keeping the rest for discressionary spending.  This way both are motivated to succeed. In case of divorce, most assets have been split.  And also, get a prenup.\r\n \r\nA guy thought he would marry my daughter and she would pay his $100k debt, support him through school, and move where ever he got a job.  His parents and past girfriends ruined him.  My daughter, showed him how to get out of debt, got him in school, and sent him on his way.  Not a keeper and even if you love him he was way too messed up.  He resented her for leading him.',1
'I agree because it is total bull that she got all the plastic surgery with no mention to her husband of how horrible she looked prior to all the surgery. He is the victim here as well as the baby who has to live the rest of its life looking like a turd. An actual hybrid human turd. **** his ex wife.',1
'Springsteen sucks on so many levels.',1
'OMG!  I've lived in Seattle for the past 30 years, the home of Starbucks...  we have espresso stands on every corner, every grocery store and gas station.  Before you order you need to decide, what you want... an Espresso? Americano? Latte? Cappuccino? Macchiato?... Interested in a Frappuccino? Well there are literally 30 of them! Brewed Coffee? Mocha?  Iced?  Blended?  How many shots would you like?  Skinny?  Light?  Soy?  Whipped?  No Whip?... Size: Short? Tall?  Grande? \r\n \r\nSilly me, when we first moved here I tried to explain: 'all I want is a cup of coffee, you know just a cup of coffee, can't I get one of those?'... \r\n \r\nTo cut through the B.S. ask for "a 16oz of your daily brew".  That will usually get past all the nonsense.',1
'****!',1
'Oh puleeese,give us a break!!!',1
'It's funny how you bash people for working "in the family business." Well I hate to break it to you, but cops make SH!T for money. You don't make over 40k a year, GUARAN-DAMN-TEED. And you've been in the force for over 2 decades. I wish I knew what your real name was you fat f_ck. If you have such big balls, tell me what your real name is. And no, I don't work in the family business either.. although if I did get into it I would make more than you by over 200%, just starting out, fatass pig.',0
'The boots with the shearling inside are very warm.  You don't need socks.  I think they saw that the boots were selling and began to raise the price.  New design are expensive and not so attractive to me 45 years old',1
'I HOPE NOT. JUST THE THOUGHT OF IT MAKES ME WANT TO PUKE.',1
'Ha, Wow Dude, the Dead Are Living.   Seems You Proved them Wrong.   He Must a Been On A Hardly Davidson.  One too many Tattoos on the Left Side Threw Him Off Balance.  Hardlys Lean to the Left.  Looks Like He Took The Day Of The Dead A Bit too Seriously.   You Have to Have Talent For Me to Be A Fan, And Know How To Ride.',1
'Hey dumdum! Bartenders get a fair hourly so do cocktail waitresses! Booze sells faster & harder then the food! Waitress make like $3 an hour! If every waitress and wiater quit and got a real job.. Didnt realize bartending was so sophisticated.. Then who would SERVE YOU? So Waiting tables is not needed? idiot!',1
'F N indiots....Just exacfly how much say do you have in where your tax money goes..near zero! We vote for leaders to use our money as wisely as possible...EVEN in unions. The unions are not going to want someone in office who is against them, just like the anyone else...it makes very little sense. So special interests are not just the unions.. people...it's the oil, and realestate, corporate and financial tycoons that started the whole mess. If we did not have unions...think about it..if you can do that at all. Those who are against are simply pissed that they went their entire life at the bottom and just jealous of others attempts at climbing up. $10 an hour is too much to qualify for medical or dental assistance....has any of you seen a doctor or dentist bill..and you wonder why we need ObamaCare. Get real, the $10 hour job doesn't pay enough, but will always be a $10 job that someone has to do because it's probably washing cars or serving food and doesn't require much education to do it, but don't those working that service industry job deserve at least a doctor or dentist visit without going bankrupt. People are so ignortant.',1
'... \r\n  \r\nIt was a Hitler reference, dude.',1
'One more point, the fact that 75% of american manufacturing is over seas now is because of unions.',1
'I wish people would read more than just the headline. It was confirmed by the governor of NJ (who is republican). And the company that no workers were turned away because of being nonunion.  As far as union workers doing a better job I would say that there are very good workers in both the union and nonunion work forces.  What I can say about union workers inthe construction industry is that all members attend an accredited apprentice program receive health benefits and a retirement plan and are legal citizens.  Is there anything wrong with this?',1
'As a native New Jerseyan, I am appalled, embarrassed, ashamed and furious at this story.  No wonder we have such a bad reputation in this country.  Those workers should have been welcomed and shown every courtesy after driving all that way to VOLUNTEER to help.  Now is not the time for this nonsense--it's the time to work together and make this mess go away.   Shame on whoever is responsible for this.',1
'The article is inaccurate with regard to winning when going to court.  Most cases that people actually testify against the officer end up as being found guilty.  If you are gambling about the officer showing up or not that is technically not a victory, but a dismissal because the officer has failed to appear.  Your chances of that happening are 50 / 50 because remember more than likely the officer is getting paid overtime to be in court in the first place or already on duty and looking to get out of the field.  The traffic cops almost always show up because that is what they do, besides most of them have already gotten their tickets by the time court roles around in the afternoon.  Be careful with some of the advice being given by "supposed experts" because you might get frustrated with the results.  Motor cops, just be polite because most likely they're going to give you a ticket because that is their assignment.  The car cops, really be polite and despite what these alleged attorneys suggest, be honest, chances of you getting a warning are far better.  Remember when a cop hears, "Officer I don't know why you pulled me over" when the question is presented to you, most cops think you're lying at that poing anyways.',1
'They did mention the victims of sandy a couple of times. They also asked people go to redcross.org to do anything they can to help.',1
'I AGREE!!!',1
'I like what you said about winning a fight.  That is very true!',1
'Shoot, kids sure have it made these days.',1
'Chris Matthews has his hand in my pants...yeah so what..',1
'I would honestly wreck someone...  I would be arrested for something that's for sure.  I lost my furry best friend in 2010 and I haven't been the same since.. there's something about the bond between someone and their pets especially if they have not yet been blessed with children. Poor Matthew my heart goes out to you dear. Karen Walsh needs a good swift kick to the face.',1
'Yep crookseverywhere and most of them are 47%'ers.  Romney released his tax returns that showed he paid taxes.  And you?  If you were forced to expose your tax returns when there was no law saying you had to would you?  Would you do it just because some political party made it an issue so that their candidate looked better?  The mindset of some, and I;m not pointing fingers at you, are simpletons that make up their mind as to whom they are voting for based solely on attack ads on television.  Lets not do that, but rather vote for the person who can do the best.for us.\r\n  In order to do that you need to look at every candidates record.  In the presidential election we have a failed administration versus a candidate who has a record of running successful businesses and a state.',1
'Yeah none of them have the mental capacity of Hannibal. Definitely the lower tier psychopaths. I don't know Deemed sure like to talk about how tough he was in prison. He was by far the most Aryan of the group and they all have homophobe issues. I am guessing he is very in touch with his feminine side. He falls under the category of tall tales and extreme personal detail. The more the detail the more the fail.\r\n\r\nYou know the kind, as he's making out with a guy he calls him a f@g and pushes him away, but then calls him later.',1
'We are calling it "protection" but Louisiana Municipal Police Employee's Retirement System, is actualy trying to do away with the retirement package alltogether.',1
'ooooooooh son, phuq mr. burns in the ssa like you do your father.[my father too]',1
'I can see his side to a point. My first was born via c-section and my husband jokes he saw a side of me he never wanted to - the inside. I could understand if it took a couple of months to get past that. Heck those first 2-3 months you're so tired anyway it's really not a big deal. But a full year? That moves it past "reasonable" to his having issues in my book.',1
'N_E_S_T_L_E_S, Nestles makes the very best . . . . C h o c o l a t e . .',1
'You never have a camera when the funniest things happen.  Over the summer, I went out into my backyard and my cat, Kelly, who is an indoor cat, but who I let out sometimes and who doesn't try and get away and bring back inside when I go back in.  But anyhow, suddenly, here comes this dog around the side of the house and into my yard.  The dog and my cat both froze when they saw each other.  Then my cat puffed up and you could see by her stance (facing the dog and leaning forward) that she wasn't all that happy by having this dog enter HER yard.  Then, without a meow or a bark, my cat took off running ... not away, but at the dog!!!  The dog, shocked out of his fur, took one look at my cat coming after him, turned tail and bolted out of the yard and down the street.  I could almost hear his thoughts, "What the heck?!"  My cat took up a position at the edge of the yard, sat down and without further concern, began to wash her paws. \r\n \r\nYep, cats are funny animals!!',1
'When will he be on the cooking channel giving us his famous dog recipes and beers of choice?....probably the end of Jan. 2013',0
'Except for the bodies, loss of homes, businesses, livelihoods... the intense trauma of it all, HES EXACTLY RIGHT!',1
'Yes, in Florida after a hurricane in 2004. At a gas station after a  very very long  wait. The man in the car in front of me lost it when another man approached with a gas can and asked to pump some gas after him. They started to argue and the man reached in his car and pulled out a gun. I didn't see what happened next since I tried to crawl underneath my car seat. But the man with the gas can came up to me when I started to pump my gas next and I let him have gas. I have to say he was brave to approach again after having a gun pulled on him.',1
'It can't be turned on on command, yet never seems to fail when their is someone willing to pay for it.\r\n \r\nSounds like bullsh*t to me.',1
'The best credit card is cash.',1
'REMEMBER WHEN COUNTRY USED TO MAKE THE TEARS FLOW?   \r\nDon't know why you're trying to sell this as country, but I ain't buying.  Sad day for Country Music.',1
'A dumb question from MSN!',0
'People just like to complain.I come from a family of die hard Repubs that always vote \r\na straight Republicans ticket, only now nobody really likes Romney with all his lies.My \r\nsister lost her job that paid $20 an hour and now she got another that only pays $18 an \r\nhour and she acts like nobody has it worse than her.We have a lot of problems that \r\nhavn`t been addressed for 10 years in this country.',1
'JAC, SHUT YOUR SELFISH PIE HOLE!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'that's IF she wants alimony .. if she makes enough herself to support herself then there's no need for her to even bother asking for spousal support.  what i fear (and i've seen it happen already too) are the ex h's asking for spousal support from wives b/c they outearn them.',1
'"Insurance companies rate tickets differently," Gusner says, "and while your current one may raise your rates 10%, another one may not raise your rates on just one minor offense or surcharge you only 5% for it." \r\n  \r\nI'd like to know, on what planet do you sell insurance.   \r\nOne speeding ticket, (10 mph over), increased my premiums by 25 %  for 3 years, in Ca. back in the 90's.(not 5% or 10% ) \r\n After 2 1/2 years I was unfortunate enough to recieve another speeding ticket,(8 mph over).  \r\nHow much did my insurance increase after the 2nd one? 300%.  That's right, tripled. What a racket. \r\nAfter 6 months the first ticket dropped off my record. The insurance company REFUSED to reduce my premium until I renued my anuall policy 6 months later. I had to drop that company and start with another company just to get my premiums back down to a reasonable amount.',0
'Why have a kid in the first place if this is truly the circumstance?  You know the consequences of it but still choose to do it anyway?  It is like going skiing and complaining its cold.',1
'I live in Oregon. These things do not cut it in very wet weather. These are a huge waste of money in the NW.  I would love to see cute boots that work in this region.',1
'@ j b\r\n \r\n        Your comment is sad, but true!!! Fox noise has a bunch of people voting themselves out of the middle class right into poverty.',1
'Hey Waldo there's no such thing as NORMAL, all humans are dysfunctional on some level no matter who they are or what choices they make in life. From the Dalia Lama to Charles Mansion everybody's sh!t smells  !',1
'Gods will LOL',1
'With his $5,000 Walmart relief donations.',1
'Now we are in an era of time were someone's response to reality is judged and predicted as Bullying.... So now truth is a bully!!! No wonder Fox is always picked on..... Every other media outlet thinks they are bully's.... But isn't it Fox that is always being bullied?',0
'as i said before its nothing but safety and nothing else if you have never done linework then quit talking about it',1
'The "Single mom, sorry" part and the "Thank you. It was great" clearly looks like it was written by two different people.',1
'As someone who works at the local courthouse and sees first hand marriage dissolutions, I can tell you  that I would never EVER get married. The amount of anguish, turmoil and financial costs that people go through to get out of their marriage far outweighs any positives a union may bring. No need to sign that paper. Live together, whatever but unless you want to lose half your stuff, mess up your kids really good and get eaten alive my attorneys, DONT GET MARRIED.',1
'Let's make it a round for the house!',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'@Bloomberg..No it's not...it's climate change and pole shift, and it's been going on in differing eras since the beginning of time, and we just happen to be in the midst of another change right now. \r\n \r\nGLOBAL WARMING AND CLIMATE CHANGE Definitions\r\nGlobal Warming — An overall warming of the planet, based on average temperature over the entire surface.\r\nClimate Change — Changes in regional climate characteristics, including temperature, humidity, rainfall, wind, and severe weather events.',1
'I'm totally bummed.  I really liked this show, but as long as they don't cancel "Suits" I'll be fine.',1
'I haven't bought or used Hershey products since they moved their operation (except corporate headquarters) to Mexico several years ago. I wonder how many people know that every Hershey candy bar you eat ( including Hershey Kisses ) has been made in Mexico for a long time now ? I personally know quite a few people who lost their jobs when Hershey shut down it's plants in California.',1
'This was not normal, this was not even just a hurricane. If it was you would not be having this discussion. This was something that may not happen again for hundreds of years. Spending 10 billion now because they were stupid back when they extended the island is just more stupidity.',1
'YES Dr. , I have also been trying to point out that undersea volcanic vents have a relationship to ElNino and LaNina and ocean temperatures.. I think most of these climatologists are like the football players trying to sell you car insurance..',1
'Buy a Chevrolet Volt.  They recevied a "recommended" rating by Consumer Reports.',1
'Running from the police doesn't count.',1
'Wow!  All that and not a single mention of the potential slave labor using children.  What a noble and moral citizen you are.',1
'Hi Babe.  What time do you think you will be over?  Oooh, right before naptime.  I like it.  Are you bringing any toys?  Of course, I want you to.  You know how much I like to play with you.',1
'No. \r\n Unless jackassery is in the job description, then just no.',1
'HMMM  \r\n If you read a lot of the comments most people don't seem to think its a joke either. If it was a joke it was in bad taste to put it into play when so many are having these problem and looking for advise.',1
'Nope, I'd kill her with my bare hands, I have no patience for the system',1
'"integument"=an outer covering or coat. You're welcome. \r\n  \r\n(Full disclosure: I had to look it up.)',1
'Only if you let it.  It also depends on how the couple views childbirth:  beautiful for the precious new beginning or ugly for the pain and mess.  My mother always told me I would forget the pain when I held my baby  - big fat lie.  However, when I held each child it was so worth every single second.  I was fortunate that it brought my partner and I closer to marvel at the gift we had been given.',1
'Awww....there's not going to be a "Gigantic Asses 2"?  Darn...',1
'If a greater percentage of women than men pursue higher education, it's numerically impossible for women to "marry up."',1
'Obama has a lot on his plate with the fiscal cliff.Hard choices have to be made.By the \r\nway, the gamblers are giving Obama a 75% chance of being reelected.Those are people \r\nwho would sell their mother for a dollar.My money is on them.',1
'So Nitt Witt Mitt wants volunteers to help clean up, is that his answer to getting rid of FEMA?',0
'Ok, being married to a cop. Having two brother in-laws that are cops, coming from a family with a lot of cops, don't say NO when a cop asks you "do you know why I pulled you over"... You say no when you are speeding, you are definitely getting a ticket!! Cops hate idiots who say they "Didn't know they were doing 17 over..." Your speeding, the cop pulls you over and asks you "do you know why I pulled you over?" The answer most likely to get you out of a ticket, "Yes officer, I was speeding, I'm sorry.". Be honest, respectful and brief.  And, cops don't always have a choice, if their chief says write everyone doing x mile over a ticket, they have to. Just like you have to do what your boss says. And "street justice" as its called, to "reduce the actual speed on your ticket".. yeah... don't count on that... Most departments have a policy against it. And you arn't worth the cop losing their job. Who ever wrote this article is an idiot.',0
'First, I'll bet there is WAY more to this story than is being told - cops just don't tend to be that careless. "Officer Christopher Webb allegedly said," Red flag there Second, no matter what, I feel really bad for the boy - I'm sure it was an incredibly painful and depending on the circumstances around it (which aren't told in this article) may be extremely upsetting to him. Third, I don't believe that the child is afraid of never waking up again. At least be truthful and don't exaggerate things worse than they are. Kids are very resilient, when allowed to be, but too often, there are adults who are determined that the child will never get past whatever happened.',0
'Laurel if you are not a paid hack you  should be.  Not becasue you write well but because your stuff gets noticed.  Good Luck on Tuesday.',1
'FUNNY THING ,,,,,,WHEN YOU REQUEST THE SOURCE ON INNUENDO,,NO ONE CAN SEEM TO PROVIDE THAT SOURCE \r\n MORE LIES BY THE LIBERAL LEFT LOONS',0
'Not looking too good for ole Mitty.',1
'Yes, I'll be looking for a job starting next week.  Qualifications?  What are those????',1
'I guess I'm not the only one that thought they both looked really skinny!!! \r\nThe song sucked too!  Used to LOVE the duo! \r\nSeems almost everyone agrees that it's not real country anymore. \r\nDo love Blake and Amanda tho.',1
'This was not simply death- it was a senseless killing.  Some people find more comfort in their pets than in the humans in their life.  Matt stated this dog was his best friend.  How would you feel if your best friend was murdered?  Would you just 'move on'?  I had a dog who was my best friend.  I had him for 16 years.  He was a brother to my daughter and I loved him more than anything else. (Yes, he was my 'favorite' child)  He died of natural causes and I mourned his loss, but I accepted that he was a dog and would not live forever.  But if he had been killed I think I would have lost my mind.',1
'Depends what animal it is. Aslong it's baked or grilled with green beans, fried potatos and biscuits.',1
'BWAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAAAH  ​ AHAHAHAHA !!!',1
'Looks like the SPINNERS are back from lunch break.We're already headed out of the red,should be in the green by the end of the day.A good lunch always helps them turn reality into the green BS.                 Never mind,looks like we're headed to red-ality again !!!',1
'Chloe, you poor misguided soul.  I'm sure your buddy, Obama, will take care of you after he drives this nation and its people into the ground.  Maybe he'll even let you stay at his $1.5M home.  But, somehow I doubt it.  He doesn't even care about his own ambassador being killed.  Going to Vegas and then on to a TV show was more important, not to mention covering up the inaction.  Quit being a lemming and use your brain.',1
'And then it mysteriously stops before becoming the landlocked Gulf of Mexico ;-)',1
'You try serving 5 tables at once.. getting there drinks bringing them condiments.. deal with the cooks mistakes.. Serving is not easy.',1
'the "gadget" sucks ! It's stuck on thurs.-saturday ;that really stinks! FIX IT WILL YA PLEASE?OR U CAN COUNT ON ME USING ANOTHER BROWSER. PERIOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!  .',0
'Global Warming is not real and there is no reason to evacuate Staten Island.  The weatherman and Chris Chistie have it all wrong.',1
'Chloe, hahaha!  I'll remember that.  I had already been to the dentist - 3 different dentists, 2 different endodontists, 2 different oral surgeons.  This is the natural consequence of going through college with no health insurance.',1
'Where she's headed there will be some very unpleasant consequences for not doing her job and whining about her supervisors.',1
'its already too cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'12 and 22 from an artist point of view, tho I love the action play shot of 30. What else is in the pikle with the dog, kitten and fox - looks like a fourth pet.',1
'So almighty laurel what is real music?',1
'so glad taylor swift did not win entertainer of the year...she should be in pop music not country music...very good songwriter but cannot sing...',1
'It's China. I don't care what they do over there. We have our own problems.',1
'i am by no means a hand writing expert, but i agree with a previous poster, the wirting doesn't seem to match.  also, the signature looks more like a guy's hand writing.  if it is real, she is not truly a single mom (i.e. a mother where the dad doesn't support the child(ren) in any way) when she is spending that much on a meal.  she is probably a mother who is single (a mother where the father is very much in the picture, but the mom likes to play the "single mom" card).  way to often today do mothers play that card.',1
'Tidalwave, how DO you think of all the funny stuff that you post? Is it drugs? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHAHAHA!!!!!! It is funny!',1
'I'd say the EX is the lucky one to be done with this attitude.',1
'That deranged expression.... Signs point to yes',1
'its because they cant',1
'I agree with everything except Two and a half Men and Glee',1
'This is one of the dumbest questions MSN has ever asked.',1
'It's so nice to be reminded that there are such good people out there who don't let the almighty dollar rule their decisions. Good for Mr. Nicotra and thank you for being another example that there are decent people in this world.',1
'uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum; could it be that your communist n racist community divider needs divine intervention(not gonna happen, bills a douchebag).....just to lose!',0
'Talk to the judge,and the 2 DA's Neil & Bob.....',1
'If your mom is busted for drunk driving while she's pregnant with you, the least of your concerns is what the alcohol will do to your development. You're in for a pretty crappy childhood.',1
'Everyone should keep no more than 5% of their portfolio in individual equities (and/or bonds) as a learning experience. That way, you are forced to do your homework and can learn a lot about a company/sector. It also won't take you too long to realize that each of us falls victim to our own rationalizations, cherry-picked data and illogical conclusions forcing us to do what we should have done all along. \r\n  \r\nBuy ETFs...',1
'Who cares? We fiddle while America burns.',1
'Um excuse me April? I've waitressed on and off for over 20 years, and not once in all that time did i screw up as bad as this particular waitress. TIPS is an acronym for TO INSURE PROPER/PROMPT SERVICE, well lets see proper service was taken out when the waitress didnt care if one of the guests received their food, and also when the waiteress decided that she deserved a bigger tip. I have worked mothers day, christmas day and even thanksgiving, and not once did I ever behave like this waitress. Obviously she cannot handle being a waitress. Because waitresses depend on there TIPS, it is their responsibility to earn them not just expect them. This waitress was lucky to have received a flipping dime.',1
'man, is that tacky.  she should not be eating $140 meal if she can't afford to tip, single parent or not. \r\n just a warning, about complaining about poor service or bad food, wait until after you eat.  my son's friends (who work in restaurants) have told him... NEVER under any circumstances, complain about anything, unless you want your food tampered with.  no, they should not do that... but, yes, they do it.  do you really think in this world today, the way it is, that they don't?  i wouldn't risk it.  personally. \r\n as far as me not tipping... if the waiter/waitress was rude, they can forget a tip.  and i don't feel bad about it.  i'm pleasant and kind.  if they can't act the same, they're not getting of my hard earned money.  for good service i'm a very generous tipper.',1
'Left a lot of syrup on a 'waffle house' table once...no tip.....crappy place.',1
'Climate change is not global warming and the price of milk, gas, clothes, gold, silver, marijuana, a ticket to the movies, my water bill, my electricity, my internet, cable, phone, insurance have all gone up 5 times or more.  Is all that because of global warming?????? That polar bear is almost dead after swimming 3000 miles trying to find some ice so he can kill and eat that poor seal. How does that seal feel about global warming??? If there was no more ice, he wouldn't be eaten by the polar bear.',1
'I spent 3 hours waiting for gas yesterday with no success.  What is Cuomo & Bloomy doing about this?   We're running on empty.',1
'S. Korea build decent vehicles that will go plenty of mile before they wear out.  Also, they seemed to lag behind in the mpg department a few years ago.  Today 37 or 38 is better than before.  I'm glad  that they offered to reimburse for the difference when they over stated their mpg on their new cars.  All manufactures should do the same.',1
'Doesn't really matter, they are just putting it out there to keep her name in the news...all those women will do anything for publicity. How much money do these celebrities need? Seriously! I couldn't spend all their money if I tried, but all they do is want more more more',1
'When my kidneys failed. Worst god damned backache I ever had. I was on the floor and could not move. Fists were clenched so tight my knuckes were white.\r\nThank goodness they're fine now. Functioning at 100 percent capacity.',0
'I was curious to see how Fox News was handling the Bloomberg endorsement,  and  Christie's love for Obama, I have switched to Fox several times today and every time they are talking about Libya.... \r\n LMAO.......',1
'I agree with everyone's comments here.  Not only should he not be a cop, but he should be doing jail time...at the very least. \r\n I find it odd that no one else seemed to notice that he had them cleaning out his patrol car.  What is he nuts?',1
'Best ever, that one is for the history books for all times.',1
'The same way I caption anything about Obama, Nothing Good.',1
'Haha, cool',1
'a',0
'Stephen, I haven't processed all of Psychedelic Pill yet, but "Drifting Back" has been stuck (very pleasurably) in my head on and off for the last week and a half.  Definitely digging the Fagen as well.',1
'what a bitch',1
'And what color of panties are you wearing?',0
'borats got one',0
'a dirty young man flashing me and  my little sister...he  just didnt know my daddy was an ex-marine lol.',1
'I just have a question where was The Civil Wars ? Why are they never invited to the cma 's or performing? They win 2 not 1 but 2 grammy's  and they still snub in Nashville.  Make no sense at all.',1
'why don't msn do a story on the fuel shortage in new york and new jersey cause of\r\nObama's failed green energy policy????? where's the solar panels and wind mills\r\nand algae energy Obama promised? he gave 900 billion to soylandra and his friends\r\nand family and big unions!!!! do that story msn????? EPA! REGULATIONS! THAT'S\r\nWHY YOU DON'T HAVE NO FUEL LIBERALS IN THE EAST COAST! \r\nRomney's speech is nothing compared to Obama and Biteme's stupid comments!',0
'To all who doubt Trump, Tell Oblamea to show his Records. It's that simple. \r\nPUT UP OR SHUT UP. \r\nIf someone offered to give me $5, Million to give to my Favorite Charity I would do it in a Second.',1
'yup....yuk,yuk',1
'When is your tape going to be released?',1
'Having kids, no. Watching your wife sliced and diced before your eyes, maybe.',1
'tasteless and a display of stupid humans',1
'My God...For starters, who said anything about screwing a hook into a turtles shell? No **** that would hurt, I don't see you warning people not to stick hot needles into their eyes...That hurts too...\r\n\r\nThe spine itself has nerves but unless you're carving down to the meat, this does not harm the turtles, only bleeding hearts like yourself. I think you are into the habit of 'rescuing' things that don't need rescue...You're an idiot...',1
'I think she looks great!\r\nShould change your picture back so we can see that pretty face again',1
'have you ever got real job from poor person',1
'You will be whinning in just a few days.',1
'If someone changes any of the numbers you write on your receipt, that is theft and it needs to be reported.',1
'Who cares who endorses who.  All this campaigning is costing an ungodly amount of money when it could be spent helping the people out in the northeast.  So close to election everyone pretty much has their mind made up as to who they are voting for.  Both Obama and Romney and any other candidate running for office should be focusing on getting these people help.  Not spending it on commercials that everyone is sick to death of.',1
'THANK YOU SCOTT STEVENS !!!! FIRST I'M GRATEFUL THAT YOU SURVIVED\r\nI AM A SNORKLE AND SCUBA ENTHUSIAST AND HAVE BEEN TELLING PEOPLE FOR YEARS THAT YOU ARE INVADING THEIR (SEA ANIMALS OF ALL TYPES)TERRITORY.BE RESPECTFUL OF THAT AND BE OBSERVANT.THEY ARE DEFENDING WHAT IS THEIRS.NOT OURS AS THE HUMAN MIND SET IS "IF I CAN SEE IT- IT'S MINE\r\nWHAT WOULD ANYONE DUE THAT THEIR HOUSE WAS  (BUSTED)\r\nAGAIN-GLAD YOU MADE IT BACK-HOPE THE BODY MENDS FAST',0
'That would eliminate anyone over 65 on Social Security and/or Medicare; both are a form of govt assistance.',1
'I am very dissatisfied with the gas mileage I get from my 2013 Kia Sportage. The most I have been able to get is 24 MPG. It's a 4 banger that was supposed to get max 28MPG. I traded in a vehicle that was a 6 cylinder that got 21-26 MPG because they said this would save me money! bull****! Now i am stuck with a big payment and shitty gas mileage. Go me!',1
'Better wrap it up!  Never know what you could get from someone like her, lol.',1
'Of course they should - another fine example of utter lack of common sense.   However, if someone doesn't WANT to be hugged, those boundries should be respected.',1
'I thought the CMA's were supposed to be on last night. Well it's finally come true...There's been a murder down on music row.',1
'You forgot to add:\r\n"THE PLANE BOSS, THE PLANE!!!"',1
'A single mom eating $ 140 worth of food ?  What did she do , order a sample of everything on the menu?  The b!tch charged the whole thing on a credit card so she wouldn't have to pay for anything right away. Not surprised she didn't tip. Just a cheap, lazy , worthless P.O.S. wanting something for nothing. I hope they banned her a$$ from ever eating at that restaurant again.',1
'Wow. \r\nWe are beginners at 38 years!',1
'my uggs are over 20 years old.........',1
'This single mother had $140.00 to go out to eat, but not enough money to leave a proper tip?  \r\n \r\nShe's complete and utter trash, in my book.',1
'He was always such a character and had a remarkable wind up...sad to hear this news...I hope they fry the bastard that did this...RIP...',1
'100% agree.',1
'Quoted text: \r\n" I think there is plenty of fun to be found with Toyota and Honda if you want it." \r\n  \r\nWhich is precisely my point.  If you want fun with a Honda or Toyota, you have to buy a used one.   \r\n  \r\nAnd since you mentioned it, the six speed manual Accord Coupe is a good start, but the CR-Z is a joke.  It is the second biggest flop in the past 10 years, surpassed only by the ZDX.',1
'What a crock!  I don't want to see any more reports saying that NJ isn't being helped, if this is a truthful story ~ but considering the source.......',1
'@ setlab - You might wnat to re-think that post.  Please remember that the Rs presented no less than 3 budget proposals to the Ds.  All of which were turned down.\r\n \r\nSo, which party is the the party of NO?',1
'no glamour, just photoshop',1
'When will wllard give us a completed TAX return?\r\nWhen will myth give us any reasonable breakdown on his 5 point plan?\r\nWhen will robeme take a stand on anything? new definition of flip-floping,flexibl  ​ e,yea,right!\r\nWhen will mittens come clean on his involvement in baine VULTURE capitol?\r\nWhen will the bishop tell the american people his stand on seperation of church and state?\r\nWhy isn't tagg,what kinda of name is that,in jail for threating a standing president?\r\nWhy isn't owning a company that provides election machines a conflict of interest when your daddy is on them and a candidate?\r\nWhy is loosing 4 humans under this president a crime and loosing over 30,000 under the last president OK?\r\nWhere are the weapons of mass destruction? Oh,they are now in syria,right!\r\nWho started 2 useless unfunded war's,killed thousands of americans and arabs and is according to the new republican party a hero,while destorying our economy?\r\nI am so sick of those suffering from romnesia,they have obvisouly been sleeping for the last 12 years or are to stupid,or racialy biased to comprehend what has and is happening. Just let your racist propanganda,your envy,your lack of experience in dealing with reality take charge,don't do any research,don't ask any questions,just listen to fox news,they are so neutral,they always tell the truth! Vote for a person that is so out of touch that he think's russia is our biggest threat,the middleclass makes $250,000.00 A YEAR AND BY ALL MEANS CUT THE TAXES ON THOSE JOB CREATORS MAKING BILLION'S a year that haven't created one job here in AMERICA! You people are some kind of pathatic,talk about sheeple.republicans are the poster children!',0
'damn.....they spoiled the future of the democratic party........hate when surprises are given away!\r\n \r\n \r\nROMNEY/ RYAN....RESTORE OR DESTROY THE NATION\r\n                                SECURITY OR IMPEACHMENT',0
'Never watched the show and never like him.',1
'DEEMED you need to knock it off.....this is over the line.....take down his address please',1
'the babies or the memes?',1
'Yeah crumpled up in a ball covered with his shawl. Sucking his thumb rocking back and forth murmuring, "you'll pay...you'll all pay for this!" \r\n\r\nHis poor over-worked wife consoling him...oh wait, that's right.',1
'Stacy, don't quit your day job!',1
'Why should I explain what made this the greatest Country in the world to a socialist import that has no understanding of our Constitution?',0
'Benghazi?  Americans are dead?  Oh, well.  STAND DOWN.  DO NOT FIRE ON MY MUSLIM BROTHERS.  What's 4 Americans when compared to upsetting my Muslim brothers?',1
'Vaneby is absolutely correct as far as I am concerned. I have 27 years a a patrol officer and supervisor and I would say that I give warnings 75% of the time.  When I pull someone over they a obviously wrong and I will ask them if they know why I pulled them over, and if they say no or deny the offense it is an automatic ticket. So Vaneby drives away with a warning, smiling and WTF 101 drives away with at least 1 tcket.',1
'20% is the lowest tip I would ever leave. I usually tip a little more. If you can't afford to tip don't go out to eat. Servers make very little in hourly wages. They don't even get minimum wage. Most are in school or have families of their own. I'm positive their utility or mortgage companies don't care if their single Mom's. \r\nI hope that was just a hoax or joke... If it wasn't? I hope this person never does this again.',1
'It just goes to show us all that in times of horrific events there are people that are even more horrific! \r\nWhat tasteless fools.... But sadly there will be people looking at this @#$%!',0
'Yes I think students should be allowed to hug! When you hug someone it brings out kindness, compassion, good feelings of being LOVED!! That someone does give a dam. What the heck is wrong with the school. They just want to take everything that is good away from people. The parents should be stepping up and see about getting rid of that policy, what bs.',1
'What the Verizon employee did is appalling',1
'Aren't they still being potty trained at that age ?   lol',1
'Bitch slapped by an 82-year-old actor?  LOL, way to go, Gene!!!',1
'Really, duck face and wrinkles?? These are horrible shots and disrespectful to the victims.',1
'@frosty, \r\n  \r\nI apologize for the unreasonableness.  But your earlier comment was equally unreasonable.  The fact that you said that people with interest in automobiles have no personality, but people with interest similar to yours do have personality was simply laughable.  I guess I got caught up in it.  I normally don't do that.',1
'Just bought Dylan Hicks' "Sings Bolling Greene." I was willing to have this album since I saw it here and heard the previews in his page. It's also interesting to note how things goes easily and clearly when you do the right thing: without any download issues and the quality is top-notch. And well, it costs for me R$ 18,00, since dollar is something around R$ 2. It's the double value, but worth it. "West Texas Winds" just makes me feel free, on a vacation, breezing through sunset, contemplating life itself. I don't know why I almost always feel this genre is so dissident. \r\n About Jens Lekman last one, I can't say I love it so far, but I think it's a good album, although for sure he is some kind of detained or even arrested by, and the energy we always known him for there's only a glimpse in the glorious "The End of the World Is Bigger Than Love." I also think "Some Dandruff on Your Shoulder" is a damn beautiful song, simple as it is. In this same track, you can sense how vagrant he is just saying "it's nothing" forever. But to walk alone with no apparent direction is a peaceful practice sometimes, After all, the nature will always embrace you, and you can closely feel the path, people and the air, blowing though your face. In a car or a bus, the experience can be almost similar for the first minutes, although much more painful in the next ones. That's a good thing beside the fact the traffic around where I live is so poorly I need to go walking some ways of the journey to home. Oh, "Bigger Than Love" will always remember me when I worked in a place in the other side of Pinheiros River here in São Paulo and I needed to get a bus to arrive there: it usually lasts exactly 5 minutes. Enough time to fully hear it :) That's one of the many timeless tracks I once cried.',1
'I did some deep searching into Obamas life and found out both his parents are actually white and the reason he is so brown in color is because he is so full of sh*t.',1
'Women should shave down there if they want men to go down there.  And vise-versa.',1
'I simply don't go more than 5 over in some speed zones and not on purpose either. I've never been stopped unless i was over by ten mph over or even more, so I figure about 5mph over this is what most officers will look the other way on. School and construction zones they will stop you for only for being over the posted speed, so I simply make sure of my speed.\r\nThe last time I was stopped my tailight had just blown that day and he pulled me over and said, You were going only three to five mph over, so i won't write you and gave me a fix it ticket. I thanked him, told him I knew the light had just failed and was going to fix it, and was on my way. \r\nIf you consider police are just doing their jobs, treat them with respect, and do give them a hard time they can and often look the other way sometimes. I've been warned for speeding simply because I said i was going a little fast.',1
'Huggable and sweet!!',1
'A good reason for that is because it i cheaper to hire a woman. I hate this crap the big businesses are pulling. Use up the guys and sen them packing, when it is tme to reire, take all the qualifid women and cut back their salaries by 20%... wow what a great plan... ****s! In Texas, this is already known, there are more minimum wage jobs than any other state and most are occupied by women.\r\n \r\nGet the Right out of the house and senate before the country goes belly-up. Talk about a **** ride, its no wonder the pres can't get anything done.',1
'You just confirmed what I just said, it's so obvious you've lost this argument a long time ago that now you're just calling me random names trying to get the last post in to make it seem like you "won". Well tell you what, I only post on here when I'm at work and have nothing else to do and I just got off work so if you'd like, post again with a bunch of nonsensical name calling and swearing and claim "victory" or we can continue this on monday given that I have nothing to do at work. Have a nice day!',1
'"Benghazi Embassy just attacked?"',1
'Come on suckers," Vote for me Again" I'll show you what real poverty looks like with 4 more!!!',1
'Find Jimmy Hoffa, then we'll talk.',1
'This isn't late breaking news, everybody knows Aerosmith we're all strung out in the 70's.',1
'You fools know nothing of how a union works. Do a little reading and turn off Fox News. You may learn something.',1
'$35 is the appropriate tip.',1
'Wow, how about that, conservatives obey their own rules.',1
'"Some chicks will fall for a guy like you, I'm sure"\r\n \r\n \r\nThats the beauty of it Rose...women outnumber men 2 to 1 so 'we've got it made....if one leaves another one simply lines up.',1
'After watching a bit I finally changed channel.  Where is the Country Music I remember.  I don't even listing to some of the stations anymore because Country it ain't!!!  Too bad....I really miss it.  Have not even heard a song I would want in my CD collection in a few years.',1
'She's definetely not very pretty either.',1
'Yeah maybe the waiter was under achieving and only wearing 5 pieces.\r\nThey don't deserve a tip.',1
'When I first volunteered in my son's kindergarten class, I would go in a few times a week and stay for a couple of hours.. He would run to me for a hug when I arrived and when I would leave.  And as I got to know some of the other children, they would hug me too.\r\nI was told by the teacher a couple of weeks into this that it wasn't appropriate to do that, the teachers do not like that the students hug each other.. they had a 'keep your hands to yourself' sort of rule.\r\nMy response was, ' If my child, or any other child wants to give me a hug, then that's what's going to happen.  If you have a problem with that then I can volunteer my time elsewhere."\r\nShe decided it wasn't such a big deal.',1
'**** from somebody in an ape costume. never did know if it was drom a girl or not.',0
'What I would like to know is why you can comment on mindless trivial crap like this and can't comment on the Ben'Ghazi cover up. I noticed that in your obama loving you have let some agency rationlize the murder of our people in Libya. Why no article on the USN SEALS comments on this cover up?',0
'Eeeehehehehehe.... Even Biden knows that we have all been living in a worse realm during Osama's reign than when we were in Bushes....... If he were smart he would've said the last 12........ And they say its Romney with foot in mouth disease....',0
'THose pieces of crap are tin cans with no features at all.  Why on gods green earth would you want to drive a car that everything was outdated 15 years 20 years ago?  Thing still comes with steel wheels, crank windows, AC is an option, cant get leather, no power drivers seat, no remote start. \r\n  \r\nOnly a Japanese company could offer a pile of junk like that and have idiots buying it.',1
'For the most part, these photos are quite appropriate - present day society is truly a tasteless bunch, all they can think of is "it's all about me."',1
'That's awful!! A free cremation and a free adoption? Jesus, how is that going to fix the emotional loss of a pet? Pets become part of our family, not just a "dog" or a "cat" etc. I hate frivilous lawsuits, but this man needs a lawyer and a HUGE lawsuit! So very sorry for your loss Matt.',0
'I own a 2010 Kia Optima ...... I get 25 MPG ...... Combined. No matter what gas I use, nor maintence I do. The car willonly get you 25MPG; however, the good part is:  I can use the cheapest gasoline, use the Air Conditioner. Drive it rough or drive it easy. It will not matter, so that is good. I must say that I drove my Optima from Las Vegas, Nevada to San Diego, California with out gasing up, so I did get 38-42 miles a gallon.  People must realize that automobiles get different milage and many factors contribute to that. Alltitute, Hills, Stop and Go, Pollution, your Exhaust Sysatem, how you Brake if you are varing your speed, Cruise Controll, how much you are on your gasoline peddle. How you stop at  lights that are coming up. Example if you coast to a light, or you hit your Brakes hard on a stop. Your grade of Oil, your Filters, and many other things.  I use to work for a company in Las Vegas, Nevad we tested: Mercede Benz, and BMW, Kia, Hyundia.  Our test showed that the Kyundia, and Kia were among the best in MPG, Maintenence, and many other factors mae these cars better then the Mercedes Benze, BMW, Toyota, Honda, GM.  I would not get upset at Hyundia, or Kia....... you are very lucky not to own Mercedes, and BMW...... they brake down a lot, and very exspensive to maintain.  When we tested these cars in the Mojave Desert, and different stituations...... your Kias, and Hyundia were superior in all of our test. If you are ever in Vegas, and you see a Tarp over an automobile or SUV.... it just might be us. In Lake Las Vegas we did testing on Audi...... they are also not very good cars; however, Fords are very good.',1
'What a hate-filled post. You need help. Even your ID is spelled wrong.',1
'I stand partially corrected on InBev. They are a Belgian/Brazillian conglomerate. Check out the book "Cornered." It details the extent of monopolies that have taken over in America, including Walmart and many others such as InBev, formerly Annheiser Busch. I drink only micro brews owned by smaller American companies. The quality is incomparably better than conglomerate produced beer, and the money stays in the US, so you are in effect getting money back into your economy. It is much more expensive however. If we continue to go in the 'big brother' monopolistic direction, we will eventually become a rather large banana republic with lots of low paying jobs. If that is what you want, just sit right down and have a bud, bud, "The King of Beers."',1
'Oh, grow up and stop being so paranoid.  Get some counseling.',1
'She looks like $hit....it's not possible for her to do a "glamor shot" when she looks so un-glamourous.',1
'Blah blah blah blah. You like to rattle on, huh?',1
'Uh, excuse me.. in tems of lack of aid to those stranded there... yeah...',1
'Country died a long time ago.  This is NOT country and Taylor Swift is a pop singer that kids (little kids) like.  Once Hank Williams, Cash and Jennings were gone country was 90% dead.  Once Willie goes it is ALL over.  I don't even listen to the 'newbies'.  Thank G I've got the old boys on CD so I can hear the real thing.',1
'I have to agree the owner of the hotel/motel is at fault, but we stay at a Days Inn Battlefield location and it very clean for a $50 stay, we always stay there always clean, nice front desk and always there to help.  Super 8 gross, and most mentioned in this story.  BUT  I do not understand why the chain does not go after the owners of the hotels and do something.  If I walk into a room something wrong I am sooooooo gone.   It makes me ill, but people need to say something.   I think they should all chuck the bedspreads.......the  ​  worst.',1
'I see your point about the music not being country. However, I still love the true vocals of the artists.  They are not lip syncing, or computer generated.  Perhaps times are changing and the music is adapting to the mass audience.  Thank goodness we still have old school country to refer back to.  To all the beautiful artists I thank you for making my day better with your music.  Keep it up and don't forget your roots.',1
'oh boy he just ruined the dreams of all the 12 yr old prepubescent girls and boys and a few adults.',1
'Read alot of the comments here and I agree Country music just is not played anymore, the radio stations suck, they call themselves Country stations... Bull S--t. I now have no radio stations playing in my home, I converted to CD's and MP3's with the music I like,!!!!!! Country !!!!!!, the way it should be.  I don't see any real Country stars on the CMA awards anymore. Alan Jackson, Trace Atkins, Hank Jr. George Strait, where are you.',1
'Read the WHOLE article and dont "pick-and-choose" what you want to read and believe, before you all get yourselves worked into an anti-union lather....Red-state sheep!',1
'Not when they rape women and get away with it.',1
'Youre an expert at handwriting? My signature doesnt look like my normal handwriting. People scrawl their signatures more often than not',1
'Romney lied again? Surprise, surprise...',1
'Idiots?  Apparently, you have never lived out the results of a such devastation.  That is most unfortunate for you, because that type of thing is a character builder and it will definitely test your better judgments.',1
'You are a true prince........she is a lucky lady. Wish you both continued happiness!!',1
'You are an ****. do you have some one better to run this country.',1
'if it will make her mom stop showing herself,then i hope it will surface.and please... bruce jenner stop showing your face.it's bad.let us remember u as u were on the box of wheaties.please...',1
'Sooooo Were the calls of scab and go home scab that I saw and heard untrue???? No Way!',1
'Also, a 600 watt wind generator may save your ****. Quite worrying about the politicians and rich folks. They are not the problem. Our government cannot fix this problem. We as Americans will have to look out for ourselves as it once was. To hell with the welfare line. If your weak and in need your community will help. Were in this together like World War 2. The Japanese did not target democrats nor Republicans when they bombed Pearl Harbor. They wanted to kill Americans. They awoke the sleeping giant.We rose united in our own defense. We shall rise again because ultimately we are all Americans. It's going to be rougher than most peaple can imagine but our forefathers, not but a few generations ago, faced much worse and what came of it was the greatest country on Earth. It's OK to let the elderly die naturally. Why do we need to preserve life 15 or 20 years beyond natural conditions. The weak are supposed to fall out and die to preserve the strength of those around them. It's in nature and all around us constantly. Survival of the fittest, as it should be. Most of my fellow Americans are just a bunch of conditioned candy asses who get all their brain washing from major television networks instead of actual research and reading. How can you criticize a system when you are clueless to what it is suppossed to be in the 1st place. Massive government socialism and intervention into private lives is a what it is designed to protect us from. Once dependent your owned. There is a lot of lazy dead weight in this country. A culling of the herd is in order. There are some real ****es and defective peaple running around reproducing with more dumb and defective peaple unchecked by natural selection, generation after generation. As a result we have 25 percent of the worlds prison population. The gap between rich and poor more acurately describes generations of improved breeding vs. the opposite. Overweight stupid peaple hook up with over weight stupid peaple enhancing those traits in the next generation. Attractive smart peaple breed with attractive smart peaple enhancing those qualities. If shear stupidity and girth is a survival factor in the future about 80 percent of you have a chance but that's not how it's going to go down. Most of you will be rounded up and slaughtered like cows saving the Chinese the trouble of having to pay your welfare and social security. In business they call it downsizing.',1
'It wasn`t near that amount for Solyndra.There`s plenty of waste in the military, \r\nlike trillions over a period of time, and no, I don`t hate the military.It`s just stupid for people to bring up Solynra.',1
'If the media hates both candidates..they are half right. Romney sucks!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'Allen B- that's it!  Thank you so much!  It's already up on my FB page.',1
'Amen, John. Thought I was watching a rock & roll show. This just ain't country music.',1
'Crazy 8, it doesn't matter who is in power.  The whole system of our U.S. government is been run by partisan clowns who don't know jack crap about what happens abroad, especially when it comes to what happened in Benghazi.\r\n\r\nSo far, the biggest issue is at at home is dealing with the economy, which is first and foremost the biggest priority.  Neither Obama nor Romney have the ingenious master plan to cut out all the fat and flaws in the our nation's gearwork.  They make promises only and leave the Q&A business to their campaign runners.  Don't not believe in the left'n'right finger pointing-fest of the Dems and Reps , it only brings more hatred and confusion.',0
'I'm with you on this!',1
'No, too expensive.',1
'stupid lazy cat',1
'Logicalgirl\r\n \r\nYou seem to have had some Archie Bunker types in your life, or at least refer to men in that light.  There are some decent dudes out there, it's probably just that you have put your female blinders on, and that is what has caused you to not be able to distinguish the light from the darkness.  Nowadays it is the women who utter what you have iterated above. That is until they get themselves in a jam and then expect a free pass or a man to get them out of the jam.',1
'This simply shows humans dominance over all situations on the planet.  This will be the case until we are extinct.  Besides, these could be fabulous!',1
'I lived in the US all my life until age 11, at that age I came to live in a rural town in Buenos Aires, the province, in Argentina. All this mess is ridiculous, most americas, as myself, couldnt ever imagine how different everything is. Political cience class? Debates? HAHA what is that, here we go to school for fun, its pretty easy. I never do homework and have really good grades :) And being easy and all that, only 54% of argentinian kids who started school finish. There are about 2000 peolple living in my town, we are 200 kids in all the high school, in my class 45 kids started, now we are 8 now. (5th year) I dont think we are in conditions AT ALL to vote, what do you think? This corrupt woman just wants to continue stealling, ABAJO CORRUPTA, FUERA LOS K',1
'When I am at the beach what concerns me is the shark, sting rays, jelly fish and barracudas.\r\nWe tend to be in their domain for fun activities, but sea creatures were also put there for man to eat to survive.',1
'Just curious... what is going through your mind when you are typing something like this?  Are you sitting at your computer saying to yourself "He he he, I'm going to type something mean,  disrespectful, and downright unnecessary?"  Just trying to wrap my head around it.  Please don't reproduce, there are too many worthless a**holes like yourself, the world needs to gather people like you and place you in a special home for inconsiderate idiots so normal (respectful!) people don't have to look, see, or hear you.',1
'Compromise, honesty and a sense of humor - 41+ yrs',1
'Hmmmm...funny how Democrat Libs are the one supporting the innocent slaughter of unborn babies and supporting gay marriage...both of which acts are FORBIDDEN in the Bible. Keep talking your delusional smack. There is not one quality in a a Democrat Lib's policy that backs the teachings of Jesus Christ. You might want to re-read your Bible and you will find that these core values are the heart of the Conservative party. It's Dems who have removed Jesus and God from our schools and have waged war against traditional marriage and those with Christian values. If you truly love Jesus, you're dwelling with people who are on the wrong side of the fence. Sadly, it is YOU who is being deceived.',1
'Always get a CarFax before buying any used car. Any dealer will be glad to provide one.',1
'I'd wear them to the grocery store - that's about it',1
'On second thought, I dont think anyone that disagrees with me should be able to vote. That's pretty much the jist of everyone's opinions.',1
'iCartel',1
'rahul... Huh?',1
'They're well made, comfortable and last......so once everyone bought one that was going to wear them, sales slowed! How many pairs can you buy?',1
'guess a boot in the a$$ is ok, so put one in the principal's for me !!!',1
'You should get a mirror that allows you to see below your knees... then you'll get it.',1
'The stress and worry has to be getting  to most all those folks.Too bad it has to come to this ,now the family of this guy has this load to carry.  Let's hope they have  a safe and speedy recovery...',1
'We can rebuild NYC and New Jersey and others in the Spring--now we need to save lives.  We know how to kill people with space fences masking Star Wars the NASA engineered digitalized waste of billions............  ​ ....................  ​ ...now it's time to invest in people and lives.  I suggest the Military start thinking about how to save American lives as opposed to the expansion of Roman annointed Templars and French Dinks.  I recommend Dink money find its way to saving lives on the East Coast.  After all, these are the people who financed you Dinks by credit and banking gimmicks price gouging the rope pullers of the pyramid ego-maniacs and thier pyramids to the self.  Let the Washington monument suffice as proof that Hiram Abyff was only a man and like all in the end, merely furtilized daisies.  God's Corporation are his children and that is what matters.',1
'No offense to you, but what is the evidence?',1
'While I'm getting that for you, please explain the following:\r\n1. Shrinking glaciers\r\n2. Mountains that were always white-capped being bare in the summer\r\n3. Shrinking of polar sea ice\r\n4. Parts of the "Northwest Passage" now being navigable in the summer\r\n5. Artic countries fighting over mineral rights to seafloor once inaccessible due to sea ice\r\n6. Rising carbon dioxide levels in seawater and concomitant acidity\r\n7. Worsening blanching of coral reefs due to their sensitivity to rising acidity\r\n8. Melting of thousands-year-old permafrost in the summer in Siberia\r\n9. Forests giving over to savannah\r\n10.Tropical insects widening their range northward (and southward)\r\n\r\nAll these things are happening.\r\n\r\nLooking forward to your alternative explanation.  I'll wait.',0
'Bumper stickers count, park a block or two away to be sure.',1
'I refuse to spend $150+ on boots that are so UGGLY and are really not the best in keeping feet warm.',1
'There are so many items completely mischaracterized on wishbone thinking's post, I am just going to ignore them and move on.org.',1
'From the stink of it, by the 'dropping'.',1
'Has ANY mpg rating been correct?...seriously  ​',1
'WHATS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!! I live in upstate NY and it freezes here duiring winter im a person that gets cold super quick  sure there not cheap  $ wise but the quality is amazing and i think there super cute',1
'Do I think MSN is biased in there articles?  YES',1
'Adults aren't built for cocaine either.',1
'At one time, unions made greedy corporations pay a reasonable wage, now unions are so greedy that they want to control whatever place they have infiltrated and set up shop.  The sad thing is is that people who are "unionized," are stupid enough to believe that they NEED the union.  They don't.  When the poor shlub is working and the union has their hands in the guy's pockets decrying they need more, more, more to keep their jobs safe, the honchos are living large and being driven around in limos while the shlub is trying to make a living.  Unions are too powerful and should be eradicated.  They have too much say so in how a person(s) run(s) their own company!  Then you have union sympathizers that want more, more, more in wages and benefits and what they wind up with is no job at all because the company can't afford to keep going on unrealistic demands.  Every person deserves a job whether they are union or not, and to keep one from working because he chooses not to participate in union ripoffs, is his right as an individual.  Whether you are a republican or a democrat, the union supports whomever they deem necessary to carry on their own corrupt agenda, and they are the most corrupt bunch of bastards on the planet.',1
'It was entertainment at times. But it was not Country Music. And in trying to make it County Music they are disrespecting the whole genre. If Jason Aldean wants to be a rapper let him go elsewhere. If Faith Hill wants to try to revive a career that never was, let her try somewhere else. I saw her live way back when she was a newcomer and opened for George Strait. She couldn't sing then and she certainly has not improved. Tim McGaw was really off too. Back-up singers had to cover a lot of the notes he missed. Carrie Underwood has a great voice but it seems like everything she sings is just screaming. I understand that Blown Away is her latest hit but due to circumstances, it should have been removed from the show. The music industry as a whole is a hard business. Country Music is and for REAL people and it needs to get back to basics.',1
'Gym, Tan, Laundry, Hurricane, Devastation, Glamour Shot',1
'Nope then you and your sh*t kid would be tased.',0
'Do your homework. Check out McKamey Animal Center website before throwing too many stones. They accept over 100 animals weekly. Would hurting this operation really accomplish what you think it would?',1
'The rock and pop for the artists that could not make it in real Rock and real Pop.  They came over to country because they know we are the best fans and we will tolerate a lot---but, please put the country back in Country!  Come back Reba!  Come back George Strait, come back all the greats of Country and leave rock and pop alone!!!',1
'no cure for ignorance...I'm so pretty in all those pics!  NOT!',1
'you do realize that there is an entire world out there that isn't white, English speaking America, right?  Maybe instead of complaining about it you could, i don't know, learn another language.  One that's actually useful on this continent, not French or German, unless u plan on living there that is.',1
'No money would get me to do it.',0
'I would LOVE to listen to the "old" stuff...if ONLY radio stations would play it!  We need some stations that will play traditional CLASSIC real Country.  I don't know why they don't do it.  There are radio stations that will play ONLY oldies songs so why not a station that will play OLDIES COUNTRY ?  Other than a rare song here or there I can't stand what is being passed off as country now-a-days.',1
'Who says I'm not cool?  Wanna hear me croon a tune?',1
'The Afternoon Adventures of My Dog Mutt Romney \r\n  \r\nThis afternoon Mutt came home with a can of dog food in his mouth.  I guess he was out scavenging in the neighborhood to find what he could for the other dogs who have had harder times.  Mutt likes to appear that he is concerned about them, but then I watched him bury the can in the backyard. Doesn't Mutt know how stupid that makes him look? Stupid dog.',0
'I have a nicer pair at home !',1
'I have to agree Alexandria!!! And ps- Your beautiful!!!',0
'It's all the bleeding hearts anymore...Bullies for example are the same as they've ever been. It's just now we have a generation of kids who played sports where scores weren't kept so nobody got their feelings hurt and they all got a trophy for 'participation' instead of actually having to earn one. The solution? WWIII...Kids these days have a sense of entitlement and NEED a wake up call...Go back to sleep Frequent Flying Grandpa...It's probably your best bet...LOL!',1
'of course the source just happens to be fox news',1
'He has a phone. \r\n Nice of Rmoney to send some used shoes and used expired goods',1
'I have seen nothing but 'hot' young ladies wearing those shoes.  So, I like them.',1
'I totally agree!  There is a saying in the Texas Country scene...Keep Nashville Lame.  Thank the Lord for the Red Dirt music here in Texas.',1
'The officer should not have even pulled the taser out of his holster...loaded or not. What if it was a gun... joking or not. I would be furious as a parent. But then my boy would not of said NO.\r\nThe boy probably learned a lesson.........To respect adults and people of authority. Not saying he deserved it but this 10 year old sound like he has an attitude problem.',0
'Defintely not country anymore. It's like high school with the "IN" crowd and the crowd that's not "IN". Where were the REAL country artists?  Trace Adkins, Hank Jr., Reba, George Strait, just to mention a few. Yes, I know they've been around a long time, but these new kids are apparently in the "IN" crowd and the really "greats" are forgotten. Sad.  It's why I don't listen to radio much anymore. I have CD's for what I like. Oh, and in my opinion, they brought Little Jimmie Dickens out just to make a joke of him.',1
'subconcious costume choice becuase they think the same way on womans rights...somehow this costume just made him look more like a cheesy white guy than a terrorist.  The only thing threatened by Chris Brown is Rhiannas face and good music.',0
'Tumbles I need a "Clarification"..Are  ​  you suggesting I build a treehouse, or move our house to a big berm....Unless maybe you are speaking of something to do with "sea level"\r\n \r\nAs far as the beaches belonging to everyone...All my friends and neighbors that live on the Lakes around here, get pretty hostile....If you get drunk and start talking that shidt at one of their parties..',0
'I can't believe the casual attitude of who ever wrote the article "Happy Halloween Kids- Here's some Cocaine"  What a sick assumption to say that the drug that was given to trick-or-treaters "was postponed by "at least a few years". Like it is a given that the kids will one day use cocaine!!! Then the second part about how maybe the parents should have not reported "the spoils" and taken it for themselves "as part of the  on candy". Pretty sad when people with such a lack of respect for morals are being allowed to write things as seen from their  vies.',0
'Penilties??? What do they accomplish? Nothing...\r\n \r\nThe Mega corps just see that as a tax while they actually walk away with billions. Small price for breaking the laws of the land and the people. No one ever real recieves true justice because you cannot hold a peice of paper (documentation of corporation) accountable for crimes because it is not a human. So the shereholders and the board get awaqy with untold crimes on humanity',1
'They can't prove it.  One thing is for certain though.  The climate is changing.  It always is changing, so that's a given.  Earth's atmosphere is a very complex system.  We are just beginning to understand its dynamics. Alot more research needs to be done before we attempt to alter the climate or cause a global economic upheaval. When a simulation of the atmosphere can correctly reproduce the global climate of the last 100 or so years and also predict out 10 years in the future of the global climate state with 95% accuracy, WITHOUT changing any variables in the simulation between the past and the future, I'll listen to what they have to say.  Until then, I am highly skeptical of any doom and gloom scenarios.',1
'This explains why I'm so boring sober.',1
'She's fat',1
'What the hell is this comment here for: "and thus the children's experience with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years...we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this 'trick' and simply take the spoils as part of the on candy." \r\n  \r\nThat is disgraceful! Does MSN think this is some sort of joke? This is a news site, and I am quite shocked that MSN would act like some immature joking child on this matter. Whoever wrote that article should lose his/her job.',0
'Even if it has healthy products here and there, the majority of the Coke products are not exactly the right choice for a balanced diet and with people becoming more conscious about that it might be difficult to maintain the current level of performance. Well, there won't be change overnight as well.',1
'"23,000,000 STILL OUT OF WORK" \r\n  \r\n21,000,000 are too stupid and don't deserve work in the new world!!!!',1
'While I agree with most of what you said, I agree with Aqua Man in that we need to have the Electoral College for reasons such as that. Afterall, who wouldn't want to vote for Romney or Obama if they were given a couple thousand bucks to do it? I may have integrity in some areas, but money is what the world uses to go round. I'd take the money and cast the vote. A president isn't the power of the government anyway. They're just the needless face. The power, the true power, is in congress...',1
'I never eat anything pertaining to Asian......Ever wonder why Most asians in Asia are so skinny???? They know whats in the food!!!',0
'no',1
'Calling a phone-sex line, imo.',1
'An eye for an eye Cured his wife tried to take his.',1
'Aww!',1
'I got this!',1
'Haha, I'd like to see them try to throw all hooligans into prison camp in the UK.',1
'Because what your looking for is always the last place you look?',1
'I lost respect for them when they printed labels with the word Australia on the shoe backs only to find that they were indeed made in China!',1
'I did it and I'm glad.\r\nAnd give me four more years and i will really be laughing at you America.',1
'I agree that Roth IRAs are a good thing.  However, why is there an income limitation on them?  I thought the government wants us to save for retirement.  I cannot contribute to a Roth because my income exceeds the limits.  That should be changed.',1
'meme model picture number 14 in the above gallery - vamping in front of Princess Diana's crashed limo....yeh, that Really put this dumb ho in perspective',1
'hey myli u ignorant moran he admitted smoking weed alot and doing blow in his book so before u open your mouth grow a brain and stfu!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'Hellooo!!! The Affordable Care Act has not CAUSED a rise in the healthcare costs. Healthcare costs have been rising at aggregate speed rates for the past 20 years. The industry has enjoyed few or no regulations and just like all of today's industries, PROFIT is its motivator and need is its propagator. The insurance industry is a noted behemoth when it comes to profit. Multi-million dollar CEO's, an army og lobbyist in state and federal governments, millions paid to their crony congressmen , and more to hospitals and doctors to keep their costs (insurance companies') down while increasing their profits.  The Affordable Care Act is a weak attempt to manage some control of this monster while seeking to provide health insurance to those who need it most.',1
'15th anniversery, 3 kids about to hit college..would not give that up.  Many jump into marrage I work with and ask for advise but dont really want to work at it.',1
'YAY! \r\nI finally have a valid excuse!\r\nBelieve it or not my maiden name was SMART!!!',0
'There's no accounting for the 'thumbs down' around here.  You could very well have said the sky is blue and the ocean is wet... and you'd still get at least one thumbs down.\r\n \r\nHowever, the funniest is when people say something totally personal and not at all controversial, like, "I grew up in Pittsburgh"... and it STILL gets a thumbs down!  Um, okay, you really think someone would lie about growing up in Pittsburgh?',1
'lol Obamacare leaves you still at the will of insurance companies moron, all this joke of a president has done is say he is going to fine you if you dont have insurance. How is that getting us out from under the insurance companies? Did you even read his horrible healthcare package? Typical liberal, you think just because your guy put some piece of crap out it has to be good and true and helpful. Obamacare will make healthcare worse then it is now.',1
'My Dear ole' dad told," Remember Son! The woman is always RIGHT". Think about it!',1
'no male I know would drive this feminine car- just sayin'',1
'I believe Cee Lo because I also believe he is Gay !!',1
'and you were there with him right?? right?? if not stfu dude !!',1
'kiss his azz  goodbye',0
'WOW....according to the replies....you are O for ...well...every thing you said!  As far as hating monopolies,  care to tell me which non-monopoly phone company you call and text on?',1
'Reds are tools!',1
'Yo Mikey?  You ride it out on Staten Island too?',1
'A post from an ignorant ranting jacka** that knows nothing of the South.',1
'anything with world peace in it gonna be awful....lol',1
'Hahahaha.....that made me giggle.',1
'ah, the fool just gathered the tracts back up, and gave them out one-at-a-time as "tips" to their server when they dined out. i got about 10 of those over the many years i worked in restaurants. so foul.',1
'The fools will be doing it again in 6 months when Apple changes the plug and calls it the iPad mini 2.',1
'For those who have saved, get ready to fight the Govt when they now say we are going to tax ALL investments, even the tax free ones!',1
'fried chicken',0
'He is telling all the orphans “don’t worry it was only $5 million, I know where to get you some food stamps”',1
'Nice bit of poetry',0
'So sad .. as an adoptee of 37 dogs and 25 cats, even one mistake would be too many.  I live in the country and all animals are fixed, have shots, and eat better than many hunans.  But then again, they are better than most humans.\r\n\r\nStill, such a shame.',1
'This is the picture they should hang in the white house next to bush's.',1
'lol what a puss',1
'shocker, violence from a marine vet.  they dont know any different.  My stepdad was a marine for 9 years and beat the **** out of us for no reason.  Theyre all warped after theyre done.',1
'Sorry, my bad.',0
'YEAH GO IFONE!! **** APPLE!!',1
'You're kidding, right?.. We have idiots  teaching our children!',1
'spigot2012 is right, the message is pretty clear.',1
'Another dumb and dumber.',1
'This world needs more people like you Chloe! Thanks for sharing & Im sure you are deeply appreciated :)',1
'No man, they put a new lock on the door\r\n\r\nAfter what happened last week',1
'I am so sick and tired of all of these "celebrities" or just plain rich people who are willing to throw their money around like it is nothing.  If you really want to rid yourself of your money that badly, contact me.  I work for a living, am married, have 2 kids and a house.  I barely make ends meet some months.  I think I deserve your money.  It's not charity and it's not welfare; BUT if you are willing to give it to Trump who has that 1,000 times over, why not hand it to me...',1
'I think most people would've just shot and asked questions later.',1
'You bunch of rude insensitive people!  You look for any reason to turn any situation into a political issue.  I can't believe it.....yet, I'm going to take a guess that you guys responding so rudely and trying to make this horrible situation into a political platform are republicans.  I can't believe it.',0
'Evidently NOT Mutant Ninja Turtles.',1
'BS, he never saw it coming.',1
'Yes, we have wild turkeys in our garden,(and not the bourbon)! They can fly short distances and go right over the deer fence. They ruined our corn this year. They're not very smart either! If you try to chase them out, they just scatter. It's like herding cats! The fenced part of the garden is about an acer, so chasing them is quite a workout. : / Killing them is illegal though, so we just have to chase them off.',0
'Agreed! So many variables to be considered, I believe a person takes an overall assessment before deciding on a course of action. If these were scenario based I have to wonder if they were fight or flight or feed and breed based (potential life threat or a waitress bring food or a drunk hottie)then there are the types of people tested, passive, aggressive, all male, all female, both? Discovery news didn’t offer any more data, would like to see tests in VR.',1
'That is what she gets for not plunging a knife into his heart before the police arrived.',1
'this was not helpful',1
'He only tries to APPEAR to be doing something.. He does nothing for anyone except his crooked czars and himself. I feel so sorry for those two children of his being brought up by Barry & Michelle. They don't have a chance.',1
'I love country music too, but to me these people are still singing country its just 20 years after Reba and George! All music changes with time. You can't expect country music to stay exactly the same forever. It's just a little faster, hipper and more relateable to the new generations. In my opinion, I love it all. Old and New',1
'Every man I know has at least one good story about 'how he beat getting a ticket'.  Including me!',1
'It is sad that they put down the wrong dog. Sad and wrong. I have to ask though- why quarantine a dog that jumped? I mean, call me slow but I was under the impression that dogs only get quarantined if they BITE. Maybe the writer can research a bit more to get a story instead of a paragraph that draws comments.',1
'Some people just suck, and this is why some places do a mandatory 15% tip.....',1
'I'm still waiting to see this so called progress the President has made. Mandatory healthcare? Yeah, thanks to him our rates went up over 350% and we no longer can afford it - so we no longer have insureance.  Thanks for that. Ending Iraq? He didn't have a choice due to a Status of Forces agreement in place before he took office. The repeal of DADT is the only positive thing I've seen come from the White House, and it's not enough.',1
'I don't understand most of you people. It's obvious to me we'\r\nre being lied to. Don't you realize how much oil(money) will become accessible due to the warming. Big oil will stop at nothing to convince us it's a hoax so they can get at more oil (and convince us to use it). THEY DON"T CARE IF THEY DESTROY THE PLANET in the process-----They'\r\nll have the money to live in luxury no matter how bad it gets.',1
'Who effing cares? I mean really... Who effing cares???  Shoot her worthless a$$ out into space so she can fry ice on the sun for all I care....',1
'Cops suck!',0
'SANDY     obama's  katrina,',0
'ONLY IF I WANT TO CLOG AN ARTERY OR TWO',1
'kitty litter',1
'MSN won't report on Obama's mishandling of Benghazi, but this is worthy of posting on their site.   More koolaide for the duped masses.  Go Mitt ..... save us from this BS!',1
'what the bloody hell does this even have to to with marijuana?',1
'hahahahahahahha obama has been canceled as of tue nov 6 when he gets voted out.',1
'After looking closer at some of those shore homes...They are not on the SHORES, they are built on SANDBARS...',1
'I always wondered why their sandals were the about same price as the boots!',1
'rain goooooo awayyyyy',1
'I think MSN is making up their own stories at this point like I've been suspecting for a while.',1
'Did she eat a bowl of stupid?',1
'I'm so glad the CARS are not being "charged" with arson or vandalism...I wonder if the NJPD will charge the MANUFACTURER with arson and/or vandalism for starting a fire.  \r\n \r\n"We can report that there were no injuries and none of the cars were being charged at the time," Fisker said in a statement. \r\n \r\nAt least that's how I first read that sentence!  LOL',1
'My Corgi is really smart.  When I put food in her bowl, she eats it without being told.',1
'Yes Starshinola, you are the only one.',1
'..really, in the overall scheme of things, How important is a freaking marathon? I'm sure the NYPD and Fire and Rescue squads would tell you they'd rather be helping the afflicted than setting up marathon boundaries and crowd control. Tell me the politicians (regardless of party) aren't totally out of touch with the real.',1
'Why do I think it took researchers so long to find these turtles? \r\nUm....cause it happened 160 millions years ago?  Duh!',0
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',1
'I don't care for the color scheme, but the design does fit Dunham's personality.',1
'Great boots. Grew up wearing them. A beach town necessity.  People would buy more if the price point was lowered. They are trying to make a killing off the name brand. People now are swarming to Sam's Club every Christmastime to buy their version. I think it is all about the price point. Not that they are ugly or out of style.',1
'well, if it wouldnt be for the fact that police officers pull beautiful women over -exaclty to warn them on uncommitted offences, than playing the game to obtain a warning would be satisfying.. **** like i have other things to do than to entertain a bored cops with the curling and twisting of my hair and smile.',1
'A drink... that's up to you and your doctor..... enough drinks to make you so drunk that you slump over your wheel while driving.... NEVER!  ...I'm glad she got arrested!!  That's what you GET for drinking while pregnant.... not to mention driving drunk!',1
'At this time, I do earn more than my husband in part because I have more education to my husband.  He did out earn me when we first got married, and at that time, he wasn't that comfortable with the propect that I could make more than him.   \r\n  \r\nIt is easy to say it would be great if your wife out earns you when that isn't going to happen in your marriage, but because of societal norms, it can be a real ego blow when it does.  Over the years, my husband has warmed up to situation, and he now proud of my success.  We work as a team.  It is our money, but we don't need consult each other for smaller purchases.  I do expect that we discuss bigger "extra" purchases.  We talked about my glasses before I bought them, but we didn't need to discuss paying for new brakes for the car before we added them.',1
'I never even heard of the band.',1
'They don't call them jarheads for nothing, I guess, and perhaps this Marine banged his head on a beam to quell a fight on a ship, one too many times.  Wearing a pink tutu, just to what was he always faithful?',1
'Brother!!!! You need to get the hell out of New Orleans.... I thought DC was the nastiest city in America... Turns out, it's New Orleans.....New Orleans is starting to look like the new Detroit with Liberal progressives running the city... Not to mention all the crack heads down there... You are a lot stonger than me man',0
'What I really want to say here is thanks Scott for respecting that shark and his home and I'm glad you made it out ok.  Get well soon!!',1
'Of course it has, with the democrats PRINTING 58% more more money in the last 3.5 years, everything has gone up.   EXCEPT TAKE HOME PAY.    \r\n We need to fire the lazy, corrupt, arrogant imbecile '57  States'....',1
'I agree with that! The record producers in nashville better be made aware that more people then they think, thinks like No Rocker and myself.  More and more americans will not be buying your trash if this type of music continues.  If we want to listen to music that you can not hear the words or understand what the words are, we might just as well listen to something else, but we still would not be buying your trash.',1
'I`m sure it has something to do with the electon. If you look back a few years when Bush was in office just before the election it was under $2.00. Gas is a big issue, You are not going to get re elected making people pay $4.00 a gallon. That is very un popular.',1
'He fits the Idiot profile of a politician',1
'Well...You've done it MSN...You've finally found the one person that I hate MORE than Mitt....',1
'Should people want to live in hazardous areas they should have private insurance (not government) to cover any losses. This insurance would be so expensive most would choose to build elsewhere.',1
'Obama welfare lines and Obama-care hospital lines will be worse.',0
'Just wear a black shirt with flames on it, that would suit you.',1
'Did this article, which did not mention one shred of any evidense, just happen to show up tonight because the CEO of Hershey's endorses a Republican?  First and foremost, MSN prints nothing, NOTHING that I believe.',0
'So, i'm guessing you can't park yuour car with an Obama or Romney bumber sticker within 100 feet of hte polling place also........',1
'Being cash strapped she is going to turn down extra wages? Doesn't make sense.',1
'I am tired of everyone blaming the schools for some of these asinine rules. It is because of the public looking to sue school that these rules are put into place. Schools need to protect themselves from parents and the public. When the people of this world remember what common sense is and how it is used, maybe we can eliminate rules like this. Until then we will all have to live with it. We have no one to blame but ourselves.',1
'When I had my first child, a daughter, 11 years ago I did a little research with the consideration that I was 42 at the time. I came across a very interesting study showing that girls/women receive FOUR TIMES the amount of funding for school than boys/men. \r\n \r\nThat study was conducted over a lengthy time period, so if you add my daughters 11 years on top of that 20-25 years is about right. \r\n \r\nI sent this article to my sister. She has two grown daughters and is accomplished, educated and moderately successful, She recently remarried a much more successful man and I feel she deserves the comforts that his wealth provides. She did not become any less accomplished, educated or successful because he has more money. She became HAPPIER. Only because he is a great guy who knows as much as she does about respect in a relationship.\r\n \r\nIn many ways, I am very glad to have fathered a girl. I just dread the upcoming teenage years and spending 3 to 5 times more money on clothes and necessities than an average boy would need. Again, this is a statement of research, but its very simple. Look at what boys wear, then look at what girls wear. Go online and add up the costs. Throw in for makeup (for the girls) and its easy to see. \r\n \r\nSure boys have their down sides too. Like my having to help them with their studies because the money goes to the girls.',1
'The kid didn't die. It was a dumb thing for the officer to do; but on the brighter side it can be considered a lesson to the child to know it would have been worse had he been committing a crime. But it appears obvious the parents are going to use this incident for greed and financial gain.',0
'The same thing Mr. Thompson did, follow the robber out to the parking lot ensuring the safety of the bank customers, then make a civilian arrest.',1
'If a storm can stop society from moving forward then why do people get upset with the turmoil in the world today.  If people think we live in chaos then they should visit other countries. Hati comes to mind. IF the original settlers stopped what they were doing because of a storm then they would not eat... if one felt the race was not appropriate then do not paticipate...   but... but... do not force your will n the masses...',1
'Go tear yourself off a little piece and take him home.',0
'Swag J, I remember those years,( a long, long...long time ago ;). I was invisible. Kind of sucked. On one hand, I had a lot of fun, on the other hand, I wouldn't want to relive high school.  : /',0
'Somehow I knew you to be highly intelligent Pamela! ;)  Hope you're having a great day!',0
'fyi Bourdain quit smoking quite awhile ago...\r\nand Rick Steves likes to drink wine, so maybe a crossover show would be fun to watch!',0
'The liberal mainstream press is shameless when it comes to supporting libtards.  They even try to spin an increase in the unemployed as a decrease.  What a bunch of loons.',1
'may the force be with you',1
'Now, this bird....I identify with this bird. When you look unto the outside and see what and who are there. Well, it's better to just stay inside.',1
'American needs Main stream  Republican's to take control of their Party.......Mainstre  ​ am  Republican's  need to GROW A BACKBONE and  REMOVE the EXTREMIST that have infected their RANK AND FILE.........These Extremist  are doing the Republican Party a disservice, these Extremist are doing American's a disservice......The Wacko's need to be remove, so we can MOVE THIS COUNTRY FORWARD !!!!!      \r\n We need at least a two party system.....But if Mainstream Republicans's don't come to their senses,  WE DON'T NEED THEM EITHER...this country will move FORWARD without them..... Wake up Republican'S that play between the 40 yd lines....DEMAND YOUR PARTY BACK !!!!!!!!!!!  Hey Mainstream Republicans  Chris Christie, Colin Powell, and Bloomberg GET IT and you CAN TOO!',1
'in 1900  a hurricane hit  Galveston texas ,     what was that from',1
'Punished for hugging in Australia?  Mean (and I do mean MEAN) while in the USA it is ok to bully other kids and beat them up...then we wonder why the wold is becoming so violent.  DUH!',1
'Weak minded!!!! Hahahahahahaha... You're like a 6th grade graduate!!!! Hahahahahahahahaha..  ​ .. You have no right hemisphere left... You smoked it all up on crack......\r\n \r\nArmer, armer kleiner Junge ...... Noch, herauszufinden, wie sich ein Mann ..... Tipp! ! ! ! ! ! !! Männer nicht saugen auf Dicks ........',0
'Honestly she kind of got what she deserved. Being that air headed and stupid to leave your naked photos lying around is just asking to be mocked. What if she'd lost her phone? Anyone could have found it and uploaded the images all over the net. Then who would she have to blame other than herself.  \r\n Stupid git.',1
'WTF? I is supposed to have silverware and a napkin? It's an animal! Having said that, it still has more table manners than most people I know.',1
'The owners of the pub I work for kicked out a lady who ran us to death and never tipped.  \r\n That made my night.  We all clapped as she made her exit. I hope it happens elsewhere and often.',1
'Communication which makes Compromise possible...',1
'Someone, so you are saying that Obama screwed the US right? Not Bush but Obama. \r\nI would love to transfer the balance of my mortgage on to you (but I keep my house) and lets see you pay it off. And don't blame me for buying an expensive house because that's in the past. Just pay off my mortgage without whining.',1
'No.',1
'Absolutely, lets all go back to pre-2008 and relive the previous 8 years (2000-2008). We all know how great that was.',1
'I would "euthanize" every one of the incompetent staff involved and plead temporary insanity.  Losing my dog, especially like this, would drive me to insanity.',1
'Too bad they didn't get a shot of a tree laying across the photographer's head.....\r\n \r\n   I fail to see the glamour in any shots like those.THEY SUCK.......',1
'yep just getting photo opps like obama and the dems.',1
'I can't belive the so called journalist who wrote this. ..." the children's experience with this class A drug was postponed by at least a few years." and... "we wonder if some parents would have been happy not to report this "trick" and simply take the spoils as part of the on candy." Does the BBC have editors? The writer doesn't go off on the guy who hands it out but implies the kids will all do cocaine later on in life and and goes on to attack the innocent victims, writing that he wonders if they would take the drugs and use them? What kind of scumbag writers do they have working for them? I'd fire this ****. He seem like he does it himself by the way this is written. Shame on the BBC and MSN for allowing such a poorly writte, accusation filled article.',0
'Hug related injuries include but not exclusive to. 1. Hugging elevates self worth, garners feelings of happiness, 2. Increases academic performance. 3. Fosters social tolerance. 4. Enhances community interaction cooperation. Exactly opposite of the Government school systems needs and requirements to sustain control of the population. Dumb  uncaring Sheep make the best Sheep.',1
'NavyChief24   Absolutely outstanding Brutus. Although it looks like your 100% factful response irritated Stric 9. Typical Lib; --------------------  ​ ------------------ factual? I thought it was considered TREASON to slander the commander in chief while serving in our armed forces.... and yet here you are as a Navy Chief?  Therefore you sir must be impersonating an officer and or military serviceman.',1
'I'm also very old for a cop, Brian.',1
'It's more about the judges now than the "talent" anyway.  Rubber stamped wannabees shooting for the next big chance to get a contract recording rubber stamped music.',1
'Too funny! thanks for the laugh.',1
'A friend  stated that after she had her second child, her husband became disinterested. She literally had to beg him.  This went on until she left him 14 years later.',1
'Nice try MSN. Romney is going to win and there is nothing you or any other media outlet can do to stop it. Thanks for selling out!',1
'I think most people just want jobs, and have realized that greedy UNIONS have forced good jobs to go elsewhere!  \r\n \r\nI've seen companies "shut-down" from union arrogance, and their out walking the streets the next day, no job, no pay-chec; "nothing!"  Just like the Bain commercials exploiating the situation for Obama's campaign, my guess is that those people were just to radical to work it out, so,,,,,,"bye-bye!"  There's only so much a corporation can do before YOU force them to close shop!!  Cold-hard facts of reality.  Just like football,,,,,,if someone comes along better,,,,,,"you're gone!"',1
'Not a huge fan of X Factor, the show is so staged, Brit is boring and the fighting between judges is old.  \r\nBut KHLOE and MARIO did a great job! They added some personality and fun to the show. \r\nKhloe looked beautiful.',1
'Cure gays and pedophiles in nothern people...',0
'I got a better idea......Christie, Powell, and Bloomberg can go join the democratic party where they belong and quit watering down and polluting the conservative side of the party.',1
'wouldn't be so grim i ment,,lol',1
'if i am on the jury she gets a thumbs down',1
'The electrical workers are there to help get the electricity turned on. The storm victims just want the power turned on, they don't care if it is done by union or nonunion workers. It is disgraceful for people who are there only to help to be turned away because they are nonunion. That's idiotic.',1
'Lol!',1
'STUPID, TASTELESS AND STUPID-- AGAIN. BOYYYYYYYYCOTT!',1
'VF is right.  There is a 'happy medium' at about the point where interest rates and borrowing capability intersect.  I believe it used to be in the area of 4 or 5 percent. \r\nWith organic growth we can get there again.',1
'I think it looks like a mans writing as well...and I agree that they really don't match. Just something to stir up controversy',1
'most of the reply's here are from people who are too stupid to understand that without unions they would be working 80 hours a week,have no benefits and no vacation.\r\ni understand  unions have some downfalls,but without them no working family's would have the lifestyle they have.\r\nas the unions decrease we will see longer work weeks and poorer pay for the same jobs.most don't have any idea what company's are capable of putting workers thru  when left unchecked.people love to think that their boss is their friend and would never screw them,wake up before it is too late,look at all the bashing from a story with nothing to substantiate it.',1
'A HARE TOOOO SHORT HA HA',1
'The whole AB system, not just Bud,  is about quality.  The are the only brewer that is!',1
'Yes, I love and still wear them. I also have ugg sandles!',1
'LOLOLOL',1
'Saggy I agree 200% . . . and I like your screen name, too.',1
'i'd do things to her that shouldn't be done to a farm animal.',1
'Which one of your civil liberties would you, personally, like to give up?',1
'oh what cute picture of maru the last picture got his smiling',1
'(Southern MN) Well a similar event with my SRT8 1st year production model Dodge Challenger (2008 426 Hemi) 1st time out of the garage since winter outing in spring of 2011 on way to Future Son In Law Stag Party with my Son along (Me 58 son 30)!  Just went flying by car I was passing on 2 lane Hwy!  Small town up road 5 miles, at time was probably in the 110-120 mph range started to back off to 90 as town coming up! Looked in my rearview = red lights!  Was a sheriff in a UNMARKED WHITE FORD PICKUP (That fair? HA!) Pulled over soon as saw red lights!  Sheriff walked up to car and asked me if I had any idea how fast I was going? Said I had no idea waiting for the 120 figure said 98!  I just said OMG 1st time out, my collectors car as was 3 years old but only 2,000 miles on odometer!  He looked said well Bright Orange/Sport Car what you think "we wouldn't  be watching you!  I just replied "yea I would also if I were you!"  He then returned to his pickup came back 10 min. later and said I am going to write you up for 64 in 55!  That way this will not even be reported to State of MN and/or go against your driving record period!  OMG all I could do is say "Thank You!"  He made a few comments about how much he loved my car and said I can see how it would be easy to be going so fast and not be aware of it, but slow down!  I did held it down to 55-60 that day for 150 more miles! (2 times time to get there? HA) and on way home 2 days later!  Can totally relate to the bright yellow firebird guy!',1
'It's to the point that if you take your dog to be cared after you should put on a special made collar that says "DO NOT EUTHANIZE" Kinda like when patients have to have limbs removed they Sharpie on the good Limb saying "Do not remove" or "This is the good Arm"',1
'no',1
'Party? You mean the communist party?',1
'For those of you proclaim love for dem' damned boots because they kept your feet warm in the winter...Right on! We can accept that. However, no love for those who wore them with shorts in August to a picnic or to the mall in San Antonio or your little brother's piano recital in San Diego. No love for you at all. Good riddance, Ugg. Go sit by Pet Rocks in the Pop Culture waste bin. See Ya!',1
'I did, I am so sorry! I miss read "Amerindian". Serves me right for reading and doing other things at the same time. Duhhh! Have a good day.',0
'The Center for Disease Control has issued a warning about a new virulent strain of this old disease. The disease is called "Gonorrhea Lectim." It pronounced "Gonna re-elect em" and is a terrible Obamanation. The disease is contracted through dangerous and high risk behavior involving cranium up the rectum. Many victims contracted the disease in 2008. Most people, after having been infected during the past 4 years, are beginning to realize how destructive this sickness can become! \r\nGonorrhea Lectim is easily cured with a new drug on the market called "Votemout." The first dose should be taken now and the second dose in Nov. 2012. Everyone should be warned not to engage in this type of behavior again; otherwise, it could become permanent and eventually wipe out all life as we know it.\r\nPlease inform all those bright persons you love and really care about.',0
'EPA needs to get there act together, most cars are overestimated anyway from EPA.  real world driving is diffent, condider traffic, uphills, cold weather, warm up time.',1
'i dont care, i have a plane to fly me anywhere i want to go and tons of dummies to do whatever i wish, fooled your azz big time.',1
'Hey, you can't hold his campaign accountable for anything he is doing or saying right now... because its all "disaster relief" related.  I swear, seriously, you can't even see the campaign logo's hiding beneath all of the signage at his events... And when they start singing campaign warmup songs they really are meaning to energize disaster relief.',1
'I just went to the doctor for my yearly check-up. I told my doctor I got a new policy and it was hard to understand. Her comment was, wait until next year it gets' worse. The obama care goes into effect.',1
'I am not a big Kobe fan at all but I will say that I like what he said. I don't think he is angry, I just think he knows that the media is just trying to stir the pot. THE MEDIA IS STUPID almost all the time. We will see where the Lakers are after another 79 games.',1
'I'd like to see her pose with a picture of mohammed.',1
'You must be kidding. He had nothing to do with Bin Laden at all NOTHING!!! don't give him credit for that. Give it to the people who did the job!!! screw your tax funded health care for the welfare. Your one of the uninformed misguided people who need to pick up a book and stop listening to what OLiar tells you!!!!!! NO MORE HAND OUTS GET A JOB AND TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF!!!!!!',1
'Yes she should have as many drinks as one desires.',1
'She is one of worst examples for our youth. She is not smart, she is very unattractive. \r\nHas no respect for anyone. I would not want my child to look up to that. Thats about all she is, a that. gross',1
'IF THIS IS TRUE.............ITS  ​  THE MOST TERRIBLE THING I HAVE EVER HEARD OF.  I AM IN LAW ENFORCEMENT AND SAW A CONVOY OF TRUCKS FROM GEORGIA, ILLINOIS, ALABAMA AND OTHERS TRAVELING HERE TO HELP THOSE OF US THAT ARE IN TROUBLE.   IF THESE GUYS WERE TURNED AWAY THAT TRAVELED ALL THE WAY HERE TO NEW JERSEY... NEW YORK, AND ELSEWHERE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES.\r\nTHAT IS WHY WE ARE IN THE CONDITION AS WE ARE ...........B E C A U S E OF STUPID PEOPLE.  STUPID PEOPLE IN MANAGEMENT THAT USE THEIR EGO INSTEAD OF THEIR BRAINS.  SHAME ON YOU ALL WHO WERE INVOLVED IN THIS UNION THING......SHAME ON YOU.........I JUST HOPE YOU DONT HAVE TO GO THROUGH THIS BUT IF YOU DO........I HOPE THAT YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN WITH NO HELP FROM ANYONE.   (SHAME ON YOU)',1
'That dude is one ugly mother*****er',0
'y there are going to be alot of idiots disappointed when Romney wins in a landslide!',1
'My vote would be for Kristi Noem',0
'because argentina =/= USA. They don't necessarily have an electoral college.',0
'Amazing. Lmfao. I believe more cops should teach that kinda lesson especially in high crime states, and area. People need to know cops don't **** around. However, cops also need to go back to shooting suspects before seeing a weapon. Shoot to kill, shoot first ask later. I'm tired of good men and women dying.',0
'I'm a woman and I thumbs up-ed you, as you are 100% correct, however women in general are on a high horse and will never admit their fault in failing marriages and adultery for lack of sex...',1
'Yes, yes it would.',1
'No.',1
'You people are so full of crap with your "Compromise," "Trust," "Honesty," and "Good Communication," "Not getting married before you're both ready" . . . especially that last one.',1
'I only watch Velocity, History Channel, Speed Channel and the Power Block on Spike TV (Saturday Mornings). TV news lost me after coverage of Princess Diana's Death. The TV Shows went south during the writer's strike a few years back.  The ONLY reality TV show worth watching is "Overhaulin'". There are few people in the World that can match Chip Foose when it comes to building custom cars...  I would NEVER watch anything on the major networks. Even the NFL and NBA are terrible now, however you are free to enjoy it! (don't see how though)',1
'Does she not have any one in  her life that can tell her not to dress up that way in public!  It is sad that the truth is revealed to her on this forum.  I hope she is reading some!',1
'aces high, you're only 32 years old. Try 75 and just try to guess what changes I have heard in country music. Some good, some bad. But no one will ever replace Conway Twitty.',1
'Well if the waitress was attractive and the mood struck...... Oh I forget that wasn't the question.',1
'It's no worse than barry not letting the hispanics have forks for their food during the fundraiser he had with that hispanic business group back in June.',0
'more like AconBURNEDCitizen231  ​',1
'How sad!\r\nIf I was there when they were still alive I would have carried every single one them to safety even if it meant getting my new Air Jordans a Lil' dirty!',1
'Barack Obama 2012! \r\n  \r\nChris Van Hollen in 2016 & 2020! \r\n  \r\nGod bless America!',1
'Highly_Recommended\r\nSenior matchmaking',0
'Way to go daughter.',1
'"God awful" and "Lifetime movie" are synonymous phrases...Metta World Peace is a nutcase, and so is Nancy Grace. What a perfect combination!',1
'YOUR DOING A HECK OF A JOB BROWNIE!',1
'What a fool!',0
'why do you all have negative things to say? why are you even on this page checking this out if its so not your thing or country music died so many years ago? Mat you need to re-evaluate yourselves because I almost certain you cant do any better. This is the way these artist live and make millions, what are you doing? I am sure you listen to all those other "so called" artists.',1
'My 20 year old and 16 year old are metal fans and were devastated by the news.  He was a husband and father and apparently a really decent guy.  Prayers to his family and loved ones. R.I.P. Mitch.',1
'NO!  They are hideous!',1
'I LOVE my cat. I have so many cute pictures of him, but don't know how to post his pictures here?:)',1
'What will he do if his wife cancer resurfaces? People are full of it.',1
'TRAIN WRECK IN THE WORKS',1
'Not that I would want to see, but if she was naked these pics would be great. Otherwise Bow-Wow!',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Uhm, when I was going to concerts regularly it would have been really rude to not accept the things being passed around.  Someone lit a joint, then passed it on.  thats just how it was.\r\n    But that was before my generation sold out.  Oh well.',1
'This is fu(ked up....one of the lowest stunts you've ever pulled......',1
'In a press release, Decatur said it waited for "clarification" of documents from the IBEW "that implied a requirement of our employees to agree to union affiliation" while working in New York and New Jersey.\r\n\r\n"As we waited for clarification, we became aware that Seaside Heights received the assistance they needed from other sources," \r\n \r\nthey drug their heels in giving "clarification" while in the mean time finding "other sources"...UNION AFFILIATED SOURCES????\r\n \r\nmaybe not turned away, but please...dont pi** down my leg & tell me its raining...',1
'denverBob, whether it's "protected speech" or not is irrelevant in that the current law is you cannot wear a shirt that promotes anything regarding the election. If I wore a shirt that said "Vote for Mickey Mouse!" I would be asked to leave as well. While it may or may not violate the first amendment, these rules were put in place for very good reasons - and I would bet they've been challenged more than once. She was not singled out, with everyone else walking by wearing shirt promoting what or how to vote for, so it will probably stand. However, for anyone who thinks this is a violation of rights and is wrong overall, then I'd suggest finding a way to do something about it.',1
'Lol! That helps.',1
'"36 straight months of job growth" \r\n  \r\nAnd 36 stright month of the rightwing whacks claiming it's a leftwing conspiracy. \r\n  \r\nIf they're right well I say lets have 36 more months of that there conspiracy. \r\n  \r\nIt's just amazing the stupidity of the whacks.',1
'I-carumba',1
'Robme and his goofy side kick Lyan Ryan are really something else. I mean where do  you start with these 2??? I can't stand the thought of looking at these 2 for 4 years. I can't stand the thought of what they will do to those of us who aren't  the 1%. I can't stand to think of what they will do with MY Social Security and Medicare which by the way we have earned by working our whole lives. Obama-Biden 2012',1
'Akita,  What lie did Bush tell to start the war in Afganistan??  Terrorists started that war in New York and nearly all of Congress and the Country was behind Bush.  He kept us and all of our Embassies safe.  Afganistan was stable when he left office and now it is being overtaken with terrorists again.  It is true that more soldiers have died in 4 years of Obama than 8 years of Bush.',1
'He actually has nothing to hide.  I saw him on Fox news pulling his hair back and letting the anchor woman run her fingers through it.  For the life of me though, I can't understand why he styles it like a comb over.',1
'So you were against the invasion of Afghanistan?',1
'Posting here is very confusing now.  The messages used to be listed in posting order.  But now, it's changed.  I don't understand.  Call Doc.  Tell him MSN is sick.  We need medicine.  Good dog Lassie!',1
'Uh, no. \r\n First, I have to wonder if the children were told how they were clasified as being told you were dull/not bright could result in low self esteem thus less of a social life as time went by and so less of a reason to raise a glass.  That is, of course,  unless the child, now an adult, decided to apply alcohol therapy to alleviate the low self-esteem making him/her out of the norm for the dull group.  \r\n \r\nOn the other hand, are the ones that were classified as very bright now self-confident adults who socialize a lot more or have jobs where there is more socializing and so they consume more alcohol? Of if they truly were brighter and met their full potential then maybe they have a little more $ to spend on booze.\r\n \r\nI'm not sure we got the full story and even when I checked the "SOurce" it wasn't the true source, it was someone's summery of the study.',0
'Actually i think the US public debt started going up under president Johnson back in the 60's.   \r\n  \r\n>>>>>>>The numbers are simply continuing an upwards trend that began under President Bush. <<<<',0
'What would Obama say.  You coming out in favor of capital punishment.  My word.',1
'you're a real putz',1
'Someone said that the President has no control over gasoline prices!   \r\nPeople who love him, do though!  Same thing, and just before the Election!  Who would have guessed....?',1
'ARE YOU KIDDING? IDIOT KIDS HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOIN ON.THEY DON'T THINK ABOUT THE FATE OF THEY'RE  DECISIONS.  MOST ARE LUCKY ENOUGH TO KNOW WHICH SHOE GOES ON WHAT FOOT.',1
'Mutt is nothing more then George Bush on steroids..Oh and a little richer to!!',1
'welcome to the hot biker club---rider + dating',0
'Annnnnnnddddd number 20 is in the making!',1
'Signatures are different than your handwriting.  It is the very first glimpse of who you really are.  If you can clearly read someone’s name they are proud and happy with their name.  If you can only read their first name and not their last name, then they like and are proud of their first name and not their last name; or vise versa.  Sometimes women start to “scratch out” their last name when they are unhappy in their marriage or are divorced and never returned to their maiden name.',1
'I'm not sure what everyone is reading, the article clearly says the documents were presented by the union, not the companies or state. It further said that in no way were any non union workers turned away, why does everyone jump at some newspaper article that comes from paper 500 miles away from the incident and was not present?',1
'I love Ugg boots!? What are they talking about when they are saying "hideous..."',1
'What? No more Dead Men voting, no busloads of blacks from South Carolina to North Carolina, No gays voting. Remember, I'm only half black. The other half, I'm not so sure. Did you say White Trash ? Maybe.\r\nNot to worry, Joe, we still have the robovoting machine that will automatically dial my name. Ha, ha.',1
'Never purchased these...UGGLY overpriced Chinese Frankenstein boots!',1
'Tank is my hero, pick on a vet in a wheelchair. Way to go, Tank. Let's see if we can get old Tank some  small Girl Scouts to fight.  Maybe he would like to pick on some 80 year olds, on walkers. Yes sir, don't old Tank make you proud?',0
'Well this is nothing new, simply becoming a more = society. More women getting degrees and advanced degrees etc. \r\nWith the economy ttoo many aren't going to school on the male front and they will be selected for a job first. basic sociological knowlodge and reality.\r\nSome men like women who are competitive with them, some want a more old-fashioned lifestyle and there are plenty of women to fill both as well as men to fill the needs for the women who want the same, etc.',1
'I hated this band and then I started listening to them more and started to really like them. It really shocked and saddened me to hear this. R.I.P. Mitch :-(',1
'Where I live is littered with motorcycle cops with nothing better to do than bust people going 40 in a 35. Big deal.',1
'Somewhere out there is a stupid, clueless asian man drooling over the picture wanting to eat some part of the lion thinking it will give him magical powers and make his microscopic pecker stiff as a nail.',1
'I disagree, England is the worst for ridiculous, hand cuffing policies for children. Like when one particular district outlawed raising your hand to answer a question, and turned to a very subdued thiumbs up to replace it...it doesn't surprise me one bit that this happend in Britains sister country',1
'Patience, patience , patience.',1
'Yes,mitt the Twit romney does suck,in fact he sucks the whole GOP,thats why he is not talking to reporters,his throat is to sore from all that sucking!',1
'whoppers beat big macs.  Who needs three slices of bread.',1
'Those boots are junk, over priced low quality junk. \r\nSpend your money wisely.  \r\nShop around for better quality and a fair price, you'll be much warmer and happier with your purchase.',1
'Yes',1
'Has anyone noticed you can separate by: "newest, oldest, best and worst.\r\nThis website put the posts where they think it should be ... \r\nAnything negative about the boy_______ straight to worst\r\nAnything about sueing the cop, city, getting money__________ straight to best.\r\nI think someone is just a little one side.',0
'In some states, people are working to change that law.  I hope they succeed.',1
'Hey SUperBeast...you asked him for proof...all you had to do was google it:...here is the very first one that popped up when I did: \r\n  \r\namericanthinker.com/  ​ blog/2012/11/can_dem  ​ ocrat-leaning_voting  ​ _machines_win_electi  ​ on_for_obama.html',1
'Romney has spoken out against FEMA.  His "community based" model for cleaning between the yard lines is simplistic and pathetic.',1
'None of em, I will throw it out there and say I don't have to worry about them because I am deathly afraid of bodies of water I cant see through and have critters in them, I will only swim in a pool. I will also never go on a cruise but, for some reason flying over the water is OK.....',0
'I think the USAF needs to take charge and repent its sins................  ​ .........C-130s can fly low over Staten Island dropping caches of hope.  I think Paul Allen can pay for it.',1
'Dull Rhetoric from Bored Parent',1
'Country music has evolved the same way that romantic comedies have evolved, i.e., it's basically the same bland crap over and over again...',1
'Shoulda bought a Ford!',1
'I wouldn't waste my time listening to a group like this. From the looks of this guy, he will make a great lamp shade.',1
'Yeah they're always  slewed to the left every time .',1
'what we really need in the US is a single government funded news station that reports the news as factual information.  Truth-fullness is an attribute that seems to be lost in our news reporting organizations these days.',1
'Congrarts to Blake. He deserved it. The awards show was very entertaining but as I am from the older generation of true country performers it saddens me top see how much our COUNTRY music is changing. It is more rock and pop related than the wonderful country ballads and songs we use to hear from our performers. I'm not saying this is a bad thing I just feel if it is to be a "country music award" program we should hear more country songs.',1
'Sad I swear people toss the single parent point around like a hot potatoes.\r\nIf your a single parent and cannot spare a tip after spend 100 bucks on a meal then guess what you shouldn't be spending that much cash from the jump. Im a single parent struggling but im not that cheap to tip cause im sure that waiter is just in need of money. \r\nLike my friend said being a single parent doesnt stop you from having fun, being smart, independent.....im sure its also doesn't stop you from spending or paying. Like going into walmart and be like i want this that and oooo this walk out the store sorry im a single mother great customer service.',1
'SUE THEM TILL THEY BLEED. MURDERING S.O.B.'S Honestly my response would be relentless, I want all your money, I want all your Jobs. These clowns are not fit to be janitors.',1
'No. The Whopper just isn't a Whopper any more.',1
'There are just some people who will defend the calculating piece of crap Romney!! It's pathetic!! He cannot relate, nor can he speak!! He's an embarassment!! He will humiliate the United States of America!! We will be the laughing stock of the World and no one will take the US seriously!!',1
'MOVE FORWARD to 1899 !!  Vote RoMoney. \r\n\r\nGuess we dont need no Hot Tub Time Machine for that.',1
'UUUUUH...... NO!  I don 't believe it any way..... Take a look at this mans hands and feet....  so from a womans stand point..... WTF would he assault any one with?  Damn , but seriously .... missed being a midget by a milimeter',0
'If you want David Axlerod, press 1; if you want Rahm Emanuel, press 2...',1
'Never happen because of the way it is computed.  Guarantee American cars do not make their estimate either.  It is all a big scam to rip off the customer supported by the EPA that is suppose to protect us.',1
'I'm sorry Mr. President but you look high.',1
'Comes with its own border jumping illegal.',1
'I can not chose  they are both adorable',1
'My husband and I will be celebrating 25 years together this spring and we are still very happy and are still going strong.  For the past 23 years of our marriage I have been home raising our children. My job was 24 hrs a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.  My husband has always been very supportive of our (yes our) decision to have one parent stay home with the children.  Since he had the higher earning potential, I stayed home.\r\n\r\nOur youngest heads to college next year so I have been trying to decide what I will do next.  My husband suggested that since I have spent 23 years raising children that I should think of myself as retiring from my first career.  If I decide to go to work I will think of it as my second career.  \r\n\r\nThe point is that we have both always been very supportive of each other.  Marriage takes work but the rewards are great, for both men and women.',1
'Get it right.  Oblama said that to Medeved the pres not Putin.  Know your stuff before opening thy mouth Elwood.',1
'Im sure weed for Christmas is better than cocaine on Halloween, funny comment though.  I bet the parents had been ripped off and used their kids as bait for a sting operation. Trick or Treat',1
'Hello Uggs, your prices are toooooo high. I would buy a pair for my entire family but not at $150.00 a shot. And lowering the price to let's say $125 won't cut it. Try $75.00 and you will make money on the volume that you sell.',1
'No **** this month!',1
'hell yeah! what is wrong with people? i've been a runner all my life\r\ni know how addictive it is but people are suffering and need help!\r\nwhy don't you go help somebody instead of worrying about running a marathon?',1
'True Story:  I was hired in 1984 by a major construction company working in California in a union work area.  As part of the hiring process, I was forced to join the local chapter of the Union.  I was last in line on the assignment pegboard to be dispatched to the job site.  Due to the fact that I was hired by the construction company and not the union, an sealed envelope with 5 fresh $100 bills was given to the union chief and I was on the job the next morning completely bypassing the other 400 union hall members.  That is why corruption is alive and well in the unions.  Also it explained why he was driving a brand new Lincoln. \r\n The media is now trying to cover up the truth and the bad news and it is a fact that this story includes: \r\n "WAFF news director Adam Henning told me before the utility's statement was issued the station stands by its story. Ray Hardin, the general manager of Decatur, told  on Friday that officials from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers presented workers with documents that "required our folks to affiliate with the union," which the company wouldn't agree to. It's unclear exactly what that means."',1
'lmao, Aqua Man, that thought should ruin his next couple of meals.',1
'That is so shocking Ausi are very loving people and what is wrong with hugging? I was at  one the the fast food joints and over heard some group of women talking about the proper? why to hug it seem full frontal is not good only side hugging is allowed.',1
'A company should have, in its contracts with unions (as in at-will employment), all of the conditions required by the company to succeed. In addition, and in the competitive spirit of capitalism, the company should be prepared to replace workers, union or otherwise, that do not meet the requirements of the contracts or of the company.\r\n God I'm smart!',1
'First of all.. why do you have to tip.. Its not the law to tip.. Does anyone tip the trash guys, does anyone tip there teacher for a good education, does anyone tip the automobile mechanic?  Even though there getting payed not so well, that doesn't entitle anyone to be a smart **** or an **** to force anyone to tip..',1
'I'm one of "THOSE" people whose dog is like a second baby to me--Let's just say it wouldn't be pretty!!!!!!!!!!!  I am so sorry Matthew, RIP Zion.',1
'Threshold for reckless driving is 100mph in California?  Oops. My bad.  Better reset my drive time expectations to Vegas.',0
'Three words Draw the Line.  If you listened to their live album that was released in the seventies you definitely would have avoided a concert it was horrible',1
'What a nerve!  Anything for publicity!  Shame on you two morons!',1
'What? The republicans think they can do a better job? Here let me think back a few years......oh, that's right. Forget about it!!',1
'At one point the Dodgers were 9 and 1... and where did that get them in the end.',1
'Had to change the spelling to allow it to post as is and not a bunch of sesorship over a medical term for rectum',1
'What do you want from me for Pete's sake,I'm only the freaking president,call God.',1
'another one of your left wing liberal propaganda comments!\r\nyour brainwashed! Obama LIED TO AMERICA ABOUT THE 4 AMERICANS\r\nWHO WERE KILLED! AND ABOUT FAST N FURIOUS. AND ABOUT STIMULUS\r\nBAILOUTS HEALTHCARE COST MEDICARE CUTS ETC....LIAR....\r\nHOW MUCH MORE YOU NEED?',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'When "Bud" was American, I drank lots of it.  Now "Bud" is just another foreign product.  Coors light is American and good.',1
'16 and Pregnant is REALITY people. I would bet if any of you have teenagers they are not virgins anymore.  I work with DCFS and get calls about under age parents constantly.  Kids having Kids. The youngest was 13.  You need to get your head out of the hole in the ground you are hiding your nieve self and look at reality. Adoption is on the high. Everywhere.  And I will tell you something else. I watch 16 and Pregs and the teenagers making valiant life long choices are more intelligent then some 30 year olds I deal with that only want to work.   \r\nRancic should have taken the hint that maybe they should have adopted or not have kids.  Maybe it was never meant to be.  If she is going to get a nanny or a full time nurse what is the point of being a Mother.  There are more nannies, nurses and caregivers raising children these days then their own parents. Watch the show and let it teach your children to wait until they are ready to commit, that is what it is teaching.',1
'The most important trick they all know is..."not to pee in the house" lol',1
'Hey Meg - I'm sure a lot of people here would love to know just which growth stock mutual funds you have that are yielding 13% a year.  Come on now, tell us.',1
'I'm exausted, doing shifts for nursinghome coworkers who had a worse time of it than me with this hurricane.\r\nI have also donated canned goods at the local firestation for people without food south of us. I hope everyone pitches in to help those who are devistaed by this.\r\nMy family lost their summer house yrs ago to a hurricane. They were wise enough not to rebuild in a sealevel flood zone.',1
'I agree, I have a B.S. in Chemistry and a J.D., I am a licensed practicing attorney and my husband is a police officer.  We began dating while I was still in school for my undergraduate degree and married while I was in my last semester of law school.  While according to this article my husband has "married up", I find this label silly.  We were together for a long time before marrying, and I don't like the idea that education had anything to do with the ultimate outcome.  My husband is a smart and brave man, good father and good husband, even though he works a blue collar job, it is an important job, and the implication of this article is that I "married down".  I don't agree at all.',1
'Sure they can.',1
'The Lord giveth a cure for cancer and the Lord taketh away a leg ... I notice he didn't sue God but then again he wouldn't have a leg to stand on... medical bills cost an arm and a leg, so you could say he got off cheap. Seriously though, I would consider the loss of a leg a small price to pay for a miracle that gave my wife back to me when all hope was lost!',1
'Romney is supported more by working Americans, especially tax-payers, than welfare Americans.',1
'Racist.',1
'What a cute cat..',1
'I havent the heart to tell Brutus;  the 128 votes for Gary Johnson is not going to make much of a difference, but one can say they were 'true to their principles'.',1
'To bigpictureguy1 and others: (Part 2)\r\n \r\nToday, worldwide, there is an apparent increase in many infectious diseases.\r\nThis reflects the combined impacts of rapid demographic, environmental, social, technological \r\nand other changes in our ways-of-living. Climate change will also affect infectious disease occurrence.\r\n Humans have known that climatic conditions affect epidemic diseases from long before the role of \r\ninfectious agents was discovered, late in the nineteenth century.\r\n[World Health Organization]\r\n \r\nThe earth's climate is driven by dynamic NATURAL processes, \r\n[NOT as some of you say "as god intended"], and these natural processes, when exposed \r\nto excessive human activity produce, and will continue to produce climate change which will ultimately\r\n be detrimental to the human condition. \r\nThese are but a few of the real facts; we must keep an open mind regarding our impact on this \r\nfragile planet, And not succumb to hearsay or superstitions touted by the ignorant many, \r\nwho believe science has nothing to do with our environmental future. Those of you who are skeptical \r\ncan continue to believe others who feel there is no human activity induced climate change, \r\nbut when the first links of all global food chains begin to collapse, and diseases will be \r\non the rise, how will you explain to your grand children that you do not believe in the science, \r\nor be able to explain to them that their generation and their grandchildren will have to deal with \r\nlife altering food shortages, and pandemic infectious diseases!',1
'People need to stop with the overly fake pc bull crap. When there's a blizzard some people lose power and are stranded without heat and their pipes freeze and it's sad for them but another guy gets to ride his snowmobile all over town and has the time of his life. We must help those in need but remember the people who lost their homes will get new homes and they'll have stories to tell their grand children and these times of hardship become a bragging point or a badge of honor that they proudly wear. To say that we have to be solemn about a storm because some people suffered and a few died is like saying don't be happy about your new car because people have died in car accidents. The fact is most people lived through the storm and it could have been worse so marvel at what mother nature has done and lend a helping hand if you can but be happy that everything will get better and this storm will be a part of history.  And take some pictures to show your grandchildren.',1
'Never got a job from a poor person, or poor corporation!',1
'The goal of unions is to get the most money and benefits for the least amount of work.  And the  fat cat union bosses get millions.',1
'What an idiot. So, are there really 48% of americans so stupid that they would even consider voting for this nutcase??',1
'Actually I think William has a point here. This article is little more than an editorial and has no hard evidence of anything. In fact, for all we are told hersheys could be buy cocoa from sources that do not use slave labor but have not submitted to the costly process of getting certified.  And yes the processing plants have to pay for the expensive studies conducted to be certified.',1
'To funny as Chris Christie is being interviewed by fox. The question was asked would you allow Romney to tour NJ with you. Just before Christie could answer you could see just under Christie the announcement that Romney would be touring Sandy with Christie.  \r\n  \r\nThe funny part is Christe answered by saying  \r\nI have no idea, nor am I the least bit concerned or interested,” he said. “I’ve got a job to do here in New Jersey that’s much bigger than Presidential politics, and I could care less about any of that stuff.”',1
'The show was great, but I miss good country music.  Hooray for Toby FINALLY!',1
'The disparity of 'gentlemen' or men who are flexible or 'desirable' men in many situations is what causes women to 'marry down' in some countries in Latin America, according to successful and educated women I have met there. Here- it seems to be swinging in the same direction for similar reasons. Unfortunately, women who are more educated do often have more stable finances and thus more 'choices' of acceptable criteria for suitors. Unfortunately for myself and at least one law professor I read about --- there are con men who build stories to land their 'sugarmom' --- my ex(husband) even explicitly stated to me in one of my final confrontations with him years ago (exact words): "you women sat on your asses for centuries and its our (men's) turn now".  That's after I let my rose colored glasses off and finally was able to prove how much he lied, forged documents and used up any earnings I had made. Oh yes-- he ONLY marries up and has again....',1
'Everyone should be in the Union.That is where our standard of living came from. Unions raise the standards of living for all both union and non union alike. Right to work states are really right to work for less states.',1
'Where do you live that you get to schedule your own court date??',1
'How nice!  Two racists in a pod.  snarc snarc....',1
'comittment, comprimise, and forgiveness',1
'I did not see Maru, but Shishi is adorable. Love those Paws!',1
'And you say you're not bitter?  Wow. \r\n  \r\nBy the way, how did I lie about Dave Ramsey when I said that I DIDN'T CONTACT HIM?  Are you saying that I did contact him, but won't tell you about it?   \r\n  \r\nEnjoy your empty, shallow life.',1
'Keeps the feet warm.',1
'Well at least he has all of those cool tattoo's. That should help get a job bagging groceries.',1
'Jeez, could they not find one person at their school that could snap a football?',1
'That back woods yahoo strings electrical cable in his backwoods state and they have power and NY & NJ do not.  I think your are the ignorat one sir.',1
'I love all cats',1
'Why didn't your kids pay for your meal on Mothers Day?   \r\n  \r\nYou said "My kids took me out to eat on Mothers Day" and went on to say you and your hubby paid your own bill.  Next year, 'just say no' and stay home.  You have more to worry about than $10.',1
'Once I got a ticket for using my cellphone while driving when I wasn't doing anything of the kind.(My phone was in my purse but he swore up and down that he saw me holding it! Well, I don't mind getting a ticket if I've actually done something but I'll be danmed if I'll just meekly pay a fine because some cop was tripping! I contested it and even though the cop did show up the judge dismissed it. So always fight it if you think you're being treated unfairly. At the very least you'll have the satisfaction of knowing you fought for your rights.',1
'NEED ALL THE HELP THEY CAN GET THEY BETTER HOPE PEOPLE FROM OUT THERE DON'T HEAR ABOUT THIS. YOU CAN BET THEY WILL UNION THERE ****. 3 WAYS FROM SUNDAY.........',1
'Elmo,\r\nRight.  Benghazi proves that the current administration is not only willing to spend other people's money to get votes, but is also willing to spend other people's lives for re-election.',0
'"Yeah, New York & New Jersey are wiped out and people are beginning to find out how I let the Libyan ambassador & those Navy Seals get killed without sending them any help, but screw it, ya' know? I'm the friggin' president and I have everything I need... who cares?"',1
'Itelephono',1
'I hope one day you lose your job and the only job available to you is serving people food. See what it feels like to earn like $3.00 an hour and then try to live on that. Your an idiot',1
'plainjaney, you sound bitter! Don't like men?',1
'Hug-related injuries? What is a hug-related injury?',1
'It's a symbolic message to the initiated or awakened ones about how a certain race of people (notice she has red hair) that are in control, can cause death, destruction and chaos in the world... the end justifies the means.\r\n\r\nEver notice that in many movies when the antagonist is a woman, she has red hair or is wearing red or purple. I've been researching this for many years... it's time draw that curtain back and start seeing things for what they really are!',1
'It's called 'sense of humour'.  Look it up on wikipedia.',1
'Yes. The Bible gives great advice on how to live life.',1
'Stupid Europeans bought that swamp land from an Indian con man.. I think those beads and trinkets had the Indian tribe laughing for years about how they ripped the white man off..',1
'the thunder woman .. great idea',1
'Lot's of grammar Nazis on here....make sure that when you are consoling someone who has no grammar skills be sure to use these words.............th  ​ ere, their, they're...everything  ​  going to all right you poor baby',0
'stone fish',1
'Kelso bought to Malibu.  He was a talentless jerk then and is a talentless jerk now.',1
'I must be behind...who are these cats and why are they celebrities?',1
'LOL Corey yea, he sure does remind a lot of us of Robbie.....good call!!!',1
'But the "Liberal" Media won't cover the benghazi story. If this happend under Bush that's all they would be reporting on. And they wonder why nobody is buying their newspapers any more. Frauds all of them!!',1
'I've never seen that look before.\r\n \r\n-Michelle',1
'57% of women go to college in the US.  Where does that leave men?  Seems we need to get our act together.  Its a technical world now and college is a must for kids and adults to compete and find jobs.  It has nothing to do with marrage failing or workng..if my wife made more thanme it would be awesome :)',1
'Ed, so you are either a scientist or a Republican. I guess Republican.',1
'He-- NO.  How stupid can people get?',1
'Antagonizer, I guess that makes you twice as pathetic for continuing to read and comment on them.  You live in Western Washington?  Come kick my cat and see what happens.',1
'While I admire the man for what he did, it wasn't his place.  Concealed carry is STRICTLY meant for protecting yourself and those around you.  Following the robber out to the parking lot after the robbery isn't self-defense.  Policing should be left to the police.',1
'I think the host should just be Mario, the Kardashians are so over, they all are talent free! And she is dressing like a hooker, no surprise there!',1
'LOL are you ignorant or just stupid about kids?  For one we don't even have cable in my household so my child is not exposed to any of that BS.  For second we do not talk about politics when my children are around, that is grown-up conversation and most smart kids leave the room when the conversation turns boring.  My son was scared of the mask because it was foolish wish big ears and a hideous grin it barely resembled Obama at all.  What I said I said as a joke....only someone ignorant would take it as anything but!     BTW how are our children supposed to form opinions of there own if we do not share our own?  My child is four and four year old children can be scared of silly things!',1
'she's right and lets make obama ambassador to lybia',0
'Tip: Don't waste time reporting this garbage.',1
'That is not what the majority of climate scientists think is going to happen.',1
'country fan...try a spoonful of sugar. Maybe it can sweeten you disposition.',1
'Of course companies deny the workers. As soon as a nonunion person shows up to work, and is allowed to work, a union employee files a grievance and the nonunion employee is asked by the company to leave because they can't afford the legal fight.',1
'Is there a good lifetime movie?',1
'sorry,\r\nbut as my screen name even says,\r\ni have worked all my life,\r\nnever went around criticizing others over the pathetic issues.',1
'It is hard if a woman is attractive and has a low cut top on, to keep the eyes focused where they are supposed to be. I can be thinking in my mind "They are just boobs, dont look, dont look, DONT LOOK...and then you look away for a split second and BAM! Right on the boobies! Damn, it is not like I have never seen a pair of boobs, but I take pride in the fact I dont ogle. If the woman is attractive, That makes it twice as hard to not look i mean she can have a great pair of boobs but if she is homely...not a problem. God men are pigs.',0
'If there's enough money in it, for sure...',1
'um there is a fight scene retards',1
'If she can afford $138.35 for a meal she can afford a tip!',1
'Hug-related injuries? What? How does that even happen?',1
'Uh huh...Way to over react...It's not as though this kid hacked into the turtle with a machete. Turtle shells have no nerves and was therefore unaffected. I'm sure the kid did not carve his initials into his dog or cat.\r\n\r\nUse your head moron...',1
'Mitt Romney's endorsement of Obama in the 3rd presidential debate convinced me to vote for Obama.',0
'Oh no, not at all!  I ♥ math actually... I'm in the process of earning my Bachelor's Degree in Applied Mathematics.  :)  It definitely takes a certain type of brain to love math.',1
'Wow you seem awful riled up Nap Town, take it easy ok? Just step away from the computer champ. Typing out all those words just to say how not upset you are? Obviously very upset.',1
'Where do you live where you can't make it as a white man?  I can understand in major metropolitan cities with a diverse hiring pool.\r\n \r\n I'm not saying you are wrong but your perspective does not, by default, negate any dissenting opinion especially if you've never been a minority. \r\n Has anyone told you to go back to your own country? \r\n Have you ever walked into a room full of a different minority and was treated/looked at differently?  Once?  Twice?  Ok but then step outside and realize a whole region was like that?',1
'The society we live in actuall sucks, a hug,come on you jackasses!',1
'I am not keen on either Obama or Romney.....but Obama has got to go.\r\nThe Social Democrats don;t seem to get it. If you are loosing money...STOP SPENDING.\r\nStop creating more government, stop making government responsible for the auto industry, mortgages, and the other " buy outs".....In a democrcacy-republic,  ​  using FREE Enterprise, you take the risk of failure.. When Teddy Roosevelt had BIG BUSINESS busted in the early 1900s because they were monopolies, they had to sell off their satellite businesses. The country did not tank, like it is now.\r\nEurope is a mess because they tried Socialism. IF you have any business associates over there or relatives,,...ask them..... How good is their FREE medicine?...Not too good as it takes an income tax of 50% and VAT taxes to sustain it and other Socialistic programs.\r\nThe Obama administration has robbed our treasury to enrich them selves. Read " Throw Them All Out" an investigative book that describes the $20 million Nancy Pelosi made from her Visa stock while pushing thru bills that favored Visa, and Harry Reid who made a fortune in RE while pushing RE laws. The topper is the $14 billion that Dept of Energy Obama Appointees gave out to Obama campaign contributors. Many of them have declared bankruptcy after having received loans and grants that do not have to be repaid.\r\nI must fault the Republicans, too... We had 12 years of Bush presidents. If there were not in the oil business, they might have worked harder to get us off of foreign oil and more into renewable s. It can be done. Read " Energy Victory" a plan to get us off of foreign oil.\r\nFinally companies are stepping up to the plate and launching commercial space ventures that will actually MAKE money and not be boondoggles like the " retired" Space Shuttle and the now over budget and under achieving International Space Station......\r\nRead "The Case for Mars"....a cost effective, intelligent way to get off this planet and to the only planet in the solar system that can save us when cataclysms come to earth...End of world is not the only reasons to go to space...we can make Billions mining the asteroids and in space tourism...see Spacex and Virgin Galactic.....don't; depend on gov't depend on FREE ENTERPRISE..',1
'everyone on stanton inland needs to let all the runners come in to run . they need to go to the bridge and block the way out end of  run',1
'Perhaps they don’t want to be tried by the government for negligence?  If it’s not ready, it’s not ready.  Pretty simple concept really.',1
'These comments are awesome........I just had a wonderful laugh to start my day......Thank you!',1
'said the man that hasn't worked a day in his life and wonders why he isn't "lucky" like those "rich" people....',1
'Was in a restaurant- luckily a buffet. He came by- gave us a drink, and we never saw him again. Needless to say no reason to tip an invisible person (We put used dishes on another table and got our own drinks)',1
'Chicago is talking about bringing in a tax on firearm sales. Where is Obama from? Do your research.',1
'Ugh, he's a terrible human being. Go away already.',0
'They all want to be like Harry Potter because it was successful like that and I think the fans appreciate more accuracy with the book. I personally think they should split all the films. 100% of the time it's book> movie',1
'Because you've never heard of something, doesn't mean other people wouldn't care. Get a grip.',1
'I would punch them in the face...hands down no questions asked...I would be very upset',1
'Just tell them that kissing gets you pregnant, and they will stay far away from each other.',1
'I love my Uggs! No they are not the most attractive shoes I own, but in the cold weather they are an absolute necessity! But with short shorts or a skirt...I agree hideous! They are a perfect example of function over form when worn properly. But they are way overpriced...a drop in price would allow more people to enjoy the warmth they provide!',1
'I have never been married but respect couples who have been committed to eachother as long as this couple has.. \r\n .',1
'This is common in all honesty. When extraordinary factor's are in effect it changes the psychology of people. I work as a consular in the mental health field and this is just a case where reason is suspended and poor impulse control is highly evident. Don't crucify an individual for this. More people do these thing's like this when their environment changes the way people normally act in a society. Case in point is the work that Philip Zimbardo did with his studies on evil. Where normal individuals became rather different when circumstances change.',1
'Ahh repulicans...always playing the fear and ignorance card!  Their message is only accepted by the feeble minded!',0
'That's completely messed up.',1
'I think once again, MSN shows their lack of reporting skills, by posting yet another round of meaningless TRIPE.!!!',0
'No one is forced to keep an unsafe worker thus becoming a liability to everyone. That is bogus, if the lead or boss does their job right and documents facts then that employee does get a chance to "straighten" up or face job loss even in Unions...they can be sued just as easily as anyone else. Seniority does not always mean unsafe, does mean a longer term and sometimes older employee, but we can't age discriminate...that'  ​ s a government rule, if the person works for a long period, advancement is a benefit according to the knowledge and expertise put forward, it does or should not ever give anyone the right to remain and be unsafe. I applaud new younger workers into our workforce..they usually are brilliant, better educated simply because of the current eductation system and should by all means advance to equal or surpassed status provided effort and expertise are proven, and by all means in my field they will always surpass us older employees, we harbor no hard feelings because someone can think faster, or move quicker than an aged person, we will all take our turns in that aged arena, just wait your turn.',1
'Just because someone has tons of money does not mean having a miscarriage and breast cancer hurts any less!  Just because she makes a ton of money doesn't mean she should give up her career and stay in the kitchen!  She probably spends just as much time as with her child as "regular" people do when their children are in daycare.  Her and Bill just have the means to bring the daycare into their home.  People accuse her of being jealous of these pregnant 16 year olds, it sounds like you complaining are jealous of what she has!  Jeesh!',1
'used to be 10% then 15% now many say it should be 20%. I think I will stay home.',1
'Just curious... what is going through your mind when you are typing something like this?  Are you sitting at your computer saying to yourself "He he he, I'm going to type something mean,  disrespectful, and downright unnecessary?"  Just trying to wrap my head around it.  Please don't reproduce, there are too many worthless a**holes like yourself, the world needs to gather people like you and place you in a special home for inconsiderate idiots so normal (respectful!) people don't have to look, see, or hear you.',1
'Think I might just mix me one(or another) and watch the telly......Ciao.\r\n \r\nGonna let someone else go for 600, LoM. (edited)',1
'Anyone that thinks Senate in 2007 had any control is lacks real education.\r\n \r\nCongress/BUSH gave you the worst collapse since the 1930s and you wanted a miracle in 2009??? Wow, talk about brainwashed puppets.',1
'She was there, it showed her in the ending, although they weren't really acknowledging each other.',1
'So is "volunteer" to clean up sandy Nit-Witt-Mitts answer to getting rid of FEMA, as he wants to do?????',0
'Since you are SO positive about quarantining animals (apparently YOU wrote the book on it!).  Here is the excerpt from the local news station from where this occurred:\r\n\r\n "It was hard for Matt when Zion was quarantined last week, after jumping on a pizza delivery driver. \r\n "The lady didn't want to press charges, it wasn't anything serious, but the law has a 10-day quarantine period," he says.\r\n Because Zion was a month past due on his yearly rabies vaccine, he was held for the full 10 days at McKamey Animal Center. "\r\n\r\nI have made my point. \r\n\r\nhttp://www.wrcbtv.co  ​ m/story/19981917/onl  ​ y-on-3-local-shelter  ​ -mistakenly-euthaniz  ​ es-family-pet?client  ​ type=printable',1
'I think anybody that lets a cartoon tell them what to do is in some serious need of help. And anybody that actualy votes for Robme and Lyan Ryan-well.........',1
'You can blame yourself if things dont get better. doing the same thing over and over and expecting a differnt result just proves one thing.  LMAO',1
'I've actually come close to "losing it" after waiting in a line for nearly an hour. I got lucky, though. The man about 2 people ahead of me went ballistic. After that fiasco, I took a deep breath and CALMLY waited until it was my turn. Somebody else took my rage away by being way worse than I could ever be. Problem solved.',1
'ANY NEW YORKER HELPING IN CLEAN , REMEMBER ONLY 16 OZ OF SODA  ANY MORE AND BLOOMBERG SAID ITS NOT GOOD FOR YOU',1
'That's awesome.  I hope Mexico wins this.  Crapple is sue happy and it's so nice to have the tables turned on them.',1
'LMAO......really?  That's the best you got?',1
'Wow... do you really think that??  Your comparing a police officer and a waitress?  One voluntarily goes to a restaurant to eat because one wants food... I hope nobody wants a ticket from the police.  If you are too cheap to not tip, then get it to go.  Obviously... you are too cheap and must be too stupid to realize the difference.',1
'There was no Electioneering on that t-shirt, you people are nuts....one man one vote\r\n \r\nSlave owner pictures adorn your currency and that Okay, insulting millions everyday....\r\n \r\nVote the bible dose not support either, one man say Blacks have no soul and another say lets get on between man on man....both are devils.',1
'We all have a right to feel what we do, but in the interim I hope the mother has enough use of her senses to file for child support.  Ugly or not it is still his daughter and she did not ask to be born.  The mother did not conceive her alone and therefore she should not be accountable to care for the upbringing of this child alone.  The father must also not have heard that when children are sometimes born ugly, they most times grow up to be beautiful, so if he thinks hes is such an admirable and eye catching individual then he should have given the baby an opportunity to grow into the beauty that he feels he cosmetically has.  But none the less it displays the depth of his thinking, and probably the depth of his beauty.  It's only skin deep!!!!! May God Bless this mother and baby, and with lot's of child support.  When this child grows to be beautiful as she probably will, the mother should pray that God takes over and show this dad how to appreciate being a DAD.   Lot's of Love for this CHILD and MOM',1
'The REAL reason small business does not hire is because of lack of demand due to low consumer confidence-- up to now anyway.  Uncertainty via Omabacare and the Fiscal cliff hasn't got a DAMNED thing to do with it. Ditto for Big Business. They don't hire because they are making a huge profit with the workforce they have so why fix  something that ain't broke by hiring if you are fine with where you are and things are humming along',1
'I think Obama and the fringies should not allow anyone under 26 to work.  That way their habits and their litters of children mindsets would be forged by age 30 and everyone could just live on the government.  The money for this would come from just piling it on the debt, which doesn't cost anyone anything and is just free money.',1
'Terrorists started the Afganistan war in New York and nearly all of Congress and the Country was behind Bush.  He kept us and all of our Embassies safe.  Afganistan was stable when he left office and now it is being overtaken with terrorists again.  More soldiers have died in 4 years of Obama than 8 years of Bush.   \r\n    With Iraq, how can you dismiss that Bush went before Congress first and authorized it?  How can you dismiss that U.S. Intelligence and many other Countries' intelligence said they believed Hussein had wmds and that he was a threat to other countries?   Doesn't it matter that Hillary and others in Congress including Democrats and Republicans believed Hussein had wmds?   Doesn't it matter that we know today that Hussein had murdered at least a million of his people?',1
'Obama and Congress are not subject to Obamacare. They get "something different!" Talk about the ultimate "Union Perk!" GM gets a Cadillac HC plan that YOU, the TAXPAYER paid for, and you're stuck with Obamacare!\r\n \r\nGM gets 70% of teir last years pension, PLUS social security; and you, the TAXPAYER WHO SUBSEDIZED GM, might get a 401k, or social security. Then again; "maybe not!"\r\n \r\nObama has done NOTHING for Middle America, only for the Middle-Man; "The Unions!!"',1
'And you have NO IDEA what country music is all about. Go back to your crappy pop/rock and stay out of music you don't understand.',1
'I have several friend without children. They're great people and are perfectly happy. They haven't wasted their lives, not at all. Besides, a woman can have imperfections and still be beautiful. I know I am not perfect, so what?',0
'My girlfriend works at a resturant as a server.. the only way she makes money is off of tips, and I dont think a lot of people realise that. She gets paid 4.00$ per hour without tips which is a gallon of gas per hour. SO TIP WELL PLEASE!',1
'I have wavy hair unfortunately for me it is waving goodbye. So I wish I had hair enough to try it.',1
'Let us know how he does! The clinic I worked many years for had a cat come in that was twenty-one years old! He was still going strong when I left on maternity leave. :) Best of luck to both of you!!',0
'Same old sh8t different day  haters gonna hate  doesn't faze me in the least, all you MoFo kiss my entire a$$ Seeya  doesn't pay to be ya !!',1
'I don't know what's better about new. Some people maybe so last year, but they are true performers and artists that have stood the test of time. Taylor Swift? Come on. I can hardly wait for the day she disappears from public consciousness. That poor skinny thing can't even carry a tune. She and her fans are empty sieves of musical taste and performance. New is better. I doubt it.',1
'Boy, that ROVE money is lighting up the board here today folks!\r\nDo you guys get paid by the post or by the word??',1
'haters gona hate....loved the show..get off Taylor underwood and the rest...grow up and embrace change and as far as blown away listen to the lyrics its about abuse people and if you listen it will bring you to tears...long live country!!!!',1
'The ACLU is not a labor union which is the union of discussion in this thread. Ignorant comparison.',1
'yakkks!!! my chimpanzee is prettier than this fat **** bitch!!',1
'isn't "god-awful Lifetime movie" redundant?',1
'what WILL you do with yourself once the election is over',1
'Can't image how someone would defend voting no to puppy mills.',1
'Get a different job.',1
'OH BROTHER! \r\n  \r\n(and you're exaggerating, too . . . it was Monday evening to Thursday evening . . . 3 days!)',1
'I'm sexy and I know it.',1
'Well Mitt can't communicate or relate, so what does that say? He shows no compassion what-so-ever. He can't even act as if he's showing either and you want to know why? He has NO SOUL!! Mitt Romney will always care only about MITT ROMNEY, the spoiled brat who grew up wanting to be President of the United States!!',1
'HOW THE F_UCK CAN YOU COMPARE CLEAING UP A FOOTBALL FIELD TO THE DEVASTATION LEFT BY SANDY AND KATRINA?   WHAT A FRIGGIN  MO-MO!!!   bUT REALLY WHO CARES WHAT HE HAS TO SAY ABOUT THE CLEAN UP//// HE WANTED TO DO AWAY WITH FEMA !!!!',0
'Awesome games indeed, though with Tolkein, we probably wouldn't have had D&D. ;)',1
'The U.S. needs more unions.',1
'Yet they have no problem using fossil fuels. They're able to drive to their hate rallies because of ancient organic matter---plants and animals from millions of years ago which is the source of oil and petroleum products.',1
'Probably much the same. Good job done by the bank manager. More people with expertise and sense should be carrying guns, the lawless would think twice before trying to use guns or do stupid things.',1
'I'll stick with SmashBurger, or Culver's, they actually taste like a burger, but I've been eating a ton of chicken sandwiches for lunch lately; waffle fries too. Can't think of the name of the place. :)',1
'Which is what... inherit millions and use them evilly to undermine America? No thanks.',1
'How can you win  entertainer of the year when you have been sitting in a spinning chair on the voice instead of touring and entertaining?  NOT RIGHT!',1
'To be financially responsible is becoming an ever harder thing to do with the continued erosion of the median earning potential courtesy of ever more greedy elites who forever want to add another zero to their wealth. If one cannot generate a decent income, they are doomed to fail acquiring adequate wealth in their working lifetime and will be reliant on the mercy of the government safety nets. A return to feudal times with the loss of the middle class.',1
'They want free stuff!',1
'"Mexican Muslim"?\r\nLOL',1
'No. sorry as i am one of those dull teetotalers.  Yup.  Totally tea for me.  And a good thing as booze would interfere with my diabetes medication.  The people I have observed participating in liquor intake\r\ncertainly do not appear to be having any brilliant epiphanies.  Quite the opposite is true. Alas. If it were only that easy.  I doubt if Einstein was much of a drinker.  His wife, in answer to why their marriage was such a long lasting one is  quoted to have said, "I know how he likes his tea."',1
'"Stocks waver despite good jobs data"\r\n \r\n Holiday season is here, temp jobs abound. Unemployment went up, but it's a great jobs report. \r\n You think maybe people are beginning to wake up and see through the rosy bullchit in these headlines???',1
'In our city, the economy is so bad people cannot afford groceries, let along $100 Uggs',1
'biden nneds to be in prison for being so stupid.',1
'Americans have the latent effect of puritanism very deep in their culture. Example: europeans have much more acceptance of nudity in public.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'yes, exactly!!',1
'No.....Halloween should be enjoyed by everyone...........e  ​ xcept MORONS!!! And Dabney..is not only a MORON.....he shames the uniform,Marines,and vets by his HORRIBLE behavior. It doesn't MATTER if Priotti is a vet,or not. First...you don't just HIT people............ev  ​ er. Second.....you DON'T hit a paralyzed man in a wheelchair. And THIRD.....you BEHAVE in a manner to represent your Marine training,code,ethics  ​  and station!!!! SHAME ON YOU,CHRISTOPHER DABNEY....SHAME ..ON..YOU!!!',1
'sorry, but this puts my mind in the gutter, haha!',1
'He always says what he means, right!',1
'Look at me. I'm drunk like Bush and it's his fault.',1
'Made in China? I thought they were made in Australia!? I have purchased 2 pairs and I LOVE them, SUPER warm and SO comfortable. I lived in my last pair and they are the one's I take when I travel. I wear them with mini skirts, jeans, leggings...just awesome. I am sad to hear that I am paying $$ for a pair made in China, they probably cost the company NOTHING to make and they probably paid the Chinese workers nothing. Sad.',1
'"Yes, as a matter of fact I am a gay muslim!"',0
'18 years, got married at 18 to the best lady on the face of the earth... sorry guys, you have to settle for 2nd best...',1
'Voting for Obama is like Begging for Armageddon.',0
'@ DANIEL COWARD..... \r\n  \r\nwhens OH'bummer going to show his true birth place \r\nwhen is he going to show us his fraudulent school transcript \r\nwhen will he start enforcing the law's he pledged to do........lets start by deporting his ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT AUNT/ UNCLES........',0
'Obama and Obinden don't like these boots and have committed a war against them to get even with Romey for caring so much for China; and the fact that they don't know how to put on these boots.',1
'I cannot believe some people are wondering it was done on purpose,or a mistake!! He answered the door,and put packets of cocaine in their holloween bags. Give me a break-he knew waht he was doing! For the reporter that said drug usage was delayed a few years-shame on you! Not everyone is on drugs,nor do they even try drugs. Thumbs up to the parents who turned this in! They did what they were supposed to do!',1
'More drivel from the cat lady. This rat should have his neck snapped!',1
'NOTHING is FREE. We pay for every part of it. Actually, we probably pay for stuff that we never get the chance to use.\r\n\r\nFREE? False advertising. It is all hidden in the cost of other products.',1
'- 10',1
'I never really had a beer until I went to the Czech Republic and had a Czech beer.   WOW!  Now that is a beer.',1
'Dr. Stu Ostro's warnings, which were uniquely based on his discovery of high pressure blocks that caused Sandy to turn Westerly twice, rather than east out to sea, convinced and led NY and NJ Authorities to evacuate and SAVED A LOT OF LIVES.  Stuart Ostro was ABSOLUTELY CORRECT.\r\n\r\nIn point of fact Sandy is going to cost in excess of $20 Billion over time, as it clearly wiped away most of the Jersey and Queens/Long Island and Staten Island Seashore Communities.',1
'Yes. Some are hot.',1
'some of the comments defending puppy mills are just terrible.\r\n\r\ni've seen puppy mill raids where the dogs had mats so bad, the skin beneath them was decaying and maggot infested. but that's okay because people are making a living off of it? people make livings off human trafficking and sex trade too; don't even give me the bs that i'm "comparing humans to animals" blahblah. humans and dogs are mammals. if you can find me a mammal that isn't a sentient being, i'd be really surprised.\r\n\r\nif you want to breed dogs for a living, do it responsibly -- get health checks and screenings for all the dogs regularly, screen the people who are buying them, spay/neuter contracts, etc. don't just put fifteen dogs in one cage for their entire lives and have them crank out litter after litter.',1
'Why are surfers not smart enough to surf with a "divers knife"?\r\n\r\nAll animals understand a fang against a fang situation.',1
'I think the way Bloomberg worded it was incorrect.  I think if we say that global warming increased the probability of this disaster happening it would be better than (a) saying it was caused by it--asking for trouble-- and (b) using the word stupid (I know about the political reference)\r\n \r\nUnfortunately the problem is that we are applying a fallacy when we make these types of claims because without hard data we are basically saying coorelation implies causality.  \r\n \r\nI think informed people should present the issues better to get the common person to think better.  Frame our questions so that it encourages thought rather than bring out biases and emotion.  As Jane Goodall said, "We didn't inherit the world from our parents, we borrow it from our children, but it seems we have been stealing it from them.',1
'Bad Karma',1
'They need to rename the show --it is no longer country music awards!!',1
'Akita,  You might be thinking of the Iraq war when you say Bush lied to start that war.  Doesn't it matter though that Bush went before Congress first and authorized it?  Doesn't it matter that U.S. Intelligence and many other Countries' intelligence said they believed Hussein had wmds and that he was a threat to other countries?   Doesn't it matter that Hillary and others in Congress including Democrats and Republicans believed Hussein had wmds?   Doesn't it matter that we know today that Hussein had murdered at least a million of his people?   I can't speak about anyone motives for doing something but it doesn't matter to me at all if Bush's motivation was related to anything having to do with his Dad.',1
'This was a comment from 2008. Romney has the NRA's endorsement.',1
'wow i think you two need some education, and some anger management-peace to you and blessed be',1
'Tasteless and SAD!   Making light of a tragedy.',1
'Unscrupulous car dealers! I am shocked!',1
'"Native American communities nationwide are working hard to tap about 3 million Native American voters, hoping to turn around low voter participation that has persisted in Indian Country for decades. The push is being headed by the National Congress of American Indians, the largest group representing Native Americans, which calls low turnout a "civic emergency" — fueled by everything from language barriers and vast distances between polling places to high unemployment and poverty."\r\n--------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ -\r\n \r\nUH OH..... MORE BROWN PEOPLE..............  ​ ...',1
'Zap the little S.O.B again. Zap Zap Zap Zap Zap Zap Zap!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ​ HAHAHA!!!!',0
'Yes, Hershey is exploiting children for their corporate bottom line. What did you not understand about this article? Were you confused by the facts? And, BTW, I'm sure glad you can eat your chocolate guilt free.',1
'It just shows you how some people my look good on the outside, but are pure stupid on the inside. Have no class or compassion for anyone the only word they know is me.  Hopefully she will not get any jobs after this.  And as the old saying goes, What goes around comes around.  Stupid is as Stupid does.',1
'sorry kid.',1
'If you take it literal: Mitts an idiot, of course cleaning up after a hurricane isnt the same as cleaning up after a high school football game\r\n \r\n If you translate the simple message: A devastating event has taken place which affected many people. If everyone comes together, form a plan, and act on that plan. Together the destruction can be fixed and peoples lives restored. \r\n Reading this articles heading, I thought his speech was going to be a disaster...it wasn't...its a hopeful analogy.',1
'no one will hire you even youre the last person on earth! fat ****',1
'Latest Presidential Polls: Obama Leads Romney By 77 Points in a Global Poll of World Voters  \r\n  \r\n  \r\nThe World Could Vote is a website  that measures global opinion based on user-generated voting patterns that are then processed and presented in graphical form. Several interesting details come out: Mitt Romney has support outside of Pakistan, and if the world were rational, Ron Paul would be the GOP candidate (granted, I’m still in love with Paul’s foreign policy). \r\nThe site’s poll for the current election opened in the middle of August, and so far, 4,234 people from 102 countries have voted. President Obama collects 3,757 votes, or 88.73% and Romney 477 votes, or 11,27%.',1
'Jeff-R   Whikle the east coast is falling apart,  --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------- Don't worry.... All those can goods Romney sent will show up any day now!',1
'Here we are, held hostahe by GM unions who are still paying the Cadillac health care & gold-plated UNION pensions for their retirees (both past & present), that YOU, the taxpayers are subsidizing!!\r\n \r\nWe don't get that!  We get Obamacare, and 401k - "NO GUARANTEES!!"\r\n \r\nOh, BTW; you do know Obama exempted congress and himself from Obamacare, don't you!?!',1
'and the dog poop is smarter than you are, mr KKK.',1
'Shot. There USED to be a reward in Texas of $5000 for any dead bank robber; nothing for a live one. When my dad was a kid, there was a lawyer whose office overlooked the bank from across the street. He kept a loaded 30-30 next to the window.  I understand the reward has been discontinued. It was offered by the banking assossiation.',1
'Another day, another trillion dollars',1
'This is why I stick to ganja...',1
'Looks like fun',1
'KOO reply's......but why would they vote OH'bummer out, i just don't get it!',0
'Only if you pay attention to the negative campaign ads.  Try doing some research.',1
'I sure did...however, that has what, if anything, to do with Staten Island?',1
'Union trash thugs.',1
'Because it wasn't "intelligently designed'?',1
'I love to hear more "facts" about this situation you "know" of because generally the basic trades, electrical, painters, plumbers, etc. are divided by trade and geography not by commercial or residential ... story sounds a bit contrived .. "I know a guy"',1
'thanks for the sour kush snoop dogg',1
'I've been on the giving, rather than the receiving end and I hope the kids will always remember me when they think of Halloween. Let's see.. Last year I offered the kids mashed potatoes. I had gravy and chives and bacon crumbles and sour cream to go with it, but no bowls. The kids would come up to where I had my table set up, just outside my garage door. \r\n"Trick-orTreat!" \r\nI would whip the throw-blanket off the large red pot, revealing my 'treat'. Holding up my ladle, I would ask "Who wants Mashed Potatoes?! Hold out your hands!" The shocked looks on the kids faces was priceless. (Of course I had candy for the kids who were mashed potato intolerant.) \r\n\r\nTwo years ago I gave out big old dill pickles from a jar. Than there was the year I offered the kids canned veggies. (I actually had one boy, a scout, who wanted my canned corn for his food drive; and I had one little girl who wanted my can of cat-food for her pet.) \r\n\r\nIn most years, the kids all want candy instead; except for the year I handed out "Magic Wishing Rocks" -lumps of crushed marble from my landscaping. I told them; you hold the rock in your hands and say, "I WISH I had a piece of candy instead of this stupid rock!" Most of the kids went for the rocks that year, but I made sure they really wanted the rocks because I didn't want any 'returns' in the middle of the night. There were none, and in following years I've had kids tell me they still have their 'wishing rock.'\r\n\r\nThis year I have moved into an apartment complex and didn't do Halloween. But if I had, I would have offered the kids scoops of ice cream in their treat bags, with chocolate syrup and whipped cream. (Again, no bowls or cones or anything like that.) It would have been fun to watch their little gears spin as they tried to wrap their minds around the logistical problems of accepting my 'treat'. \r\n\r\nHalloween is all about the treats, but let's not forget about the TRICKS! I believe in the tricks. But giving cocaine to children is just fugged up! I hope they lock that guy away for a good long time and never let him near children again.\r\n-Science_1',1
'Since there are issues with naming who gets the IRA on the IRA are there similar consequences with naming that same person in your will? What are the pro and con issues with each option. And why the crazy rules anyway. The wealthy have all kinds of ways to pass through untaxed assets but Joe Sixpack can't do the same thing with his 401-k. Time to level the playing field.',1
'Who says God doesn't have a sense of humor???    LOL        And who says God answered his prayers???  Maybe it was the WIFE'S  prayers that were honored and heard by God.',1
'that's hilarious, and even funnier as he's a black dude. now we get to see if those racist costume complaints are good for the goose as well as the gander, eh.',1
'It takes approx 350,000 jobs/month just to keep up with people entering the job market. I'd ask who are these people trying to kid, but we already know.........don't we.',1
'Why roll back the clock to the Fifties, Nads?\r\nWhy not go all the way back to the Eighteen Fifties....Yippy!',1
'For now, I can do without the zest or the furious! Too young. Maybe someone will remind me when I turn 55! hahe',1
'SHE GAVE ME SOME NUDE PICS OF HERSELF  DOES ANYONE WANT TO SEE THEM',0
'Obama g',1
'What asylum did he get out of ?  All I hear lately  out of mr. potty mouth is vile, dirty,sexual with many innuendoes..  Maybe if he tells enough lies etc., they might be true!\r\n \r\nSomething is seriously wrong with Biden...',1
'I'm getting a robo-call to vote',1
'I think it is good that it landed on him, and he survived, than that it landed on some small child and killed him/her.  While the church is clearly liable if the cross turns out to have been a hazard, I think the church should be pleased that he did, quite likely, save someone else's life. Can you imagine the lawsuit if some little child had been brought in to be prayed over, and the little old granny had leaned on the cross and tipped it onto the child?  Yes, the church should be glad that he survived and should settle with him quickly for the cost of his medical care.',1
'Who gives thumbs down to this?????  I guess you advocate puppy mills.  Must be one of the greedy a-holes who don't care how animals are treated as long as you make your buck.  Special place in hell for you!  Perhaps a puppy mill!',1
'The server's personal life is not the fault of the paying customer. Although my occupation is not in the food industry, I do know that if my attitude hinders my performance, it's my neck.',1
'Ahhhhh, The Mother Teaship has informed me that Victory is at hand.  \r\n  \r\nJust a few more days and I can rub salt into the wounds of leftie socialist commie libturds.....ahhh, the sweet smell of napalm on Nov. 7.....yuk yuk.',0
'@Laurel: Don't mind inbred hitler. He's just acting out his own personal fantasies. See, he actually REALLY, REALLY loves President Obama and doesn't know how to deal with it. So, he's projecting.',1
'Caption:   Romney said what??   I told you Mitt is a twit.',1
'Can't he fall back on his degree in basket weaving?',1
'I certainly would like to give you a break, Minnie Mouse.',1
'Stay safe Moxie! : /',0
'I think sweet George said it all when he sang " Murder on Music Row"! I will be the first to say that yes music has changed and there is alot of great talent out there, BUT with that said, most of it, IS NOT COUNTRY!  I do think this show, along with so many other things, have become so political. So much so, that it's almost impossible to enjoy watching it. I've heard so many people bash Tim & Faith? Yet in another breath, we are crrying about losing country music. In their defense, not that they need it, is there anything wrong with wanting to stay healthy? How many women do you know her age who can do a full back bend while performing and never miss a note? Heck, I don't know too many young people who can... Faith hasn't performed in over 7 years! Cut the woman some slack! She's beautiful and along with so many women, I'm sure would like to hold onto some youth. And Tim....simple...How many men his age are holding it all together and still look that good. At the end of the day, they are both human. The world has become so critical. and Really? Willie needs to retire? Yet again....perfect example of a catch 22 ....Do you want country or not? We cry that we've lost country music, yet in another breath, we are trying to push the people who gave true meaning to country music out! WTH!?',0
'there is no sense in warning people of the dangers of keeping nekid pics on their phones. the idiots will still do it regardless.',1
'Unions have "work-ruled" their people out of jobs, and sent it all over to China & India.  Don't ever forget why many manufacturer's fold.  They do so by out-of-control unions, holding the company hostage, and ya know what; "they call their bluff!!"\r\n \r\nJust ask Pan Am, Eastern Airlines, TWA, and a host of other "name brands" that aren't any longer.....  And Obama is right in bed with them!!!\r\n \r\nReal Recovery - 2012 - Romney/Ryan!!',0
'melt candy corn, mix with peanut butter, let it cool in the fridge as a block and then melt chocolate and pour that on top of the block.. ta da, homemade butterfingers.',1
'This is NUTS! Why cant you give punishment to kids that are truly doing something wrong?',1
'When I lived in upstate NY (Saugerties area), about two or three times a season, local police and highway patrol would pull over a dozen or so drivers all at once, issue them speeding tickets (whether they were actually speeding or not), and for those drivers who went into court (and the vast majority did to plead their innocense), the judge would drop their case and charge a $10 to $20 surcharge, payable to the clerk upon leaving the courthouse. They racked lots of revenue that way, and it was nothing shy of mob style corruption. So don't tell me that all ticketing police and their courts in all towns throughout the states are good honest law-abiding outfits. There are several factions of corruption in many states, my upstate NY experience is my only one to make this judgement with.',1
'HAHA!',1
'It's the government, its what they do. they tax and spend our money on useless programs that benefit a few. Back in 1776 we fought a war with England about over taxing and won and we won the next one in 1812. Our forefathers put the second amendment, the right to bear arms in the Constitution so that if the government gets out of hand and think they can ride rough shod over the American public we would have a means to overthrow a corrupt government. Unfortunely a large part of the public is asleep and allowing this to happen or want a socialistic government. I do not',1
'Huwhat? ;)',1
'I have President Obama wining the Electoral College   332 min ,    347 max  \r\n Poplar Vote    53 to 55%   President Obama....',1
'This is 2012.  Have you looked at the cost of teenage boy's clothes?  Or their technology?  There has been a big push to consumerize boys and girls.  I don't think that a similar study in 2012 would show a signficiant of a difference; however, both sexes would have more money spent on them. \r\n  \r\nPS.  I was much cheaper than my brother.  My car insurance was less.  I finished college in 4 years instead of 6 years because I had better grades.  I didn't own a car until I was 22 (in contrast to 17).',1
'knew a guy that sold marijuana out of a Whatta Burger he was manager of. man what a burger you got.',1
'lol you all are fkn stiffs',1
'I think each entry should include a location to authenticate the sign. Its more impressive when you know the signs are "real".',1
'You may not know it,but I've got this election in the bag!',1
'To you Anti-Union idiots, Can you not see what unions did for you through out the whole 20th century. Not only building this Nation to the best place to live on this earth, but also the highest standard of living anywhere. Since Pres. Reagen had a spiff with his actors guild union and wanted revenge, the repubs have been after unions ever since. If you cant see whats really going on you should move to some country where the king rules and your the peasent pleading for food and shelter. Its the people with the money, stock holders, CEOs, investers, and wall street that want to take your livelihood from you for the greedy bastards they are. It was unionized workers that built the companys to be as prosperous as they are Now . Those same companys want it all now and if you want a job they'll pay you what they pay in China or Mexico according to the Republicans New World Order. Wake Up and have the forsight to see whats comming your way when Wal Mart and Haliburton decides who your President will be. Stand up for Workers and unions who'll fight for your piece of the pie or be happy dumpster diving.',1
'yea i know but why',1
'A girlfriend of mine once claimed that I was the worst driver ever, because I  had recieved 5 tickets \r\nin since I started driving.(no accidents ever) \r\n  \r\n I asked her how many tickets she had recieved and she claimed only 1 parking ticket. (3 accidents) \r\n  \r\nI asked how many times she'd been pulled over in her life. She said,  "I can't remember for sure but at least 7 or 8 times, but I had only got warnings." \r\n  \r\n When she asked how many times I had been pulled over, I said... 5. \r\n  \r\nTrust me, your best chance of getting a warning instead of a ticket is, and I will quote her, "by having a very nice rack and a good attitude." \r\nSorry guys. \r\nI should have had her to define, "good attitude", but I was afraid to ask.',0
'Kirsty, their memories only go back to January of 2009.  except marc johnson who doesnt remember anything after being hatched.',1
'Bad service is the only reason not to tip, unless of course your homeless and only have enough for a cup of coffee but seriously $140 meal but no tip?',1
'"Contrary to what it seems you believe, although women's neurophysiology results in being perhaps being more expressive or "emotional" than men, more often than not, this does not get in the way of functioning in a career or relationship."\r\n \r\nPerhaps it doesn't get in the way of functioning in a career OR a relationship, however consider that functioning in a career AND a relationship is a different matter. How many men have been kicked to the curb when they couldn't handle both. Probably uncountable. And while some women and some men can handle both, that does not transfer to all of each gender. \r\n \r\nSomehow it seems that it may be you who is laboring under stereotypes and ignorance.',1
'SB...I believe you're correct...Why else would he use our president's face as his avitar?....He thinks by infusing a Hitler "stache" into the pic, he would throw us off...But we know who he loves:)',1
'$2.43 - $2.55 lowest South Florida Prices. \r\n    \r\nMy Area Prices -  \r\n  \r\nSorry for those of you not getting a break at all. Guess your areas are already in the bag for Obama or Romney! \r\n  \r\nObama/Biden 2012!!! \r\n  \r\nSorry for the polarizations...;-(',1
'Only in America. I was gonna spill hot coffee in my lap or put a roach in my Coke can but those were used already.\r\n \r\n-Yoselyn',1
'If you cant afford the tip you surely cant afford eatting out! Bet shes on foodstamps to.',1
'its a new day and age for country stars and singers guess i'm just old fashion and miss the old country songs. The new stuff is good and the stars are also very good but its not the country i grew up with and i miss that. as George Jones sang "Who's gonna take there place?" not sure the new stars are of that quality.',1
'real meaningful question!?',1
'As funny as a fart in a space suit.',0
'A mistake.  No reason to get so upset.',1
'EMPTY  \r\n SOURCE ON THE ROMNEY STORY ?????? \r\n OR ARE YOU THE SOURCE ???????       LOL',0
'Myth #3: Water is a worse GHG and so we don't have to worry about CO2.\r\n\r\nFACT:  Water is a worse GHG but we still have to worry about CO2.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.newscient  ​ ist.com/article/dn11  ​ 652-climate-myths-co  ​ 2-isnt-the-most-impo  ​ rtant-greenhouse-gas  ​ .html\r\n\r\nThe situation is a little complicated, but the essential fact is this:\r\nWater *cycles* through the atmosphere; CO2 persists. \r\n\r\nYES!  Some of that extra carbon that humans produce is taken up by plants.\r\nNO!    Not ALL of it is. \r\nhttp://earthobservat  ​ ory.nasa.gov/Feature  ​ s/CarbonCycle/page5.  ​ php',1
'so,not only first black president also first gay president,two big acomplishments thanx to you idiots',1
'The researchers were too busy trying find new evidence to support  "global warming" to get more government funds so that they can eventually find mass turtles graves.',1
'Yes, the FR-S is a good start, but as I have said before, another company offers the exact same car in a better package. \r\n  \r\nThe CR-Z is supposed to be a sporty hybrid.  Unfortunately it isn't sporty and it doesn't get very good fuel mileage. I give them credit for offering the manual, but that isn't enough.  I will give Honda credit for still offering a manual in a lot of their models.  If they ever figure out how to build a car that is fun to drive, I have confidence that the transmission will be the correct one. \r\n  \r\nI almost forgot, Toyota even killed the manual transmission IS.  They seem to be trying as hard as they can to not get my business.',1
'WoW Great job...',1
'Oh Romney does when he is done dismantling our us companies for his own profits we can import more from china to give our pepole lead poising and kill more of our pets. Wake up all the rebuplicans care about is there pockets and there rich friends they could careless about the working man for god sake we only have the work laws paid vacations and time in aa half pay due to unions fighting for there workers they got those rules for everyone and the rebulicans sit back andd say union workers are anti american wise up before it is to late in case you havent noticed corperate greed is at an all time more for the wealthy and screw the working man keep the in poverty yea so tell me how is the better party.',1
'Guess what else Liberals dont do,,,,,,,,help in time of crisis\r\nred cross,,,salvation army ,,,churches,,,,,all which comprise 98% republicans..\r\nLiberals are lazy pot smoking have sex with anything waste of air...\r\nI think Lib/dems should not be allowed to vote,,and republicans should be in charge of lib/dems in all capacities....',0
'To all of you trying to convince me that President Obama is wrong for this country....I tell you this, I will vote for Montgomery Burns before Mitt Romney....So you might as well stop trying to persuade me.',1
'HAH! I'm a double amputee! Don't need'em!',1
'sdsds',0
'Kia, Hyundia failed to mention MPG tests were conducted in following manner : \r\n *   Test track was all severely downhill *   Cars were put into neutral when reaching top of hill *   Interiors, spare tire, carpet, were all removed prior to testing *   Tire pressures inflated to 110 PSI *   All tests conducted with the wind *   Operation of test vehicle conducted electronically; saving additional weight *   Final figures were multiplied by 1.24',1
'Based on the comments here and the poll released a week ago or so, I think it's saying, " I know half of the American people now admit to being prejudiced, so why worry about trying to get you to vote for me?"',1
'Hope you all have a wonderful weekend! Thank you Nap & Maggie for taking up for me on my post this morning :) I read them all & it makes me feel good yall were there for me <3 Talk to ya Monday!',1
'every president does this.  they all bitch about it.  none fix it.  PLUS it's congress who control the spending.  did you vote out your own big spenders?',0
'Let's leave Willy and Nilly out of this.',1
'did it work?',1
'Like this one.',1
'he is trying to bring awarness to the problem. i am a survivor of domestic abuse and i applaud his actions. everytime someone sees him shaving his head they will think of domestic abuse.',1
'yea he has the winner...good choice Mr. Burns....thank god the country will get on the right path after the election again..',1
'The kid partook in an act that had been done to turtles traditionally for hundreds of years starting in England. Unless he's carving down to the meat there is no harm to the turtle. I hate that morons like you are implying that this kid carved every animal he met. Not the case. Get a life idiot...',1
'no need to worry when the voting machines are automatically voting for you instead of Romney',0
'Yes, I love my tan mid-calf ones :) Yes, very expensive but I had my first pair for 10 yrs and my second for two yrs now.',1
'I'd be euthanizing someone myself- but then, they'd have to pry my dog from my cold dead hands before I'd let them put her in a scuzzy shelter.  I'd sooner let them quarantine my husband.',1
'Don't like it, Don't watch it! Find your own happy place and stop complaining. Life is full of good and to many people spend their days walking around seeking negatives. Have a great day : )',1
'My experience is that the so called experts that say what to do with stock probably lose as much as they gain.  They make their money writing stupid article.',1
'And the pique of "don't confuse me with data or logic" continue on RC.Com',1
'What do you expect when the Liar in Chief was bought and paid for by the "Unions. The Chicago sewer rat in the White House is happy to see the "Unions taking control of this disaster.....Now lets see how much corrupt money goes into their coffers....',1
'They look like something out of the old movie, The Man From Planet X !!',1
'Why is this public anyway??? He said, she said BS! Someone loves to gossip and should be fired...or someone is making up stories!',1
'Hey one persontrying-to-work  ​ -for-a-pathetic-livi  ​ ng, judging by your grammar and sentence structure your command of your ENGLISH language is rather poor. Stop complaining about learning another language when it's clear you still have a lot of work to do on your first.',1
'@franks, individual states, you can only have a drivers licence or an I.D. card, \r\nyou cannot have both being that either or, will have the same exact number. \r\nSame principle applys by having licences in 2 different states. Only one of \r\nthem is good and the new state takes the old states priviledges etc.',1
'I'll bet Uncle Adolf doesn't use cracked rice and Arkansas hops with his pure Rocky Mountain spring water.',1
'Very accurate description of the lyin Mexican Mormon Moron tax evader, bankrupter, draft dodger, job outsourcer and Etch a Sketch Champion.\r\nEven lyin Willardo's Mexican daddy knew what he would be like when he grew up So he gave him his first name "Willardo" after the large movie rat. He gave him his middle name after an old baseball glove that they found in the family outhouse that was full of shxt. They shortened lyin Willardo's first name to Willard and their last name from Robberos to Romney when they smuggled little lyin Willardo over here from his birthplace in Tijuana.\r\n \r\nHe is now known by most people as Mitt Robme.\r\n \r\nIt is amazing how these right wing nuts believe that lyin Willardo, in any way is going to do anything but destroy our country again. He is going to eliminate regulations so that his corporate criminal masters can rob and steal from us once again as they did under Bush Bin Lyin and his criminal gang led by President Cheney.',1
'OOOOPS Blimey Mate, what did you do',1
'What do any of YOU know about unionism? 99% of you have no affiliation and have no experience to base your ignorant comments and opinions on. Union workers are regular people who were blessed enough to have the sense to stand together for whats right and whats fair. You hate unions and make silly comments about how unions are ruining this nation and are outdated. If you truly believe that you're company cares about you then your mistaken. Read a little history about how workers were treated in this country until the 1930's when "we the people" finally got tired of being bullied and KILLED by our employers. Unionism is about protecting your neighbor and your family. You get rid of OUR right to stand together and they have divided US and then THEY have won. To think that YOU'RE alright with that.... Where are all the free minds and spirits this country once had?',1
'Or does it simply imply that the man still thinks that he should be able to decide how to spend the money? \r\n  \r\nMy husband and I purchased a home two years ago.  My mother-in-law told me that I was lucky that I had some input in the house because she didn't when she got married.  In her case, her father and her husband picked the house.   \r\n  \r\nWhile I bit my tongue, I also knew that we only got the house because of my income.  My husband lost his job right before closing, and we could afford the house on my income because we chose a very small one that we could pay for on either of our incomes.  In mother-in-law's case, she was 22 years old and a stay at home mom who deferred to her husband or father for most everything.  Her father provided the down payment.  In my case, I was 42 years old and had been working for years.  I do think that my mother in law should have included her more in the process back in the 1950s, but there was no way that I would stand for that today.',1
'LOL\r\nI almost spit my drink all over the keyboard on that one...',1
'bullsh-t starts soon as they get back to work!!!!!  lies an more from both sides!!!  each taking credit for what was done to help !!!!!!!!!  tell the truth it hurts less an you don't get caught in the lies!!',0
'I love my Uggs and yes some are really ugly.  some,  like the tan fur ones,  are very versatile  as well as WARM.',1
'This is the first  comment I have ever left for any online article but I have to get this off my chest.  Nicki Minaj is the most disgusting creature I have ever laid eyes on.  Her attitude, her morals, the way she looks, her music, everything about her repulses me. She is a horrible role model for young girls and I hope she returns to the hole she came from very soon.',1
'Buckin Bronco Bama, Commander of shiitt.  After Katrina, people were screaming for help that almost never came.  But, a week before this election, 17 huge Air Force planes are going to the northeast taking trucks, generators, etc. to help the people there.  I am happy the people of that area are getting some help but I hope the American people will see this as I see it.  I see it as buying votes with taxpayers money.  don't get me wrong.  I am happy help is on the way, but I hope it won't get votes for a commander of shitt.  Milk Romney won't send aid because he isn't a commander yet.  Help me VOTE AGAINST ALL INCUMBENTS!',0
'Such a great post !! The Mitt Witts truly have no clue ! Congress tax and spends not POTUS. He can give them a balanced budget and Congress will find a way to SCREW it up ! The do nothing house of reps needs a complete make over.',1
'I think it is very arrogant of us to believe that a science that claims the world is hundreds of millions of years old. Then turns around and scoffs at someone asking for five-six hundred years of data ridiculous, and claims that the planet is warming causing catastrophic climate change. can anyone say "the sky is falling, the sky is falling, the sky is fallking". Gives us a 100 million to study thhis for ten years and will save you. Anybody that beleives in climate change out there should call me because I have beeach front property in Oklahoma for sale.',1
'One of the things I've heard that makes house flipping hard is when the house is too old and the plumbing and electrical have gone bad. Then it can get really expensive. The house I live in is pretty old so I started looking for <a href="http://www.aff  ​ ordablewaterheatersa  ​ z.com">plumbers in Scottsdale, AZ</a> just in case my plumbing went bad.',1
'And here's the link to the study.',1
'Kleenex Purse Pack - WTH??',1
'lol did not know as of now 33% of the people reading my crap also own this shirt...',1
'The real evil was committed by Osama Obama by letting those 4 Americans die on September 11, then flying off to Vegas on September 12 for a party and fundraiser !',1
'KOO is right, RF...Do Not live in continuous fear of branching out into the universe of other potential financial products..  Sticking with CDs when a move to ETFs, Hi Yield Bonds, MLPs or REITs was available, is like being an ideological stick in the mud- or like a Tea Party person in DC.  You wont go anywhere, and your financial machine will only end up backpedaling. \r\n\r\nThe lesson is to remain flexible and not be afraid to look outside the box of traditional venues for answers. \r\n\r\nWith respect- LOM',1
'The 1.6 million will pale in comparison to the 500 or so million our government stands to lose when Fiskers finally bites the dust - which will be soon! For they will be yet another in the growing list of bankrupt green energy companies that benefited handsomely from Owebowmao's signature brand of green energy cronyism. And sadly, many of these car companies (like Fiskers and Tesla) didn't even build their cars here in Amerika and imported them!',1
'Ol' Mr. Burns loves a liar I see that will never keep a promise I see!  =))',1
'Press 1 for instruction on how to lead: Press 2 if you don't really give a crap: Press 3 if just totally confused....',1
'I would punch, gouge, scratch and elbow my way to live,  good job Scott, you have a great story of kickin a sharks a**.',0
'oh it was in a box of Junior Mints the birds foot was no candy just a pair of actual birds feet yuck!!!',1
'To hell with china',1
'Have them on right now. They are so warm and fluffy.',1
'That is why we have "right to work" states, Don't go to those states who do not enjoy these rights.',1
'Truth, truth? Do you realize where these chats would be if we waited for truth or even considered it? Without wild **** assumptions 90% of us wouldn't have anything to add.',1
'ive been saying that for years',1
'Must have had ex peta employees working there ..',1
'Or not.  Doesn't take links aparently.',1
'Why do people always assume Obama was elected by the people on welfare? If he was, wouldn't that say a LOT about our country? Wouldn't that mean that people need to be pulled out of poverty, jobs created, tax laws changed, and welfare laws changed? Please do your homework. Do your research. Realize that the majority of people that voted for Obama were middle class, working, taxpayers.',1
'American needs Main stream  Republican's to take control of their Party.......Mainstre  ​ ​am Republican's  need to GROW A BACKBONE and  REMOVE the EXTREMIST that have infected their RANK AND FILE.........These Extremist  are doing the Republican Party a disservice, these Extremist are doing American's a disservice......The Wacko's need to be removed so we can MOVE THIS COUNTRY FORWARD !!!!!      \r\n We need at least a two party system.....But if Mainstream Republicans's don't come to their senses,  WE DON'T NEED THEM EITHER...this country will move FORWARD without them..... Wake up Republican'S that play between the 40 yd lines....DEMAND YOUR PARTY BACK !!!!!!!!!!!  Hey Mainstream Republicans  Chris Christie, Colin Powell, and Bloomberg GET IT and you CAN TOO!',1
'Brutally funny jas........',1
'Yep, it's a cat. And so ...?',1
'Another example of being pc going too far.  We do not allow any showing of emotion or empathy and then sit back and wonder why there is so much bullying.  It is time to stop banning every little thing.  I am quite baffled by the hug related injuries though.  Do they head butt each other at the same time?',1
'Really wouldn't expect anything different from a billionaire who talks out of both sides of his mouth.\r\nMaking money is so much more important than the devastated people who have only the clothes on their backs, no homes no lives. Shame on you Bloomberg, that it took a fb campaign for you to be sensitive to your people and city.\r\nYes, the marathon should be canceled',1
'You know when you pay dues its broken down in percentage in distributing to the local unions president side, then your retirement some has two or retirement programs and some goes to the home local plus  there is this say you wanta quick a job it doesn't hurt you like a un-union job does the un-union contractor can and they still do it eight ball you look it up dumb-ss but another thing is this when there is no ss and you cry babys out wants it don't point to the unions  because you have a voice also use the dam thing that the your higher power gave you and if you are scare little punk then you don't need to vote because you are unless like tits on a boy hog - you know the young don't know how to do a dam thing right we suffered for the first four years and now another four years welcome to Greece',1
'An enema! Seriously!!!',1
'How do you know they were tampered?  .  Had they been not allowing Obama votes, you'd be okay with that I'm sure.',1
'yes but china buys a lot of grain from the US so we tend to ignore it, republican farmers could care less as long as they get the cash.',1
'OMG, NO!  This is the most assinine thing I have ever heard!  ...A couple of kids spending their time in a park doing something that harms NO ONE, and doesn't land either of them in a rehab, and you wanna charge them for it?!?!?  No wonder so many kids are on dope!',1
'Well, I can only judge by my own experience with having children, and I'll just say this.. I must be married to the 'exception'.\r\nIf it was left up to him, there wouldn't be a time or place where he wouldn't be interested in it.\r\nI have a feeling that I'll be fighting him off with a stick when the kids are grown and out of the house.',1
'Maggie stop victimizing them, everything you just said is completely counter intuitive, it's not bullying if they can defend themselves. As for you Nap Town.....you just contradicted yourself, you say I tracked you down then literally in the next sentence you say it's because I "ran my mouth to a girl" to which YOU responded to first therefore starting this argument....you sure you're felling ok champ? The rage is blinding you apparently.',1
'this is sorta' off topic but am i the only guy that wants to stick his penis in a shark's gills?',1
'I agree with ji7144. Milton Hershey was such an admirable man--hardworking and determined, caring and thoughtful. The orphanage he and Catherine started was not just for show. Pictures of him with the children and their continued involvement in the school showed where their hearts were. He would not condone the use of children in this way.\r\n\r\nHe would also be upset at the money saving practice of adding high fructose corn syrup to the Hershey products in America. It was obvious in the ways in which he used the financial results of his hard work for the benefit of so many that making tons of money was not the goal. Making a high-quality product was his goal. \r\n\r\nI have not purchased Nestles since they were involved in pushing their infant formula on 3rd world nations. However, when I look at the ingredients lists on comparative products from Hershey and Nestle I am seeing a much higher quality product from Nestle.',1
'Artest has been in television shows before. At least IMDB the guy's name before you write a false article!',1
'What has his religion got to do with his ability to govern?  Obama's ambiguity of faith hasn't been an issue.',1
'No, but this SOB with the gun should be given the maximum sentence for pulling a gun!',1
'Double entendre and cheap sexual humor.  Thanks again, MSN for your valuable contribution to the national dialog on garbage.',1
'No.  It was caused by a youtube video.',1
'F.O., Big Mouth!',1
'Condolences to her Husband and family. \r\n                                                                     RIP Theresa Faiss',1
'google it you brain dead moron.....Not making nothing up.',1
'The fact is, Slobama is losing and I can't wait to hear the whining and crying after the election from the loons.',1
'YEAH AND DEMOCRATS TALK BOUT THERE'S NO VOTER FRAUD?\r\nLYING SACKS OF CRAP!',1
'it sounds sad but life has to go on, the marathon should go on as scheduled, but the hotels shouldnt kick out the locals displaced by the storm, the runners will find alternatives, if they can run 26 miles they can sleep it out in their car for a night or stay at a hotel farther away.',1
'I would not handle that situation with dignity, that's about all I could guarantee!  My dogs have always been like my kids, I couldn't imagine someone doing that and then insulting me with an "oops, we made a mistake"!',1
'really takes all kinds of people these days. Love thy kid no matter what! I bet he wasn't too hot looking either sounds like she's the one better off not him because if he truly loved her non of this would've mattered',1
'Chris Matthews SUCKS.  He has his head so far up Obama's azz, you can see white hair when Obama coughs.',1
'Don't drink their piss water beer, epically when a 12 pack of microbrews is the equivalent price of an 18 pack of piss water. The total alcohol volume is probably greater and tastes better. Plus you drink less.',1
'I would like to congratulate you on a very funny paragraph.',1
'**** unions and everyone in them.  Unions are a thing of the past.  When we had kids wirking 70 hrs a week in factories in 1915, maybe they were a good idea, but they have long outlived their usefulness...they are a waste of money, a waste of time and a leach on the economy and on the livelihood of this country.',1
'For 138.00 that's almost two week's worth of groceries for me and my two girls, ( I budget well) and I am a single mom!  We go out to eat twice a year!  With having a mortgage, cell, and medical bills ( I have asthma) I can only afford the basics!  Oh yeah I work full time and go to school for nursing!  I'm broke!',1
'My Condolences to You Who are hurting because of this attack, Perhaps satan could not let a Man of God work as well as Pastor Kirk did?But If so then He will be in Heaven when those that Love God are brought forth!  Praise God and Bless the Lord for precious in the sight of God is the death of His Saints.',1
'Does Obama know this ??  May be sears or penny's  is helping run this company!!',1
'Read the source. It says her "pregnancy was part of the costume". She was NOT pregnant. It's just another DUI not child endangerment people!!',1
'Although interesting enough to get a response from YOU, LLLLLLOSER!!!!!!!!',1
'I heard they can have one glass of red wine per day and smoke weed from a vaporizor.',1
'Love Ugg boots, now I have a pair of Ugg tennis shoes....very stylish and comfortable',1
'A VOTE FOR OBAMA IS A VOTE FOR THE DARK SIDE',1
'Hey! all you republitards! you better stock up on face tissue because when your puppet mitt the Twit lose's you are going to be crying your eyes out, you pathetic! whiney! losers!',1
'No I think that it is not ok for pregnant women should get drunk but doctors say that it is ok to have a beer or a glass of wine every once in a while',1
'The only reason Hershey was singled out is that the attorneys in this lawsuit feel Hershey has the deepest pockets and the easiest to extort cash from, until the attorneys' pockets are full of this tainted money, then they will quit..  Will an attorney ever feel guilty about being paid in 'tainted money'??  Do cows fly?? \r\nIt's all about the money..  the horrible working conditions are just the vehicle to get at the money..  Will this cure or somehow ease the horrible working conditions??  Do cows fly??',1
'reanderson2133 try to keep in mind that the server may be having a bad day because of a Deadbeat husband that got her pregnant and the left.  There usually is a story behind a bad attitude.  Take care and keep tipping.',1
'if we can barely afford bills, food and gas how are we going to afford boots?',1
'As far as dealing with the cop is concerned, I always claim not to have my insurance papers when asked so that they have that opportunity to write a ticket. My thoughts are that they may be required to write a ticket if they pull you over, so if by law they have to write you a ticket for the no insurance but felt that you were truthful and easy to deal with for the moving violation, then they can cut you slack while at the same time telling their supervisor that they did write a ticket for the traffic stop. Never argue, it doesnt help anybody.\r\n \r\n When I was 18, as part of my hefty speeding ticket fine, an extra punishment was to have to sit in court every wednesday for a month and watch all the court cases. Typically this was a job killer if you had one, but fortunately for me I was off on wednesdays so it was nothing more than entertainment value. Most of the bad kids in town were sitting there, some with up to a years time, and every time they would be hard headed and not show up the judge would add an extra week. It was interesting watching the cases, and how never people defending themselves got off. This article is a flat out lie; you DO NOT WIN fighting your ticket in court. However, if the officer does not show up, then everybody with a ticket from that officer present in court gets off clean. After a not guilty plea, you would hear both the officers and defendants accounts of what happened, and 100% of the time the judge would say "I am going to find you guilty, and assess a fine of ___". Its almost like it was not relevant for the defendant to even utter a word in the court after a not guilty plea, and was more like a "assumed guilty until proven innocent" type of scam. Almost nobody lawyered up and assumed that they had a fair shot in court, but after this experience, I would say its more of an insult to the judge than anything to go to court not lawyered up. This one guy did lawyer up, and his ticket got reduced from reckless driving, to careless driving, and with it going to driving class, it amounted to $35 and no record. The only way to get your ticket reduced or dismissed is to lawyer up, or by shear luck that the officer doesnt show up which you cant lean on. You are wasting your time if you think that you have a fair shot in a traffic court on your own, where both the cop and the judge are paid from the same payroll account!',1
'Finally!  Women have been "marrying up" for ages.',1
'This is what happens when you're dealing with a bunch of Union thugs and dumbazz yankees !!',1
'Yeah! \r\n  \r\nHe told Romney to go F himself, that's funny, real funny.',1
'"I wish someone would bring me a mouse, I'm famished"',1
'@Revinge of the twat: After you blow your father though.',1
'tasteless',1
'As for the blatent lie TYPICAL FOREIGN GARBAGE!',1
'Um if you kill animals on accident that aren't meant to be euthanized  you don't deserve to be running a shelter. I don't think anyone would sue the shelter but I would most definitely sue the people. There are plenty that can take his/her place. I used to work at an animal shelter and I know how they line up animals to be euthanized, only the badly run, people who don't give a damn would accidentally kill a dog.',1
'They are popular because everyone  dresses like a big slob.  No one knows how to dress anymore.',1
'CGT1.....Bloomberg is your Mayor, Cuomo your Governor...NYC has it's own Homeland Security..\r\nIs that who you are talking about, failing the people of the City..??\r\n \r\nI don't know if M.Bloomberg is an inept fool or not, but I thought the people liked him??',1
'I agree with sweetevilredhead',1
'Agreed on both points ... I LOVE Netflix and have been an extremely loyal customer -- product and service is GREAT ... unfortunately the only thing to like about the stock is how much money can be made timing the shorts',1
'The dog didn't "attack" the pizza guy, he jumped on him.  Really, since when is it OK to kill another living thing for being rude?  Is that OK now cause I have a few people who I'd like to take care of that way!',1
'Call him a ****, then say we have something in common.',1
'Sure, but not all cars do. I have a 2008 Yaris and I don't have a fuel mileage gauge (nor do I have manual locks/windows, but in a teeny car, you don't really need it anyway).',1
'Hey Stacy so when you go to that 5 star retaurant for dinner with your husband or boyfriend do you pick up the tab every other time?  I would imagine you do as you're educated and do well for yourself?  If this is a yes then you truly are 0.0000001% of all women out there and you should give me your number, please!!!',1
'You are incorrect about law enforcement being the driving force behind tightening gun laws. Every law enforcement officer knows just about anything can be used to kill someone (i.e. your hands, a writing pen/pencil, a spoon, a shoe lace, etc). Additionaly every law enforcement officer knows not to play any with sort of compliance ordinances. This officer needs some serious remediation; depending on his length of service and training. The same officer that screwed up, might be the same officer that loses his life saving this kid or one of his family or friends in the future. The kid will get over it and his parents most likely will buy a boat or a similar item, and thank God every day for the dumb act of this police officer.',0
'Yeah, ignore troll, he lives in his moms basement and ooff unemployment',1
'Santity of life continues aFTER birth.  If a newborn life is precious, and it is, so is a 10 year old life, or 15 or 20.',1
'What makes you believe that the media has any interest in being fair?',1
'littlemom - I thought the same thing. Reporting has really gone downhill.\r\n\r\nJohn Doe - Go troll somewhere else.',1
'I can see knowledge is not your strong suit.... Das Pudding Pop Super Beast? Bethink of a falter portrayed as such.. Your words are small minded and sound like someone of low intellect and caliber... I'm guessing you live in a single trailer on 1 acre of land with a large trash pile of toilets and old carpet strewed outside behind your trailer.... Maybe you even have some old vehicles that no longer work back there...How many fingers have been inside of you since after your daddy stuck his little pinky in your cocoa puff.... What!!!!! You don't use fingers!!!!! You use sausages from the store.... You like them that big huh??? No wonder you're an adament Osama peter puffer.... Poor little thing!!!! Both your parents abused you spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, sexually and tastelessly..... Did they share you with their friends too as some predominated white trash??? Would they expose your little starfish to their friends and shove things up you like rolled up magazines of fortune????? This Beer's for you buddy.... Keep puffing on dicks of mystery... One could only hope that some man's sausage is actually filled with the diseases of this world..... Open Sesame..... Let diseases flow in..... Close Sesame..... Infect!!!! Infect!!!! My bad!!!! I had no clue that you were already tainted and ridiculed with disease... Your avatar speaks highly gay of you!!!!',0
'Companies that move over seas would rather pay the worker 25 cents a day while making huge profits. Have you ever seen prices go down when they move jobs  over seas? I haven't. ITS CALLED PROFITS!',1
'As a newly graduated RN (less than 1 year ago) I do firmly believe that student nurses should be allowed to care for patients, otherwise how would we learn? That being said, they ALWAYS should be supervised by instructors or precepting nurses.   \r\n  \r\nIn our nursing program we were always supervised when giving medications (IV or PO), or doing any procedures.   \r\n  \r\nI still have yet to understand how even someone with no medical training can confuse coffee and IV fluid.  \r\n  \r\nBut what I do know is that if she had any question whatsoever about the procedure or "medication" she was about to administer, she should have asked someone with more experience. \r\n  \r\nI know we all make mistakes, but this mistake cost someone their life.  I hope this can serve as a learning experience for student nurses and seasoned nurses alike.',1
'Well, we know what the little guy WON'T want to be when he grows up. As to Angela, I don't see the disrespect here..except to the children, for whom the officer should have been impeccable in all things in order to inspire the children. Instead, he gave them the heavy-handed, bully stereotype that leave children fearing the people we teach them to respect & trust. Way to go, Angela! Perhaps you could join the officer by following the Taser festivities with another lesson in good role model careers by dressing as Cruella de Ville for a trip to death row at the dog pound.',1
'SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error. SuperBeast lives in a White Trash city Plague with Methamphetamine.... His picture is a perfect response to his epidemic of error.',0
'Gary Johnson 2012.\r\n\r\nN'uff said.',1
'I couldn't agree more with every show listed -- enough is enough!  And all that "reality" crap should go too.  I can see foul-mouthed, vulgar, half-dressed, vomiting people at the local bar if I so desire (for some strange reason), so I really don't need to see it on TV!!!',1
'There is no big deal notafan73, only morons who can't lift a finger to help out their fellow man in the towns and cities they live in but can 'save the world' by whining about people doing harmless **** that they read about on MSN...LOL! Carry on...',1
'*drops jaw in shock and blinks*',1
'hi',0
'tRUST IN uNIONS:  you are SOOO correct!!  Majority of people do not understand nor know anything about Unions, and are, basically, controlled by someone in Corporate America.  Unions actually protect their workers to ensure they are, IN FACT, getting paid for their worth and skill, not capped and controlled by the, so called, Market Based Salary, which is how corporations keep the salaries down.',0
'A smackdown from an 82-year-old man? \r\n OK. \r\n I admit it. \r\n I laughed when I first read it. \r\n Duck next time.',1
'Actually approximately 80 percent of the voting population is endorsing Romney ..dolt',1
'There should never have been a conversation about it to begin with. Your city is in ruins, Staten Island is still pulling out the dead, no power in so many places, no fuel, too many homes not fit to live in, and people in shock. But hey, let's have thousands of people all needing housing, water and resources come and run. This guy will not be re-elected making these kinds of decisions.',1
'Wow, just when you think you have heard every dumb remark he can make he finds a way to conjure up another one.  At least it wasn't another pathetic lie but even that would be better than insulting the millions of people affected by the storm. How belittling he is. Drop his entitled, arrogant, self flattering butt off in Staten Island and let him get to work. That can be his lane.',1
'This isn't a surprise. He must have forgotten to take his meds.',1
'Typical Liberal immaturity. The country is hurting and has been hurting for four years under the inept Obama Administration and all the Liberals can do is distort Mitt Romney's name or create childish cartoons. Try growing up and acting like adults. Our country's future is at stake and we quite frankly are faced with a looming depression that not even Obama's smooth talk will make it go away. We need real leadership this time around and can not fall for the endless promises of an inept president like Obama.\r\n \r\nRomney/Ryan Serious men to do a serious job.',1
'When you get preferential treatment on College entrance, employment, etc. Its not a surprise to see that some women are now in positions of authority. Men who are in authority dont want career women. Women in the workforce dont want women bosses. Hope this clears up the question which is WHY.',1
'PLEASE save country music. It is called "COUNTRY MUSIC" for a reason. It is supposed to be different from. It is story telling from the heart, it is ballards. PLEASE bring back REAL country.',1
'You have made an interesting point.  However, a child on a farm can learn just as well about the company business than to be forced to pick cocoa beans 8-10 hours a day.  Let's pay those farmers enough for those beans so they don't need child labor.  I stopped buying Hershey bars when they started blowing up the volume of candy itself with air and thinking that the customers wouldn't catch on to their fraud.  Bigger bars with less product in them.  How dumb do you think we are Hershey?',1
'Grey Ghost accuses OBAMA of lying??  Your flip-flopper Rob-me takes the cake on THAT one!',1
'What is wrong with these two people....how insensitive could anyone possibly be?  A mother had her 2 and 4 year old boys swept out of her arms during the storm and they were found dead on a deserted street and these two are using backdrops of devastation for a photo shoot.  Maybe they should get out there and offer some help to those people who have nowhere to go.....no homes, no food, no clothes....that would make for a more tasteful way to act.  These are really two sick individuals!!!',1
'I must say this is VERY nobel of you to come out and want to attack me now....I really appreciate you fighting with me to defend Roland's honor.....now this is the sweet side of you that I really always liked.....so honorable to come to battle for your boy there.....I am sure he cried on your shoulder all night last night on how Mikey Pinero has been following him around and picking on him......but the thing is Mikey's long gone and the delusional dung slinger allows his legend to carry on....hope he'll do the same for you once you get the boot.....',1
'SWAG!!! lol',1
'Hello Peanut351\r\n \r\nActually, I think you are right.  The long term goals are decided by what is reportedly known as The Bilderberg Group.  Read up on them.  They work through the Council on Foreign Relations and such other organizations.  You will find our past presidents on both ruling parties are members.   So, are presidential elections really just a ruse?   Something to keep us all bickering with each other while they pursue their goals and manipulate the governments and economies?',0
'"Citing the boost it brings to the city's economy, New York Mayor Bloomberg decided to hold the world's largest marathon on Sunday, as scheduled."\r\n \r\nThat's fine, but what about all of the resources that will be used to get the runners into N.Y.? \r\n\r\nThere's enough problems getting gas to people who need it to run generators, get to work, run equiptment to clear debris. They are going to take some of that away to run taxis and rental cars for these folks to come into town? Are they going to make sure there are 3 people in each of the cars?\r\nHotel rooms, yes, but how about food to feed these people? How about clean water?\r\n \r\nFiddling while Rome burns...:(',1
'No, but money (and good management of that money) will make things SO much easier, which results in a HAPPY marriage and HAPPY life. \r\n  \r\nI know.  I've been poor, and I've been wealthy.  Wealthy is much better, and much more HAPPY.  :)',1
'Studies like this anger me, I am heavily modified and do freak show performances so of course it only makes sense that I have a high pain tolerance and I hate the reaction I get from some men who think I must have blacked out while getting my piercings and tattoos or that while I'm doing my performances I'm under heavy anesthesia. I am not, I hang from thick hooks, shove nails through my nasal cavity, endure having over 20 needles stuck in me, and walk barefoot on broken glass and feel all of it! I would have loved to have taken part in this study and show that I could take more pain than any man! Yet to the answer of the worst pain I've experienced I can not say that I feel physical pain as a disturbance any more, I am no sadomasochist , but  I've learned to accept pain as a daily part of life. The worst pain I felt was in my early modification days when I had a large scarification piece done on my chest, because back then I was not that accustomed to pain.',1
'When will YOU spell "comrade" correctly, moron?',1
'So many people i know who have bought puppies & kittens from pet stores have had problems.  Until these stores take responsibility for the health and well-being of these animals this ban sounds like the only option.',1
'Whether this story is true or not, the fact is that labor unions are organizations who have outlived their usefulness.  They were originally established to address things like child labor, unreasonably dangerous or filthy work environments, and exploitative or cruel employers.  Federal and state employment laws now address all those issues.  The outrageous demands of unions concerning pay and benefits has a large role in the current uncompetitive and overly-expensive costs associated with American manufacturing, and they have definitely pushed employers to send jobs to other countries where labor is cheaper.   It's getting to where no one but union workers can afford American-made products.  Labor unions in the US apparently can't control themselves, so they need to be outlawed for the overall benefit of everybody (except possibly pampered and overpaid union workers).',1
'what an idiot. "good workers don't need unions"  LOL.  I was put out of my 20 yr, NON union job(along with everyone else age 45 and over) because they did not want to pay my high salary(which was 45k on LONG ISLAND)  Don't give me this crap that good workers don't need unions, that is one line of ****.  They WILL get rid of you when you get too expensive or old, trust me.  YOu wil be out on the street.',1
'Treat your spouse with the same respect, love, generousity and honesty you would like to have shown to you. \r\n18 + years',1
'Mr. Burns....yep..Someho  ​ w it's easy to visualize that he would endorse Romney. Homer on the \r\nother hand would probably endorse Krusty the Clown. Marge would absolutely be crazy over \r\nObama. LOL',1
'leave then.. go to mpls.. join your lib frds... you'll fit right in.',1
'I agree invest in lead and brass and while your at it pick up some blue steel.  R&R 2012',1
'As "Psychics", you would think they would know this already..... :-)',0
'Any thoughts on the new Titus Andronicus? Quite possibly my favourite guitar rock of 2012 (sorry Neil). \r\n Speaking of Neil, what's the consensus around here on Psychedelic Pill? I haven't gotten around to it yet. \r\n Edit: Ahhhh I forgot about Agnostic Hymns. Toss-up between that and Local Business for me.',1
'Does sex count?',1
'budda: What's your point lad? I don't understand what you are getting at? IMHO they shouldn't have gone into either Iraq or Afghanistan. Neither of them is worth a life being lost.',1
'Taylor Swift is as country as Madonna..why do they keep awarding her for pop songs??',1
'talk about an idiot!!!! she may not have done anything good here...but for u to wish anyone to rot in hell shows who the real idiot is!!!!!',1
'YOU DON'T SAY,  ROMNEY'S LYING AGAIN?! \r\nHey TOE CUTTER, how about the big lie when Romney took credit for the auto industry comeback, when all he wanted to do was cut them loose and let them die!!!  \r\nAnd there is NO tax associated with Obama-care, just a penalty if you don't have any insurance. The same exact penalty we have here in Massachusetts for not having insurance, that Romney is supposed to be proud of enacting.  \r\nAnd unemployment would probably have been under 6% if the staunch Republicans that thought about nothing but sabotaging his time in office, rather than voting for the plans he had, that would've helped this country get back to normal. \r\nRomney says he's a job-maker, I remember differently. I was working for the State when he took charge, and 1/3 of the people I was working with got laid-off.  And he cleared out a whole department of people and sent their jobs overseas to a call center.  That's how he made things better here, LOL.',1
'Would hardly consider this to be a glamour shot -just looks like another hooker working the parking lot at Home Depot or Lowe's here in South Texas.',1
'im rich, im rick james bi**h, i get cocain for halloween',1
'Nearly every major brand you buy today who exports jobs overseas is guilty of child labor... and yet those multi-millionaires who do so are making billions from the use of children making pennies a day in their sweat shops overseas!',1
'We also know where obama stands also. And we dont like it !!!!!!',1
'Hey dumba$$. Doesn't mean that a man didn't pay the whores bill. She likely suckered some sap into paying for her and her little sh*t or sh*ts meal.',1
'by the way did i say DONT TRUST ANYTHING THEY SAY. CAVEAT EMPTOR< let the buyer beware. especially look for out of state registrations on the carfax and the dates and try to find out if there were floods there at those times. the really good scammers will really do a good job on the cosmetics,new carpet or seats. look under the seats. does it have rust under there. it shoudnt at the metal frame.look under the carpet, find rust run away from theredid they spray paint inside the fendewells or undercoating underneath that looks new run away. does the solid iron parts have flakey kind of rust that falls off in chunks run away. do the nuts and bolts of thing mounted under the hood look real rusty or are they too new be suspicios but you can look up the things to look for. look for rust in the underbody nooks and crannies up above the suspension mounts. look for telltale signs of waterlines or rust lines under the fenders in the trunk behind the liners. look for brand new transmission fluid in them. how many people change their trans fluid? very few. look for new gaskets on the differential housings and brand new differential fluid in them. who changes that stuff? very few. salt water immersion will give all the alloy parts like the transmission, water pump,alternator hosings a strange. pitted look. if you dont know what normal stufff looks like when used go visit your local junkyard and look at their transmissions alternators and other alloy parts. all that stuff has been wet and will not look like the salt water corrosion stuff. you can find pictures of and articles on the internet on salt water corrosion effects and how it looks. also salt water corrosion and rust on painted parts have a unique look to them ask you body shop guy to help you.the loss of possibly tens of thousands of cars from tis hurricane is in the works here and all this JUNK is going to be pawned off on the unsuspecting public all over this country and end up in the junkyard as late model repacement parts too. the money that will be made screwing us on this JUNK will be enormous. the temptation is too great especially in this economy which is already screwed up plenty. DONT GET ME STARTED. this is not supposed to be a blanket covering all used car dealers and junk yards. even they will be screwed when all this JUNK comes back to bite them and they wont want to take a loss but they are much better informed than we are so have an advantage over us.we will be the ultimate losers and tis JUNK will be out there for years if not decades. WATCH OUT',1
'"If it is digital, it is fallible."  Don Weeks 2006  You DO NOT have privacy with anything that is digital.  Giving your cell phone to a tech is just as good as handing your photo album, rolodex (if you know what that is), and your payment methods (if your crazy enough to put that stuff on a phone).  Privacy is an illusion if you havent figured it out.',1
'inb4 laurel gets here to kiss obama's a$$ all day long',1
'Idiot!  He should just shut up. One can be intelligent  and not be very  smart. (lol)',1
'First of all red 62 I am still married!! You should read the post a little better next time.At 45 years old I think I have seen enough marriages fail to know\r\nwhat there is to gain and lose in one.When a women reaches a certian age and feels time is slipping by(which means all her friends are going ther own ways) they suddenly all want kids. I also have seen men trapped(myself included) with women who suddently get preggo on purpose.And trust me,when a women gets pregnant at 18 thats an accident.But when they get pregnant at 30 or so they know exactly what they are doing.!!  Now I realize all marriages are not this way. But when it does end the man will get the worst of it.',1
'Worst. President. Ever, in the history of ever.',1
'Laurel,  \r\nI assure you NO ONE is trying to persuade you to vote for the other guy.  However, you live your financial life the way the current administration does, and I'll follow my own financial path...contact me in 4 years we'll see who's better off.',1
'Nothing like a good sense of humor   lol',1
'Your master ( Apollyon ) is coming to collect his dues....Your spread the word is now over with.... That's what you get for making deals with such malice inside yourself... Was your fame worth the price? Apollyon is approaching!!!!!!!',0
'I guess we`re not drinking enough.Time to drink up, Obama said"No more \r\nbailouts".',1
'Great idea, sharp kid, I would like to see tests by which the conclusion was arrived at? Was it just pictures in a book or a VR environment, was it just pictures in a book or scenario based with just pictures? Next would be the type of people used in the experiment, males and females, warriors and sissys or to be PC, aggressive and passive types. This poses too many questions for this early, think I will go back to bed.',1
'Jeff E. your unions hefty wages and pensions are why the jobs are going overseas',1
'@ Buckieboy:  Do I have a gay child? No.  Would it matter if I did?  No.  Do your bigoted statements about gays hurt anyone but you?  No.  I support equality for ALL people, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, education, economic class, physical or mental abilities or handicaps, political leanings, or any title or name you care to place on any portion of the population to make them less than acceptable in your eyes.  I even support your right to be a bigot and spout your nonsense.  What a wonderful country we live in that people like you and I have a right to voice our opinions.',1
'How about you put yours out ther Puss.... Whats the matter....... Lets see it',0
'@ Chris..You're a brainwashed sheeple!!',1
'HA HA HA HA HAAAAA!!! SCREW YOU, APPLE! That's what happens when you think you can prance around suing everyone for everything. Effing LOSERS.',1
'There is a VAST difference between the two.  Your comparison between milking cows and forcing children to work at gunpoint is completly different, in case you can't see the difference.  Your comparison is ridiculous at the least and makes you sound like a horses ****.  Regardless of "expecting their young children to go out and keep the goats from being eaten by lions" or anything else they may do, it does not mean we do or should approve of it or condone it.  Whether you consider "us" in the USA (I don't know where you must be from, but I sincerly hope it isn't from the USA, and if it is, perhaps it shouldn't be since you think so little of us in the USA) to be sissy's because we "feel" for children a weakness just shows how very much of a horses **** you really are!  Try to climb up from the rock you live under and see what human beings are capable of...',1
'Tell the world which comment is truly stupid: The one asking why some Irish rappers won't "open" for a criminal rapper is somehow "news" -- or the reply to that comment telling someone to go find real news. I ask again, is the Earth going to explode, is the Universe going to implode -- just because the criminal Chris Brown got "dissed" by these Irish rappers? Anyone whose lives revolve around this "news" really need to get a life.',1
'Really, depending on where I'm diving at, the only ones that concern me are the box jelly and the iraconji jelly.',1
'yes. ALL resources should be going to the refugees of this storm.\r\nall the whil obamahahahaha is flying off to vegas to party like a rock star. \r\nTHIS IS OBAMAHAHAHAHAHAHA'S KATRINA. MILLIONS ARE SUFFERING WHILE HE LIVES LIKE A KING ON OUR DIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !',1
'A turtle is not always the first thing you look for.',1
'curious.  I'll place my bets.  Hah',1
'So this is what lex luther does when he is not trying to kill superman.',1
'I wouldn't expect a hollow headed E! host to understand the emotions a pregnant 16 year old goes through. Girls that get pregnant at that age do not plan to get pregnant, it's almost always unexpected and a shock to them and the people around them. There are lots of complicated emotions that go along with pregnancy at this age and I'm sure it is hard for girls to get excited about having a child with such a whirlwind of emotions swirling in their heads.',1
'Hey ****! glad you died young otherwise i'd have to see you serving me coffee at 60.',1
'Ur an idiot! The world is ****ed anyways',0
'What a baby! Oh, and stay out of our mountains!',1
'Vote the bible up ur **** you morons.',1
'Liked the book; HATED the movie.',1
'Global warming may very well have played a role.  But to blame global warming only on human factors is very short sighted.',1
'Hasn't anyone else noticed that the handwriting isn't even close????  Yes I agree you should tip, but think this whole thing is a hoax.....',1
'the same way, but with alot more force.',1
'Only a boost if you are blind, deaf and stupid.',1
'OTHER LINK . . . Go back to "Dr. DuBury Midung M.D. ! \r\nStop hiding.',1
'And you, "steelbeetle" are still an idiot.',1
'NO!\r\nUgg stands for UGG-LY!!',1
'typical worthless scum. total waste of money, resources and a total drain on the economy.',1
'Hey, all you Libs, Listen Up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!! \r\n \r\n I Promise, I'm NOT GOING TO VOTE FOR BUSH TUESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \r\n So you can stop railing on him now, and try to find some valid way to make your clueless leader look better. \r\n It's all John F. Kennedy's fault!!!!!!!!!!  He wasted all that money on the Space program and the Cuban Missile Crisis!!!!!!!!!',1
'Man, And my mom told me the thing I really had to worry about were razors in my candy... PFFT!',0
'Zelda: Thanks, you too.',1
'I wouln't sue him.',1
'its a shame when Clinton had  Osama bin laden in custody,    they didn,t lock him up.  \r\nthe first ,        remember the first time world trade center was going to be blown up by the van',1
'I always thought tipping was optional.',1
'Don't forget diesel is costing you money every day. when trucks have to pay more for diesel its passed down to you. its a way for government to tax the people without us knowing.',1
'If you tip for poor service you are a fool. I have worked in the food industry and believe a tip is for good service. It is not mandatory.',1
'Who cares?',1
'Once again Mitt removes the second M from Mormon.',1
'Your science illiteracy does not refute the actual science of global warming.',1
'Dirty seawater and high voltage?  It would have surprised me if they hadn't come out well done.',1
'Hey, there's always room on cable for another show like "Honey Boo-Boo".',1
'Baloney, Jane. Country was country for years and years before the current pop-rock crap in country music. You get over your ownself and realize this isn't country music.',1
'I wonder how much of the drop in sales had to do with SB 1070 signed into Arizona law?\r\n\r\n "Economic Sanctions Committee of Somos América is asking every Latino in Arizona to boycott Budweiser. Their support of the boycott is a response to Hensley & Co.'s, Budweiser's distributor, financial contributions to political supporters of the anti-migrant law SB 1070 who continue promoting a climate of fear, hate and criminalization towards the Latino and immigrant community."\r\n\r\nRemember, Cindy Hensley McCain, wife of Senator John McCain (R) had a huge share of Budweiser stock.  \r\n\r\nMy take, though, is Budweiser is too expensive, compared to other beers of better quality.  I liked the commercials, but I wonder how much people are paying to see those ads?  Plus, I'm no fan of the McCains and don't want my money going into their bank accounts.',1
'Dumping the current government will take at least one more generation. We want experienced people but they all come from the same pool that the current polititians come from. They all take the same path so they all get the same dirt on their feet . A fresh start is gonna require some grass roots recruitment.',1
'I've only been able to watch one game on tnt,so I wouldnt know...\r\nDirect tv/cox wont strike a deal so there are a million laker fans who can't watch...\r\nFor some of us it's the first time in years we have missed a single game..\r\nBig business playing poker with the lakers and smoking big cigars laughing and joking without a care in the world...\r\nOne day you fat cats are gonna pay..',1
'Right or wrong, rules are rules and if you do not like the rules, then you must work to change them or shut up and adhere to them.',1
'take that you mean 'ol shark!',1
'Most of the people who comment on here continuously say "I could care less", whenever they are trying to say that they could NOT care any less about something... so, I really don't think this is the crowd that should be judging Biden's grammatical gaffes.\r\n \r\nAt any rate, I truly could NOT care any less about this gaffe...  I'll file it right along side Romney likening the storm clean up to cleaning up after a football game, and call it even!',1
'The Center for Disease Control has issued a warning about a new virulent strain of this old disease. The disease is called "Gonorrhea Lectim." It pronounced "Gonna re-elect em" and is a terrible Obamanation. The disease is contracted through dangerous and high risk behavior involving cranium up the rectum. Many victims contracted the disease in 2008. Most people, after having been infected during the past 4 years, are beginning to realize how destructive this sickness can become! \r\nGonorrhea Lectim is easily cured with a new drug on the market called "Votemout." The first dose should be taken now and the second dose in Nov. 2012. Everyone should be warned not to engage in this type of behavior again; otherwise, it could become permanent and eventually wipe out all life as we know it.\r\nPlease inform all those bright persons you love and really care about.',0
'Ewwwww..... Isn't nothing more disgusting in this world than a man who appreciates trashy-ness as a way of life.... SuperBeast is a boy who lacks morals, guidance, values and ?????  His teenage years were dispersed with dope frenzies of freaks trying so hard to fit in with the lower class society of cockroaches.....He and his friends probably made games of such a task... Like firing BB's at little critters on the wall and then betting themselves to lick and eat them...He was 13 the day he felt up his Best Friends little brother..... The little brother had no earthly idea what was manifesting in the wicked and diluted mind of such a travesty of a person... The little one ( Only 4 at the time) thought it was normal for another boy to be playing with his willy....SB progressed into one of the most serial pedophiles of our time.... He gives dope to children after cooking such a tray of ICED Candy.... It's the only way he can touch a cocoa starfish',0
'If he wants to look like the talyband the army should send him over to afghanistan.',0
'The media is too biased in favor of Obummer.  They would never photoshop a photo that would make him look more stupid than he is.',1
'I can assure you--Jesse Jackson or his family has NOTHING to do with Budweiser...in any way-shape or form!!  Where do you people come up with this CRAP information?',1
'MisterKyte:  Your profile photo clearly reminds me of someone else.....key words hint......White House',1
'Wake up BOB!!  Bud STILL is American "made"!  I prefer the word "brewed" but maybe all other brewers MAKE their beers in your eyes.',1
'2 TVs.',1
'I love my 2008 Yaris.. My car is rated for 29 mpg city and 35 highway, but I've never actually checked. Either way, I only fill up once every week or two and still only pay about $35 each time--it's much better than the car that lasted me through most of college, a 1998 Ford Taurus that got maybe 20 mpg.',1
'AP Article: Romney claims government will shut down if Obama is re-elected.\r\nAnother: If Romney is elected (11/06), things start changing 11/7.\r\n\r\nI don't know about you... but those two statements sound like TERRORISM to me. First, if the Party of NO blockades us any longer, you can expect WAR. Second... the new President isn't sworn in for several weeks. He can only "act" 11/7 if he is- Obama.\r\n\r\nRomney is a FAILURE. He was never qualified to run and continually trips over his tongue. Can we REALLY afford a massive IDIOT like that? NO. VOTE NO PARTY OF NO and NO ROMNEY.',1
'she' s hot, whatever. at least she's not one of those "stick models", she's actually got a body.',1
'Bing rider add dating,you will a site where many biker singles here.',0
'OH YEAH, RIGHT . . . .Honey, does this dress make me look fat?',1
'Now that Hershey's dirty little secret has been exposed, why would anyone buy their candy? I already boycott several name brands due to the conditions in their third world factories. America wants cheap goods. So do I, but not at the expense of poor women and children living in slavery and working in something less than subhuman conditions. I will do without chocolate unless I can verify that it meets "RAISE THE BAR" standards. I will do without the clothing made by underpaid, underfed workers, I will make do without many things and some times I will make a mistake because I am not infallible. I ask others to boycott with me because it works and as compassionate people, we must try. I live on a fixed income, some of you are poor, some of you are upper-middle class and some of you are rich. It doesn't matter because as a nation we have proved that we can overcome any challenge. BOYCOTT HERSHEY PRODUCTS! BOYCOTT HERSHEY PRODUCTS! BOYCOTTHERSHEY PRODUCTS!',1
'More people not doing there job, just taking up space, and really could care less about the people"s loss, The director should be terminated, the buck stops with her.',1
'I don't think they are ROLE MODELS....who gave them that title?? Dr. Drew produced this show to show just how hard things can be..this is not a glorified show. Those commenting...have you ever watched? Do you watch the reunions?',1
'Hi, every body knows republicans are for the rich guys and Democrats are for the Working Man !',1
'Do you wanna dating a biker or have a biker friend?\r\n\r\nPlease bing seek add riders\r\n\r\nit is the place where you can meet someone',0
'I was thinking the same thing about Mike Huckabee....',1
'a',0
'And you have no brain if you vote for Odumber...',1
'Although I was divorced I did have some good years.  Ironically, the good times were when we were not so rich, and things fell apart when we had a lot more money.  My parents had a long marriage, stuck through thick and thin.  His parents were divorced.  I think one's parents have a lot to do with it.  He was quite insecure as a result.  Maybe I felt sorry for him.  There was never a give or take.  We are both good people.  We just do not travel in the same wavelength.  Happily married people or good friends understand each other without having to explain.  The understanding has to be there.',1
'Just sayin', if I made a mistake...or at the wrong time, I would deserve the ticket.  There is no "accidental" speeding 20 mph over the speed limit.  It is your responsibility to know what you're doing when you wield your 2,000+ pound weapon.',1
'You really know nothing of Obumer care or Insurance companies.  Obumer care totally supports the ins companies by retaining the walls between interstate commerce in place.  And on top of that makes 90% of those that will not buy insurance now buy it.  And ins premiums will keep going up.  So Obumer care did nothing for Americans.',1
'Swimming with the fishes can literally lead to swimming with the fishes. Not this time.',1
'I bought one pair of UGG's and was so thoroughly unsatisfied with them vowed to never purchase again. The stiitching around the soles came apart and neither the store I purchased them from nor the UGG company customer website or phone number I contacted  would ever contact me. GUESS THEY REALLY CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS!  If this company goes out of business maybe it will teach other over priced brands your customers are your LIFELINE. Make a good product, don't over price it and if you get a complaint..RESPOND!',1
'No.',1
'Yes and I love them. I have several pair and bought them for my granddaughter.',1
'Hahaha...not even close... and Buckie...if i said "i do" that makes him my ex husband, not ex bf =) you guys are funny =P',1
', no home inspections are not paid for by the seller but you can make them pay to clean up/fix whatever the problem is, or at least reduce your offer to include the price of cleanup on your dime. When i bought my house I had to pay the inspector to come out and look at the property, based on his review I then placed an offer on the house of course at a lower price than what was being asked because of the things brought up in the inspection. This gave the sellers the options to accept the offer or counter the offer by fixing/addressing the problems listed. If I choose not to accept their counter offer I could have walked away and done it again at another property and all it cost me was an inspection that came to $250 ....It is not the sellers job to reaserch your new house it is your job and again when you are paying $36k for a home worth over $100k it becomes a "buyer be ware" situation.',1
'Yeah.......that's why gas has gone up at least $2.00 a gallon since Hussein was elected......let's blame that on Bush too.   You libs just can't face the truth...........',1
'not this america lol, get a clue Laurel',1
'Glad to see your success with your toyota, I think they make great cars.\r\nit's all about how you drive it!\r\n \r\nMy 3.0L lexus has given me 30-31 MPG on the highway before and it was only rated for 28 on the highway.  Granted, it does eat up gas in town (18-22 avg) but it comes down to how heavy your foot is and how you drive in traffic.',1
'The media sucks the most. Be a reporter not gossip.',1
'Well when you look like curious George what the hell do you expect.\r\n \r\nhe's a phucing socialist and half of america is to god damn stupid to see it.',1
'What . . . you all missed the cynicism?  That's Joe!  He'll nail a Republican every time!',1
'I am 51 single mom with a 15 year old son.  I am also disabled my disability is my hands and elbows, and just this past July 1, 2012 after 6 months of begging the lafact ndlord to put handrails on the front porch I had the honor or great misfortune of losing my balance and next thing I know I being care flighted to Dallas TX ( 100 miles to the south of me). I  am the proud ower for life of a plate 7 screws and 3 pins. I was discharge on the 3 the day I get my check. (i had never recived a lease from him) well he up the rent 200.00.  So just as soon as I could fine some one to go to the Dept. of Human Services and turn in the new rent amount, 4 days later my worker called and told me that my food stamps were going from 197.00 to 167.00 because he was going to enclude the eletric in the 200.00 rent jump. I bring in 1018.00 a month for my son and myself to pay everything.  His dad and still my husband had been our life line. Without him I know for a that there would have been many nights without food. To my son and I Jello is a luxuie item that we do not get very often.  MY SON AND MYSELF ARE SICK OF BEANS AND ROMON NOODLES.',1
'Uggs may be the most unsleek looking boot, but they are by far the most comfortable and warm boots around. I debated buying a pari for years...and when I broke down, I realized the truth so many had told me!  I have worn my gray uggs every winter for over 10 years, they are still in great condition, and I definitely got my money's worth!!!!  The fakes don't cut it...',1
'All kitties and doggies are cute. \r\n  \r\nIf you go to Hawaii, and someone says that they need to "go shishi" or "go shi-shi," in Pidgin it refers to the need to urinate/pee. In Japanese, "shi" is the number 4, and "go" is the number 5. So, another way of expressing having to urinate/pee/go in Pidgin is "5-4-4." \r\n  \r\nIn Japanese, I believe the word "Maru" refers to a big ship on the ocean. Any time one sees a Japanese freighter or any other big ship, the name always said "(Name) Maru." \r\n  \r\nI'm not sure what "Shishi" means in Japanese, but in Hawaiian Pidgin/Japanese, "Shishi-Maru" could be interpreted as "Pee Boat." \r\n  \r\nWhen I was a kid, a neighbor couple had a cat named "Sukoshi" which means "little" in Japanese. That's where the expression "A skosh" meaning "A little" comes from. \r\n  \r\nI suppose it's Hawaiian/Japanese trivia day...',1
'Super Tier war saugen an einer Big Fat dick .... Dann die dick öffnete und ihn erfüllt wie ein Tick .... weiter saugen ... Dass lange ... Fett ... schwer .... Lila ... Penis ..... super Tier sucks dick ...',0
'when Isaac hit louisiana, tanker trucks were escorted in to some areas with state patrol escorts, with so many people dependent on the gasoline, shouldn't tankers be given some kind of preferred service just until things get a little bit more normal?\r\n things appear to be getting near the fringe of what people can tolerate.',1
'ahy is scaring, i am gay! hummmm',1
'We slash tires if you don't tip at my restaurant.',1
'Well.. we haven't seen 4-5% interest on liquid savings in a very VERY long time.  about 1991 from the cahrt on Bankrate.',1
'Can you people read the whole article before getting on the bandwagon? The untility company itself said that the story was inaccurate. All of you are giving Republicans a bad name...and now I'm beginning to think it's deserved.  Read everything before you open your fat mouths!!!',1
'I've grown up in South Dakota and people from big cities wouldn't understand why this actually appeals to a lot of the people here. It's a little long winded but I don't think it's that bad.',1
'I know this was in Australia, but if everyone stopped trying to be politically correct all the time, silly things like this wouldn't be a problem. If you really want to stop "intimacy" acts, how about stopping the grinding (a.k.a dry humping) at high school dances? A hug is not inappropriate, but that definitely is.',1
'That should say KEY phrase',1
'Cindy, don’t think I can’t see you down in the sandbox with Brad. ',1
'What a bunch of baloney. It's a "fiscal speed-bump" not a cliff (what a propaganda term!). And if our current economy can't grow without the additional government "borrow and spend", they maybe it SHOULD slow down. If you're sick, you should slow down and rest and get healthy again, not keep taking the Meth.',1
'The one about giving kids glitter and glue guns...hilarious...',0
'Just to be clear, I'm a man, and all men are NOT like the man you described. \r\n  \r\nOne of the things my wife says she loves about me is this -->  When we were dating, and someone would ask if we wanted to go somewhere or do something, I would ALWAYS turn to her and ask what SHE wanted to do BEFORE I RESPONDED. \r\n  \r\nToday, our marriage of 20 years is a TEAM EFFORT.  We share responsibilities, and support eachother when one of us is "down". \r\n  \r\nThe good guys are out there -- we are the GEEKS and NERDS that most women snub.  We know how to treat women respectfully.  We are also the men who will be engineers and "techies" and make lots of money.  Don't discount the geeks!  :)',1
'Gov. Romney was not making light of anything.  If anyone can't/won't acknowledge that and focuses on the analogy itself as opposed to the bigger message i can't account for that.',0
'and after this comment,ya mitt we believe you when you say you care about the middle class people',1
'are you part of the mexican migration',0
'DrFreeloader, sounds like you're in a panic about losing your handouts. You will eventually get used to working after Romney creates the jobs that Obummer couldn't.',1
'Romney is an idiot.  He hasn't anything to do with cleaning up after Super-storm Sandy, yet he's trying to grab glory for something he has no part of.  Romney wants to do away with FEMA, so in essence he is once again being a hypocrite, saying one thing and doing another .',1
'A man was frying fish he caught & handing it out as a treat for parents.',1
'Ummmm...maybe those folks should try a dose of reality....those boots are just too expensive. Especially when that style of boot has been replicated by all other cheap shoe stores.',1
'Click on the SOURCE link and read the entire story.  44 yr old officer.  Definitely dumb and criminally wrong, but quite a bit of information was left out in the MSN article.',1
'they keep you warm but very expensive. i would buy more if the price is right. They simply cost way too much',1
'read his books ,   or ask rev wright',1
'Moment passed?  Go to any college campus and see that they are still alive and very popular.  The problem is, as noted below, that they are too expensive.  Popularity hasn't slowed, just cash flow.',1
'This Is What I Think  Joe the DEAD BEAT DAD won't have a check to garnish any longer..... --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------   Typical Republican..... the check is always in the mail.....',1
'@ RD1984 I speak for Pittsburgh, and we all say you can suck it!',1
'I play D&D and proudly call myself a nerd.',1
'That is not funny at all! Everybody knows weed is best before Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner so we can stuff ourselves with even more food! If you don't believe me, go out and get yourself some high test before feasting and see. Wish people could get their facts straight!  *grins*',1
'Life is so lonely .I am an interracial  and single woman at present .I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on~~~ mixedcenter.c⊙m ~~~under the name of Angle345 … a best place for interracial and friends to get to know each other, establish relationship and talk about their interests, or to help each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for.',0
'Obama is incompetent and it is Easy for a talent like Trump that must lead to manage an empire of real estate like he does. Obama has never done a budget and never managed anything more than his rent check. That is obvious when you see he has never done a budget which he is legally responsible for the country. "Incompetence showing, at every turn but what do you expect from a guy that has never done anything other than campaign. He cannot even find his transcript of where he attended college. He does not know where he was born or if he is legitimately a citizen and has others keeping watch over his personal information so no one finds out anything about him unless he tells it the way he wants it known and it changes from time to time. He has totally failed the United States and will soon have us in World War III with the lack of leadership he is exibiting in Libya. He has bungled a secret Arms deal he was doing with the rebels in Libya and allowed 4 Americans to get killed to cover it up. We are all going to pay dearly if he is re-elected as he continues to allow the debt to grow to an unmanageble state and againd due to his lack of experienced and incompetence.',1
'I'm sure MSN is really disappointed these photos aren't of Romney',0
'If you read the original source, the kid has scarring on his chest from this and is being treated for PTSD. This wasn't some minor event that the parents are blowing out of proportion.',1
'there was NO herricane on the East coast it was a bad Storm \r\nI  wish you dam people would get it straight. \r\nAnd people on the east coast stop F_ _ _ ing crying no one forced you to live close to the ocean  you chose to live there  now pay your own  dam  bills and get on with it  \r\n\',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'I feel nothing',1
'Thank you, for clearing that up for me>',1
'Child labor?  Sounds too nice for what it really is.  Slavery.',1
'O, I'm not trolling idiot.',1
'Considering Obama is worth 13 Million what would you say about him?',1
'Of course President Obama did not respond too quickly to Sandy.  It looks to me as if during this crisis the President has been able to think on his feet and calmly and quickly lead the charge, something most folks are happy to see from our political leaders and government agencies such as FEMA.  Unfortunately, some right wing politicians and supporters would rather see across the board failure in order to to gain poltical advantage. Furthermore, what is truly despicable is that some of these fanatics would go so far as to accept a certain amount of human loss of life in trade for poltical leverage.',1
'He's showing his sissy side.',1
'I traded in my 1995 ford GT  Mustang  with a 5.0 V8 in on a 2010 sanata that only gets about 19 MPG around town with out the air going. My Mustang got 23 around town with the air on, oh well you get what you pay for no more jap cars for me.',1
'Um, if you read the original article the woman wasn't pregnant, it was part of her costume. It's bad enough you are using material from al.com at least get the fact straight. http://blog.al.com/s  ​ potnews/2012/11/hall  ​ oween_hangover_polic  ​ e_say.html',1
'No, swags..he means the ones who got a real education, not indoctrination at the Koch Brothers Summer Hate Camp and Symposium.',1
'I could never be mad or even think of being angry with an animal - my cat definately rules the roost, she just lets us live there to feed & love her & we're very happy to oblige.',1
'@ Dbo\r\n \r\n          She has every right to wear her t-shirt anywere she wants, except with in 100ft. from a polling place. It's the LAW... So Sorry Bob your wrong.\r\n          You should google freedom of speech and read what it says.',1
'TASTELESS!!!!!',1
'just make it agreed by both parties..  just teach kids to ask first..  or just apologise if it was unwanted............  ​',1
'KOO\r\n \r\nBlack baby Jesus?   He was a Jew.  But, if you want him to black, thats ok.  He loves both Democrats and Republicans.',0
'Country has been slowly dying  for years. It started with Garth Brooks and his pop/rock light shows.\r\n \r\nCountry music, R.I.P.',1
'Spent 30 years standing in lines for various things. I don't do lines anymore for anything. If a line is involved I'm out of there. Voted early yesterday just to avoid a line. Scouted the location for two weeks to make sure the line was minimal.',1
'I know a guy, a friend, who turned down work as a pipe fitter for my dad because they were non union.  The starting wage was 25.00/hr, but they didn't contribute to his pension, so he turned it away.  I'd give his name and city, but that wouldn't be fair as a friend.  The company my dad works for may not pay into an employee pension, but they offer good medical and 401k matching.  Union thugs brainwash their members to think Union or the highway.  No wonder we can't fix our infrastructure with that mentality.',1
'And this pertains to this blog HOW????',0
'I bet you go to your job and work for free, just so you can contribute to the well being of all mankind. You work for a profit and the company you work for has to make a profit. Unless your one of those government employees that work very little and get paid too much. Do you only buy made in America products. If not your part of the problem not the solution',0
'I would buy them if they weren't so damn expensive.  I always wanted a pair :(',1
'Who is the Fashion Nazi who says that Ugg boots are ugly?  Are you angry because your own boots or other fashion items are not selling as well?  Do you also possess an ego the size of Greenland, not to mention one that is just as cold as there, too?   You seriously need some help, some good social skills, and some time off of that arrogant, prideful, elitist, egotistical high horse of yours and you need to come back down to planet Earth.',1
'What a moronic interpretation of what Romney said.',1
'George Lucas' morals > Obama's morals \r\n Obama could have easily donated AT LEAST $5,000,000 of SOMEBODY ELSES money. Either his pride got in the way or he really is hiding something.',1
'If a libtard said something flattering about Romney, Obama would appoint him to be the new Libyan ambassador.',0
'psyco b!tch!',1
'Mother Nature doesn't care what you throw in her way...she'll just deal with it like she deals with all of man's foibles...',1
'He's a showoff, braggart, poser, hypocrite, bigmouth piece of trash. This girl either wants to be his prop or maybe she just needs to have her head examined. Timmy Boy TeBLOW ought to just go away.',1
'A source in the Deutsche Bank claims that in 2008 our financial and monetary system completely collapsed and since that time the banking cartels have been "propping up the system" to make it appear as if everything was fine. In reality our stock market and monetary systems are fake; meaning that there is nothing holding them in place except the illusion that they have stabilized since the Stock Market Crash nearly 5 years ago. \r\nThe Deutsche Bank informant says that the cause for the bailout of the banks was a large sum of cash needed quickly to repay China who had purchased large quantities of mortgage-backed securities that went belly-up when the global scam was realized. When China realized that they had been duped into buying worthless securitized loans which would never be repaid, they demanded the actual property instead. The Chinese were prepared to send their "people" to American shores to seize property as allocated to them through the securitized loan contracts. \r\nTo stave this off, the American taxpayers were coerced by former US Treasury Secretary Paulson. During that incident, the US Senate was told emphatically that they had to approve a or else martial law would be implemented immediately. That money was funneled through the Federal Reserve Bank and wired to China, as well as other countries that were demanding repayment for the fraudulent securitizations. \r\nAll the money that those banks claimed they needed to avert collapse was also sent to the Chinese to add to the trillions of dollars lost during the burst of the housing bubble on the global market. \r\nThe only saving grace has been the US dollar being the global reserve currency. However, now this prop is showing signs of wear as foreign nations like China, Russia, India and Iran are dealing in gold as currency and purchasing gold on the market at an exponential rate. Their use of gold as currency which has threatened the direct value of the US dollar as the global reserve currency.  \r\nThe war with Iran has to do with gold, its use as currency and its exposure of the central banking cartel’s lack of gold which defines a fiat currency’s worth. And right now, the US dollar is absolutely worthless. \r\nSince this time, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in conjunction with FEMA and other federal agencies have been quickly working to set in place their directives of control under a silent martial law. \r\nSusanne Posel’',1
'how naive for someone to think that anything is free. obviously he had to pay the price for his wife's "recovery" eh. one would think that his miracle cancer cure would be worth the loss of a leg, small price to pay, a limb for the life of his loved-one. but now he's going to be a petty little man instead of a grateful man of god.',1
'How come all of a sudden khloe is using  kartrashian instead of her married name Odom, that she was using since she got married.  I guess there are some people who don't know who Lamar is.  Don't watch any of those talent shows but pictures of khloe showed up on the computer and from what I could see, both outfits looked horrible on her.  Come on - can't she afford a bra??  Lamar has to be sooooo embarrassed.   Wonder what Kim will do to get attention back to her again.  Why can't they all just go away.',1
'Looks just like him! Reminds me of his Presidency. \r\nClif Judy',0
'Are you going to fight the detention, or just let him serve it without fighting it?\r\nIf it were my son, he wouldn't be serving a detention for something as bas as "GASP" reading in school.',1
'A woman already has a tremdous amount of power in a marriage because of her vagina. Add being the major breadwinner to that equation and you have the makings for a divorce rate that's thru the ROOF! Interesting, that studies have shown that men have a higher percentage of adultery who are married to women who are more educated/higher income.\r\n \r\nMy guess is  it's very demasculating and men try and regain there sense of power in other unfortunate  ways.......sad!!',1
'This is TOTALLY TRUE. Ethanol is a SCAM, which was foisted upon us consumers by the Oil and farm industry to increase sales of what would otherwise by wasted corn by-products that corn farmers couldn't sell. Ethanol LOWERS MPG in every car that uses it. It is a fraud and scam.\r\nWhat angers me, is that is allowed to continue without consumer consent or control.\r\n \r\nOne other thing- despite having lower EPA posted MPG numbers, it IS possible to get much higher gas mileage in every car, You MUST use the right kind of Synthetic oil in the engine and transmission, and watch how you drive in the cities and highways.\r\nNever drive fast up hills, always coast downhill, never drive faster than 55 on the freewways, and you'll get the high MPG's that were promised to you on the sticker.\r\nIt's not that complicated.\r\nAlso, when sitting at a stoplight for more than 30 seconds, turn your car off. It's a waste of gas to let it idle for that long. You waste a gallon of gas for every hour you sit at a light idling your car. That is a proven fact.',1
'The show over all was well put together. However, the sound was terrible all that seamed to come across was the music and non of the words.  I agree that most of the show was focused at the younger generations, rather than the loyal real country fans.  which is why the star such as Reba were not performing in the show.  I'm glad that in the state I live still offers a classic country station for those of us that know country can still listen to them on a quick or long drive.  Thank God we have I heart radio too.',1
'I bet its old people not knowing how touch screens work or pressing the wrong area of the screen.',1
'The world of Internet memes will never be the same. Marty, the adorable feline that inspired the 8-bit sensation Nyan Cat, has died.',1
'No, I was never allowed to attend concerts as a teenager. Smart people, my parents.',1
'The market gained but your portfolio probably had a huge loss today again!!!',0
'maybe you should work at wal mart',1
'beautiful women think they are god and and only go with super rich men. lots of them ignore every1 and some are cool and talk but thats it. better not bother them to much lol. i got news for all the beautiful women, your not perfect and your human too. your poop stinks like the rest of us. your just like any1 else except you face and body might be a little nicer looking.',1
'All men pay for dates in one way or another. I have to have hot wax poured on my gentialia for her to get off. So yes we all pay for dates.',1
'every time i see a pic of her i think of save the whales.  She is a fat worthless piece of crap and all they want is attention and will get it any way they can.  Wish the show would be dropped and the whole family can go away',1
'He needs to just let go, he's acting like an obsessed stalking ex-boyfriend.',1
'Almost any country in the world will pay a much higher and safe interest rate than anywhere in the US. The US is no longer a safe place to put money. Higher returns and lower living costs of 1/3 to 1/2 of the US living costs. This is true as we live overseas and can verify.',0
'our 2011 Ford Escape gets better mpg then it was rated. \r\nthe tests need to be real world not on a track',1
'I know a way to beat it.... don't get one at all... and then you won't have any debt. There !!',1
'What, they haven't eaten all the pigeons yet ???',1
'Like an alcoholic or drug abuser might need multiple times in a rehab or relapse, so often victims of abuse have the same issue.  It is a learned thing.  Victims of abuse so very often were raised in homes of abuse or were sexual abused as children.  It is very often all they know.  They are so use to the chaos, that they do not know what life is without chaos and drama because they have never lived that way.  The other side of the coin is that they simply want to believe that “he will never do it again”, because that is what the abuser promises.  We all “see” things as “we are”; how “we” think.  Step out side of your self and walk in the other persons shoes and see their life and walk a few miles in their entire life, then you might actually see things in a new light.  There is a dynamic, piece of puzzle here that you are missing.',1
'No teleprompter? Oh well, I'll just smile and the idiots will think I'm actually doing something.',1
'One other small fact....more people were on federal aid and food stamps under bush....Factcheck.or  ​ g \r\n And taxes are at all time lows and the stock market is at all time highs.....this is clearly socialism...LMFAO@ this fox news moron who has no clue what socialism even is',1
'I would say a picture is worth a thousand words.',1
'9.57 billion in 1 quarter is still not enough???? Does this mean time to raise gas price so the profit can go back to 10+billion? \r\n\r\nWhy the heck are they still getting huge tax breaks? GO OBAMA!!',1
'What the article fails to address is that women marry up to educated men for one reason only, money.  More education usually means more money.  And more money means they don't have to work after a divorce.  The alimony is an insurance policy women hedge a marriage to a higher educated man.  They want to be taken care of for life, even after a few years of marriage.  Simple fact the female author missed.  Look out for Kristen Wong feminine slant to her articles.',1
'I bet she didn't go to the hospital after the 'rape' either.',1
'You seem to have been able to look at Pres. Obama and Uncle Joe for 4 years after all their failures and guile. I would think you should be able to handle anything by now... And if you really believe all the rhetoric, then I truely feel sorry for you...',1
'Is this one of the dumbest questions ever ? \r\n  \r\nyou bet JURASS..........IC TURTLE.  I need a drink.  UGH',1
'Well kiddies; "does this surprise you??"  Remember, with you taxpayer-funded bailout of GM, you now pay for the GM Union pensions, and cadillac health care plan, while YOU get Obamacare, and "maybe" 401k, and (really maybe) social security!\r\n \r\nAnd they still make schitty cars!!',1
'The key to a successful marriage is putting Yahweh first in your lives.',1
'SURE ...... if the money that is raised is actually given to the people and causes that they are for, and not to pay the ceo, cfo, and all of the other O's that run the "NON PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS."',1
'Better than Aztec smoke signals!',1
'A booger picking contest...',1
'GIVE 'EM HELL, VF!!!',1
'yeah I guess.. your not allowed to try and sway people inside a polling place and even though its just a stupid shirt... this violates the rule that we all have to, and do abide by... she can file her request for an apology right between "dont give a $hit" and "not gonna happen"',1
'Most of Regan's job growth came during this second term.  He also didn't have the same fiscal debt problem that Obama has.  Obama is paying interest on the debt that Regan created.   \r\n  \r\nI do agree that we need address the deficit problem as we're just digging a bigger whole (more taxes AND less spending).',1
'Quit reposting, you Libtard a$$hole...no one cares.',1
'What if his specie becomes extinct?',1
'"Duuuuude . . . . I . . . am . . . . so . . . hungry . . . . .  Don't forget to vote for me"',1
'"Get over it.  I work to live, it is just a job"',1
'"Myth Robme is LOSING Massachusetts his home state, the State he was Governor by 31 Points..... "   But apparently winning in states that are clueless about how useless he is. The "polls" in the central states lean toward Romney but any idiot endorsing a super highway and massive pipeline cutting through their states to make Canada and Texas rich... deserves what they vote for!',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! They met via Bing\r\n [ seek add riders] it is the largest and best club for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.',0
'Unless you vote by absentee or provisional ballot, you have no choice but to trust them.',1
'How is she qualified to judge singing? \r\nJ Lo and Tyler were the best thing that ever happened to Idol. \r\nMariah will be great but Minaj is not professional or qualified. \r\nIdol still gets better talent than all the other singing shows.',1
'No, its thinkingmouth disease.  He doesn't think and so out comes his diseased words.',1
'Thinks, just because the first 3-6 months are rough doesn't mean it's not worthwhile. If you want to be a doctor, you have to put in the time to make it through school first. If you want to be a world class gymnast, you have to suck up a lot of painful injuries and training. These are just examples off the top of my head, but the point is, just because there is a time period where a decision makes your life on the miserable side of things, it doesn't mean that decision won't reward you 100 fold a short time down the road.',1
'^LOL^',1
'Mormons believe all other faiths are an abomination. That is what Mitt Romney thinks about YOU if you are not a Mormon.',1
'Dont forget to write her up for destribting to a minor. As well as child endangerment.',1
'there is any foreign country offer as a help or they need are help to solve there problems all the time',1
'Millie, call us.\r\n \r\n-porn',1
'Clinton had that same look.\r\n \r\n-M Lewinsky',1
'I'm glad to see you admit you we're out of line. I therefore take back everything I said....everything. Have a nice day. P.S. I'm decompressing after a difficult day at work myself, sometimes I take the chance to diffuse via "creative writing"....but only if I feel it's deserved.',1
'Well I invite you to wach a video ( gentelman coreano in Mexico ) where a corean supervisor chase kicking a employee in a plat in Queretro  Mexico abuse a employee because he make a mistake the video is posted in hazmelechingadofavor  ​ .com , I own Samsung appliances I was waiting to buy a Samsung Note but this video make me upset , no employee from any global company must be abuse, exploit or loose their job for asking respect , I will hold Samsung accountable let see what they do.  Salazararturo50@yaho  ​ o.com Elpoderlatinotexmex Facebook',1
'That is 40th. time you said that to me.',1
'We are not talking about Libya. You are so off topic. Take your hatred someplace else.',1
'Gov. Christie told you where it is. What more do you want?',1
'At least the 55 year old whopper doesn't have to worry about social security.',1
'i love Uggs and they are so comfy and warm, they are just making them to expensive now a days, if the prices drop a good amount i would most deff buy them again.',1
'Myth #4:  Since global warming occurred before we invented SUVs, it can't be caused by man-made CO2.\r\n\r\nFACT: This myth sounds compelling and is among the most common myths, but it's really just a garden-variety logical fallacy.\r\n\r\nP->Q =/=> ¬P->¬Q\r\n(P implies Q) does not imply (not P implies not Q)\r\nThat one thing (P) causes another (Q) doesn't imply other things can't cause it (Q)  as well.  Somebody else posted a good analogy.  If you see one guy in a cast, who broke his leg playing baseball, do you assume that every guy in a cast must have broken his leg in baseball.  If you see another guy who broke his leg climbing a ladder does it disprove that the first guy broke his leg playing baseball?',1
'Les Stroud does not travel with a safety crew, he does not travel with a camera man, dont get me wrong, Bear is a bad azz, but Les does the show for real, and he has to film it. Bear runs around with his hands free, with his safety and cameras crews in tow....  Les has a walkie talkie and a camera. Bear is Extreme, how many people would squeeze camel stomach contents for a drink of water? Not many. Who is still doing survival show?',0
'Crap. I was actually going to attend this fair with my boyfriend. :s I'm deeply embarrassed and ashamed on behalf of all the wonderful NM cops who keep this state safer. This guy is a tool and needs to be fired. This is one mistake no one should be allowed to make.',1
'MY SUGGESTION FOR ARMY. MOVE ! I live in Pa. Pensions and SS are exempt from state and county tax. So is your 401K after 591/2. The only problem is the Fed. I fired all financial advisors as soon as i retired as they are pocket pickers. I do very well with dividend only stocks. No personel insurance either. If my adult children can't manage their expenses it is not my place to pay ther bills (excluding hardships beyond their control)',1
'You should have a brain scan to see if the Romney waves have given you Romnesia. Better check it quick before you turn into a Rombie!!! MARKET IS HEADING UP.',1
'Ryan, you're an indolent freak that knows nothing about budgets, but presents an imaginary front of wisdom to all the citizens and the fools in the House of Representative that you lead so well, you are the head guru of the worthless Tea Party. You are pushing our country closer and closer to the greatest deepest Cliff.You only know distorted political policies very well for the benefit of the rich, you burst your lungs with the lies you produced in the House of Representative giving these speeches about how to annihilating the old, and later will hurt the younger people by taking their Medicare away in the notorious Vouchers replacements trick. Also trying to change the present Social Security to “Privatization”, transferring those billions of dollars presently in “Secure Government Funds” to Large Banks, Money Lending Institutions, and “Private Investor Groups”, if the Stock Market were to crash any time in the future! The money will just disappeared in the pockets of all last mentioned institutions. You, like Mr. Romney, thinks that the 47% of our best citizens are worthless. These 47%, they are the ones you both want to take everything away from them, while they are trying hard to recover from the Bush destructive years in power. If you both by a misfortune and stupidity of the American people get both of in the White House, you both will destroy America as we know it! Keep thinking no one, but the rich deserves all the millions of dollars, all the food, all the houses, all the comforts of living, home car elevators, all the health insurance, all that obtained from the sweats of the middle class presently working for you now!! Ryan, you keep  attending Congress, while you also running for VP, and sleep there all day, besides voting against every Bill to abuse the American citizens that you both call the 47%, and the rest of the 53% you are screwing-up also! Mr. Ryan, people/women are criticizing you because enjoying showing your muscles, and taking athletic poses during you lousy speeches. To many of us, you eyes face looks like the night owl my grandfather kept, the poor bird flew away into the unknown, never to return! You should do the same! You have the Hercules verbal, and mental complex, the gift and ability to lie to anyone that wants to listen to all the junk that comes out of your mouth, needing daily wash with cleaning fluids to sterilize your mouth from perpetually telling, and propagating political policies full of lies to the decent American people all around you!',0
'MirageGuy   Obama is more economically clueless than Carter was.  --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ----------------   But Bloomburg isn't....... Tell me again...... who's he supporting this election??',1
'This wo man is so F'in ugly! Similar to some goofy cartoon character!',1
'All pathetic, psychotic, braindead right wing radical cracked teanut dopes should listen to your leaders. They warned you about the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evading draft dodger during the primaries when they were able to tell he truth about this moron.  \r\nLyin Willardo, the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evader, bankrupter, draft dodger, job outsourcer and Etch A Sketch Champion may have vision of going back home to Mexico.  \r\nAll braindead pathetic right wing radical cracked teanuts should listen to your leaders.  \r\nRick the Dick Santarium has brainwashed his followers, the evangelicals and the gay rapist, pedophile catholic priests that lyin' Willardo is a member of an evil cult and is the anti-christ. He also told them that lyin Willardo is the worst person in history to ever run for the presidency, can't be trusted and will destroy our country. Groper Nutquist, the boss of the right wing cracked teanuts and Nut Gingerhead, the criminal lobbyist, totally agreed with the last three assessments.  \r\nSo most of the evangelical sheep will probably stay home on election day or some may even vote for Obama. They are totally scared to death of lyin Willardo, the Mexican Mormon Moron tax evader, bankrupter, job outsourcer, draft dodger and Etch A Sketch champion.  \r\nIf this repuke draft dodger ever became president, and war broke out in the middle east, he will be putting his dog on the top of his car and fleeing to his birthplace in Tijuana and hide in one of his 4 grandmammy's (pappy's side only) outhouses.',0
'and the cockroaches will survive',1
'Government and rush shouldn't ever be used in the same sentence.',1
'1',0
'I said what?!....MALARKEY!',1
'A new controversy for Mitt Romney......Romney Made a Fortune Off of Extorted Delphi Government Ransom Payment \r\n  You wouldn't know it from the way Paul Ryan has been championing retired non-union workers of Delphi Auto, but his potential boss – Mitt Romney – made a mint off of a hedge fund investment that sent most of Delphi's job overseas and hedge fund principals who blackmailed the government into a huge payoff. \r\n Greg Palast has detailed the ugly story on Truthout (reposted from the Nation). It is also the topic of a United Automobile Workers' (UAW) news conference in Toledo, Ohio, today, as exclusively revealed in a BuzzFlash at Truthout piece by Palast, "UAW Charges Romney With Profiteering From Auto Bailout." \r\n Ryan is claiming to be upset  that former non-union Delphi workers are not getting full pensions,   which is grotesquely ironic considering Romney made a career of pension destruction that was part of his vulture capitalism formula.  Remember also that -- which is Palast's point about Delphi -- the Romneys are still earning more than some 20 million a year in their "retirement" based in large part on investments in firms that cannibalize industry and workers. \r\n Romney's likely multi-million dollar profit is hidden in Ann Romney's so-called "blind trust." In 1994, when Romney ran unsuccessfully against Ted Kennedy for the Senate, Mitt declared:  “The blind trust is an age-old ruse.”   \r\n Did Mitt Romney Break the Law by Failing to Disclose Delphi Investments? \r\n http://truth-out.org  ​ /buzzflash/commentar  ​ y/item/17617-romney-  ​ made-a-fortune-off-o  ​ f-extorted-delphi-go  ​ vernment-ransom-paym  ​ ent-tell-paul-ryan',1
'Oh well, if I lose, I'll just blame Bush!',1
'Ask Romney at least they have a job.',1
'I really think it is all the hot air from the BS boys. Al Gore is as full of it as Obama',1
'No shark will ever come near me......I keep my feet on dry land!',1
'I am for the Dems. everybody knows that but if I  were a Repub. I would not support Romney. \r\n He does not have the balls to stand for anything.  He has done more acting then Ronald Reagan.',1
'I can see this guys Anniversary card now.  \r\nDear Wife,  \r\n"I would never advise anyone to do the awful thing I did 15yrs ago when I said I do to you." But I will let you know this...I will hang in there until one of us dies because divorce is worse. I will promise you one thing my wife. I will never do this type of thing ever again as I have signed the card in blood to prove my seriousness in this matter. This joining of hands has also made me advise all of my friends against tying the knot so don't underestimate your power to instill pure sadness and frustration in your partner. For our anniversary dinner tonight "I'm thinkin Arby's".',1
'No Brainer! This just gives the Republican'ts something to hand their oil soaked hats on!',1
'if this report is true then shame on us. america is in trouble and people are offering help, no questions asked but some overblown fat cat decides that non-union help is not acceptable.someday the fat cat will need help and i hope his actions come back to haunt him.just suppose something does occur in december this year that devastates the world, we will all need to pull together just to stay alive,maybe.i hope i can help someone,union member or not.thank you all of my friends who remember woodstock.',1
'I think that it’s a father listing to his daughter’s progress on a project that would put any father in a natural high  Just because your brain is cooked doesn’t mean everyone’s is baked; wake up and do something with your life other than baking your brain in front of your kids',1
'I would b willing to bet he is a Democrat............  ​ he will now become one of the 47% that will sponge off the taxpayers (you know, the folks that actually built their businesses or have worked all their lives).',0
'Yes, with out a doubt. Science has been warning us for two decades that climate change is coming. Climate naturally changes slowly, unless something catastrophic occurs. Man has been accelerating climate since the industrial revolution, and it will only get worse unless we limit emissions.',0
'Amen.',1
'Zombies can get pregnant? I've heard of two baggers before but come on!',1
'OMG, Mittnocchio is so rearded i can't believe it!  This is another example and clarification of how truly out of touch he is with everyday REAL hard  Americans.',0
'That's absolutely disgusting.',0
'Money versus children.  Hershey will phase out of the child-slavery business by 2020?  How forward thinking of them.\r\nIf you are a Hershey exec, and if this thing is true, end it now and charge 50 cents more for a candy bar.  Put a label on the bar that it was produced without child slavery.  I'll buy THAT candy bar every time. Unless you lie about that too.\r\n \r\nI don't believe posts, the news, Twitter, Facebook, the New York Post or Fox News or MSNBC.  I beieve in actions.',0
'Nobody forced them to go public.  Every investor / owner has the right to be sure the company they are investing in is operating in a manner they approve. \r\n  \r\nIf Hershey didn't hide their supply practices, they wouldn't be sued.',1
'I would certainly hope that those who have not yet voted do not vote for the re-election of president obama simply based on one storm and his actions that any President would take. \r\n  \r\nShowing up in N.J. and having Governor Christy slobber all over him like a dog would slobber over a hunk of red meat was sickening.  Just what did president obama accomplish besides take a tour and smile for the cameras. \r\n  \r\nFEMA is the agency that will make the difference not the President.',1
'musiclover88........  ​ ..................th  ​ ink.  What is the American Bar Association?  What is a Republic as in the Republic Of Rome?  Templars who used God's trinkets to build a Republic of Bankers who then used those trinkets to lend money to Pilgrims migrating back to Jerusalem, did so at a profit--thus there was no propheteering but profiteering.  The U.S is in debt by consumption made easy through lending with the expectation of repayment--this is against the very Evangelicals (Mark, Mathew Luke and John) by which the very Constantine Bible disavows, yet the Vattican got rich lending money accrued by the tithing plate...............  ​ ........the use of the temple for commerce and the erection of false icons before God is the Free Mason's rite.  This is not the time for lessons of mankind's fall from grace.  This is the time to listen to your heart where God resides in the good men who put aside their thoughts of sin and live in the moment for God.  People matter..............  ​ ..........everything  ​  else is semantical for the lawyers and false prophets to make money adjudicating.  Right now, lives dangle on the vine................  ​ ...winter and cold and starvation and death is knocking everywhere.  Now is the time to Unionize as Moses unionized the Jews who were led to freedom by one of the Pharaoh's own.................  ​ .............Moses.  Moses was the first Union Organizer and he did so at a great cost to himself.  Pharaohs and Kings and Emporers cannot enslave a soul if there is none to pull their blocks of arrogance and egotism!',1
'I am in agreement with this article, but especially about housing.\r\n\r\n When my husband and I were younger and he was retiring from the Navy we chose the cheapest, smallest home in a very nice subdivision. \r\n\r\nWhen we bought our home the sales price was all the money in the world. There was even a short period of time that he and I were both unemployed! We went without a lot of things during that period.\r\n\r\nFast forward 17 years and we'll soon own this great home. We were able to provide our son with a comfortable, safe home in a good neighborhood and access to good schools and great teachers.\r\n\r\n Ours was the house that all the kids came to after school which is priceless now that I look back on the fun we had when he was small.\r\n\r\nI grew up in an NYC housing project and know all too well the issues surrounding growing up in an unsafe, violent environment. Carrying pepper spray and a switchblade at 12 wasn't what I wanted for my child.',1
'Nope.  I wouldn't accept anything from a stranger anywhere.',1
'You know the old saying: \r\nI've never had a "ten",  but once had 5 "two's"......LOL',1
'Think or hope?',1
'Honesty, trust, compromise, communication & HUMOR! We LAUGH everyday! 20+ years!',1
'Even cartoon dogs find Meat Romney distasteful! Probably because they smell the stench of fear on him from his own poor dog.',1
'You can have your little import gas sniffers, I'll keep my 2002 Buick Regal that still gets 28mpg on the road and 21 mpg around town. I traded in a Toyota Avalon that didn't do THAT good.',1
'OMG!!!!   A hug related injury??????  Lets see,  being nice?  being supportive?',1
'What's the problem...I got a Heath plan, pension and a job at least for a few more months..',1
'Knock, Knock. Who's There? LAND SHARK!!!',1
'I haven't bought boots since UGG AUSTRALIAN started being made in CHINA. I'm not paying $150 for boots made in China. Sorry, UGG! OH, and people are poor thanks to our Spender in Chief.',1
'Don't make any quick decisions. In the big picture of things, disagreements are not that important and frequently ephemeral.',1
'went with the galaxy three,ten times better phone,got tired of apples over priced garbage',1
'VERY',1
'Good luck with that ;tickets generate revenue; helps to offset goon squad's toy  budget.tickets are mandatory where I live.more $$$$ = more fat dognut eatin cops!!!!!',1
'Bunch of crooks.',1
'Lol. He does!',1
'Too bad Sandy didn't take Jubak out to sea!',0
'Where can i get the DVD copy at? \r\nShe's hot, i would do her!',0
'Guess Mitt's plan didn't go as expected!\r\n\r\n\r\n"A private equity company run by fervent supporters of Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney bought the third-largest voting machine company in the country last July.\r\n \r\nH.I.G. Capital is a Miami-based private equity fund that manages $8.5 billion in capital. Hart Intercivic is a company exclusively in the business of manufacturing and programming voting systems. \r\nH.I.G. Capital's co-founder, Anthony Tamer, previously worked at Bain & Company. Eight of the company's managing directors came from Bain as well. H.I.G.'s directors have collectively given so much money to Romney that their company is the sixth biggest contributor to the Romney campaign.\r\n    \r\n\r\n \r\nOne of the jurisdictions with Hart Intercivic equipment is Hamilton County -- which includes Cincinnati, the third-largest city in the hotly contested swing state of Ohio."',1
'Samsung should've taken their fight with Apple to Mehico.  Where Judges don't get giddy with big Corps.',1
'So lame trump.  if you're going to write a remark like that, atleast take the time to make it witty.',1
'there should be additional fines for people driving like ego maniacs and expecting to get 35 MPG with the pedal pushed to the floor.\r\n \r\nOh wait, you did get fined.  Your still stupid and your paying for it at the pump.  Problem solved, karma is a bitch!',1
'I guess after she passes, her heirs can post pictures of hurricane victims dancing on her grave.',1
'Gee imagine someone wanting to talk about spending money as a family unit. What was he thinking',1
'" complaints from parents of kids sustaining hug-related injuries."  \r\nHow can anyone not laugh at that?',1
'This article and Fidelity's formula discussed in it are precisely what is wrong in America today. To even suggest that in order to be comfortable in retirement one must save up 8 times one's final anual pay is so far out of touch with most Americans that it would be laughable if it weren't so disgusting. But does anyone really care? Of course not, and more than likely this is just some number that Fidelity has drummed up in order to get more Americans thinking of investing their money (in Fidelity funds of course). \r\n8 times one's final anual pay...geez. For what it's worth, I earn almost $100,000 a year and I will be lucky if I have saved up $100,000 by the time I retire (if I ever even can).',1
'Yeah they were doing that to my lettuce and parsley all summer. Phuckers.',1
'Thank You Officer for your service. I truly wish people would say that more often to Law Enforcement Personnel.',1
'If Mr. Hershey was alive, I'm sure his head would be spinning.  It is an absolute shame that a U.S company could use child labor especially when Americans complain how parents treat their childern here.  You always read articles about how this parent spanked their child in public or this poor child doesn't have this and that.  We're concerned about children here but not concerned about children in other countries?  A child is a child to me regardless of where they are. They should be in school and enjoying being a child. How about Hershey try to find a way to grow cocoa trees here in a monitored environment that closely resembles climate conditions in Africa?  I mean, we're trying to grow everything else in a lab, why not trees?  Why not try to be dependent upon ourselves rather than dependent on other countries?  I refuse to buy anything else made by Hershey!',1
'Well, it happens in the US, too. My son got in trouble for the same thing........ridicul  ​ ous!',1
'Endeavor, \r\n The Romney Retirement Program for Poor Seniors is the     "Soylent Green Program"',1
'How can my 2002 Corvette ZO6 get much better gas mileage than my medium sized SUV with a six cylinder engine?',1
'Mitt says something dumb and you libs are all over it calling names and saying vicious things but are perfectly willing to have Joe Biden be president.. He says stupid offensive things every day(never reported here though). \r\nLiberals are selfish and only want what they want today and don't care about what may happen tomorrow or later down the road. They certainly don't care what kind of a nation their kids and grandkids will inherit.',1
'Price and buzz factor are the top two reasons I go by when it comes to guzzling beer, with taste a distant fourth behind fill factor. I wish Armageddon brew was available in the US.',1
'Cee Lo's a tough looking guy, but you didn't used to hear anything bad about him until this spate of accusations.  I say innocent until proven guilty ... oh ... and always travel with a reliable witness.',1
'Yep.',1
'I think Homer would be a better endorsement. After all he's ignorant and stupid like most of the Romney backers and would think everything is going to be "just Ducky" in 4 years, after all he HAS A PLAN.  A secret plan which he will tell no one about.  What a fraud!!!!',1
'hypocrisyatbest...No  ​ ...I think anyone who uses the word "retarded" is an insensitive a**hole. The problem is that I only see it used by Romney opponents. By the way... if your going to chime in with your opinion, try to make it original without verbatim responses.',1
'The days of someone simply graduating college with any degree and expect to replicate these old-timer career paths is OVER, DONE, FINISHED, NO MORE.  Stop disillusioning your kids with your stories of how it used to be.  Today's world is about quantitative and specialized skills.  If your child does not pursue a degree in engineering, science, medicine, accounting, finance, and the like, their chance of being able to obtain a comfortable middle class life is greatly diminished.  People on here post how they're making $100k per year now, but how long did that take?  20 years?  25 years?  30 years?  Hey, it's almost time to retire!  Professional degree holders can do it in about 10-15 years after college.  THIS is the new reality and continue to be even more so.  Asians and Indians know this.  It's not that these people are taking over our jobs, but rather, companies need these skills and our kids don't have it.',1
'The story is being trumpeted by the conservative media and has caused an uproar online. But it's inaccurate.\r\n \r\nBut its NOT untrue is it???   Nice try.  There's real paperwork out there that some workers were given, so its only a matter of time before MSN has to walk this one back too....',1
'A toothbrush... It was my last time trick or treating (I was 12) and on my way to work in a haunted house fund-raiser.  We stopped at just one house, since we were in costume.  It was a dentist's home.  Irony.',1
'Really?\r\nWhat a stupid question . . .',1
'Also, I'm not saying they are great looking items, just noting that somehow they are still popular.  I cannot wait for the day that I quit seeing women in leggings and boots.',1
'Really sick to death of all the reports of cops tasering people that don't need it. They killed a 110 lb 17 year old kid in my town that was like a son to me. His birth mom sued and LOST.  Apparently 4 cops with tasers on one kid that was vomiting and then unconcious (and then brain-dead) before they stopped was "within reason". What was the kid doing? Standing on a street corner holding his bible and yelling for Jesus. Those cops knew the kid and his dad, knew he had problems and decided to get him out of their way for good. Murder, pure and simple. I think they should take away the tasers and give the police their guns. You didn't hear that much about cops shooting unnecessarily before tasers. \r\nWhat would I have done? The same as FTEE and Daniel D.',1
'Who in their right mind want an AK or and AR for home protection? That is the lamest thing I have ever heard.',0
'Amen to both Randy & Alyssa's comments...I agree 100% of what both have said. These young teens, early 20 something's just don't know real life which makes good country songs. Let them stay with the pop rock stuff. You know what they say, "got a have a fiddle in the band." And a steel guitar! And others; just NO KIDS....especially ones that can't sing; that can only talk while music plays in the background.',1
'Dont believe the story',0
'A real wack job that unfortunately represents a party that actually has some ideas, no matter how radical, could help this country get back on its feet. Having her as a point person was a big mistake!',0
'dope! that's your big liberal govt agenda in the way!\r\nyou vote and support that! you liberal dope!',1
'never grew a taste for beer or alchaol. i guess thas why i am the designated driver champ. lol',1
'take your cheap A$$ to jack in box',1
'Reese's Pieces,Sniker's,3Mus  ​ keteers,PayDay candy bar,M&M's,M&M's with the peanuts inside of the M&M's,Butterfinger candy bar,& the Crunch candy bar.',1
'HA HA HA HA he is an idiot genius.. When he gets all the insurance money and a huge interest free loan he will be laughing all the way to the bank..',1
'As long as you stay to the right, katwoman, you'll get no argument from me.',1
'.You are a complete ****ing moron. Hope you are the next meal..',1
'I got a ticket once and went to court.  I was towards the end of the line so I got to see what everyone else said to the Judge.  Everyone had excuses or lied about their driving records....all go points and fines.  So, when the Judge asked me if I had anything to say, I said "No Sir".  I got probation before judgment.  I can't remember if I had to pay the fine and court costs or just court costs, but it was definitely worth it.  The officers take notes at the time of the offense and will tell the Court if a driver was argumentative at the time of the ticket.  Just be honest and humble.',1
'Missing winter !',1
'yeah so what',0
'You asked me to tell you more about what I don't know - I don't know why you felt like you just had to respond to my comment. I don't give a sh!t what Willard wants. It's just a comment thread douchebag.',1
'Depends on the country! Individual from most south american countries are way more mature than other countries.  However, 16 is a little young.  I think 18 would be fine.  and 25 years of age for USA.',1
'No Doubt there Kim Zee.... Because I definitely do not understand, going back to a an abusive situation let alone staying.',1
'The asst. manager was our server and the service was rotten, slow and indifferent.  Our food was given to another table and we did not get an apology.  My wife wanted to just leave but I insisted on giving them a chance to make up for the errors & poor svs. The check was $27 and I left  27 cents and posted my experience on the restaurant web site.',1
'The irony is link between education and income. Money won't raise your children or "buy you love" - Beatles. Its a fool who thinks it will make them happy.',1
'"Stocks slide despite good jobs data" \r\n Translation; \r\n   "Investors Open Eyes, In Spite of the Lies"',1
'Jealous of what??? Scum of the earth.... Ha.... I never had a jealous bone in my body.... Envious of my life Maggie.... 2 Boats, 3 Motorcycles, 2 Trucks, 3 cars, 2 houses, 5 dogs, Money in the bank...... More than 250,000 saved for Retirement.... Everything owned.... And all it took to build it was an education.... Sucks for you and beast... His house looks ultimately white trash just like the way you sound',0
'u?',1
'Yea see that's not what I got out of this article/Post.  \r\nit's all about Perception...',1
'returd',1
'You mean Matt Groening's non-endorsement/Obam  ​ a endoresement?  Sure.  If i were an Obama supporter.',0
'self like',1
'I don't care about a caption.  IMO it just makes him look like a real, normal guy.  I like the pic.',1
'The headline is missleading. iFone isn't a phone, it's the name of a company that provides IP communication services, iFone doesn't sell cell phones. \r\n  \r\niFone suited Apple in retaliation, because Apple suited iFone first and caused a lot of legal costs.',1
'Caption it: arrogant, unengaged and probably stoned.',1
'I always love the "emotional and psychological damage" claims.  I could see it if you were held hostage and tortured or something to that effect. Or some other criminal physical attack/abuse.   But from having to explain to fans???  You have a screw loose to begin with if something like that has caused you "emotional and psychological damage".',1
'The Tip line looks like it was penned by a different person than that of of note at the bottom?',1
'You "Get a CarFax" believers are so naive. A CarFax report is no guarantee that any and all damage will be listed. The flaw is the vehicle in question has to have the damage reported to the insurance company to get reported on CarFax. CarFax offers no guarantee that their information is correct and will not cover you if the information they supply is wrong. All you get is a warm fuzzy feeling. Get any used car inspected by a professional that you trust. A CarFax report is not a substitute. Any good dealer will be happy to allow this inspection. If not keep looking.',1
'Wellsboro Baptist Church = Brentwood Satanic Church isn't a Christian group, this group is like the crazy folks who protest at military funerals and other idiotic protests.  These folks are just like David Koresh, and Jim Jones, they try to contort God and religion into evilness because these folks ABSOLUTELY DO NOT follow the teaching of Jesus Christ or God the father!!!',1
'Just a wee bit ostentacious, dontcha think?',1
'Could you please reply again Wooky?  In English this time please...',1
'i dont seem any glamour but who cares if she has her picture taken. america, time to put on  your big boy pants and stop being offended by everything. get over it.',1
'Sounds like an MSN reporter "plant".',1
'If we don't get the "failures" out of office this country is GONE.     \r\n  \r\nBusiness and people that can create jobs are holding back because of those in office now.   If you think it is bad now if these clowns get 4 more years who knows how bad it can be.   He want's $8 a gallon gas and it will happen if he's re elected.',1
'By this time, Bush was being called a racist for not having Katrina cleaned up.   I don't see the media bashing Obama for still having people stranded.',1
'Not funny, mama',1
'now if weed was legal he would most likely still be alive',1
'iHype',1
'there are always caviats when you want to help a liberal entity - for one reason or another you will never be good enough to handle their action not even on their dying bed...........my advice.........go home and in the words of Marie Antoinette........le  ​ t em eat cake!',1
'Who gives a sh*t.  The person who wrote this article is tasteless for even bringing such a dumb a$$ story to life.',1
'Hey Laurel......seems to be that somebody on here with numerous screen names that likes to stalk women and has been called  out on it is having a fit because his 'game' is up.....I am posting the two above so that Crimson can see them as well.......pretty sad state of affairs on here that folks cannot come on here, read the stories and post opinions with some friendly banter back and forth without some predator coming along or some long winded racist spewing hatred all over the place.....very disappointing...how have you been Laurel?',1
'another talentless artist putting out sh*t music... great !',1
'Yes, it's become too much of a money making event and been commercialized to death!',1
'Well Chris, what a big fat shame this is that you cannot intellectually come to battle you have to resort to low life tactics such as this.  Why post Superb Beast's address....why not just go and pay him a visit?  What's the matter afraid he'll hand you your A$$ like he does on these postings????',1
'when will you communist psychopaths get off your fat azz and do what MITT did to get to where he is now instead of being JEALOUS.....then you can give away all that money......which you would never do! \r\n  \r\n  \r\nSO STFU',0
'I actually like this show my wife was watching on a Sunday night and i liked it ??????',1
'Its a drag because his MOTTO of hope and change was an utter failure... Now its forward and thats failing too...We dont need Hope and Change in America.... We need Jobs that produce change and dollars..... We all know you would rather be sitting on your a$$ or playing golf all day than to have to do your homework...... I wonder what Kind of people accept a leader like this????? Maybe Losers who also sit on their a$$es all day....Lead by example....',0
'You do realize the Cocoa does not grow anywhere in the US and I do mean anywhere. The places it grows are either known for Drug production or do not have anything resembliing labor laws. \r\n \r\nAs for Republican loving this, that is just Democrat propaganda. Remember Republicans ended slavery in the US.',1
'Well, first..glad he survived and admiration to him for thinking on his...um board..to hit the shark where they are very sensitive.  I suspect he read somewhere the only real chance you have is to hit them in the head area.  I read somewhere it was the nose.  Had to be the most scary moment of his life!  Too bad you have to worry about being kelled by a creature while enjoying your sport!  Surfers know this however and do it anyway.  I know, I was a surfer for years in my younger days and decided to keep doing it and to chance it.  Thats how I knew about supposedly what to do to best fend off a shark.  Never had to though!  This guy did so good for his presence.  I'm impressed!  Who wouldn't be?  Bet he's back surfing as soon as he heals!  I would have been.  Hopefully sharks are like lighting!  Never strike twice?  Hope not...at least to sam guy!',0
'What's funny is that you're both right.',1
'"I cant believe I've done absolutely nothing of value for the past 4 years and yet I can still talk these idiots into voting for me."',0
'"Newly released census microdata"...LOL\r\n \r\nNo worries ladies...with me you'll get a bonafide couch potato who demands dinner promptly at six, that you work hard to provide for the lifestyle that I 'need to be' accustomed too (I'll analyse that at a later date)...and for you you will receive the following:\r\n \r\n a nice big dick and a good 'bend over' plowin' to let you know who be runnin' things...\r\n \r\nLOL!',0
'Heartless Bastards and Wussy are splinter groups withing the two main parties.',1
'To bad you don't know what you are talking about!! Must be a Republican thing!! Union members DO A BETTER JOB! YES WE DO!! Because we are trained better!!\r\nWhat we want is a knowledge, when we work on something as dangerous as downed Power Systems, underground & Overhead, We want to know the people working with us have an equal understanding and awareness of the system conditions. There isn't that comfortably when working with partially or circumspect trained individuals from NOn Union Utility Companies. Try walking in our boots before you cast aspersions you know nothing about. We also like to opportunity to know we will have the chance at going home to our families after the disaster is over. \r\nAnd No I don't BELIEVE in what you are professing as it is untrue and cast out by another Republican no nothing!',0
'God those things are ugly.\r\n \r\n-crocs',1
'ya..me..when waiting for my doctor!!',1
'Sleep deprivation.',1
'Although many will say tasteless today, she stands a very good chance of making money because she dared to be selfish, after-all, look at the other idiots we place on pedestals who become millionaires. In a way we have to blame ourselves, (the public) for this type of behavior............  ​ ..................',1
'HEY, MO!',1
'god',0
'Be a pretty women with big breasts.....',1
'He should be sued personally as well as the department. Also,he should be fired.',1
'I have heard from a good source that the media is culpable on the cover-up and will go down. They were accessories to the crime and all guilty will be held accountable.',1
'Superb.  Eyes are windows to the soul after all.',1
'I see a lot....but ...what I see is all from folks who have "opinions".. I have raised 2 WOLVES..have let a wild BEAR and a wild COYOTE out of traps..and had the darn animals get out about 15 feet and turn to me as if to say thank you.. Animals do understand a lot more than you think. When I was a kid on  Staten Island..a woman raised a BLACK LEOPARD... The City made her give it up - and it wound up in the ZOO.. Every week-end she could -- that gal would lay in that cage with her big cat...Never a problem. I got to meet the CAT several times..and it was a doll...\r\nMy WOLVES were never a problem either...they lived their lives out just fine...and..shared the  couch with the Cat and I... Looking for another WOLF now.....',1
'VL , as your  back up , you can always practice " Welcome to Walmart" and smile.',1
'What a troll, you're probably some 35 year old that's still suckin' on mamas titty, if not not on moms then definitely on the government titty. get a life.  you keep on throwing out there that people are defending rape? what a piece of trash!',1
'November 6th - America's new Independence Day after Romney Wins !',1
'Chloe732, as much I like both of those brands,  you are correct! The North Face/Ugg ensemble is the uniform for the tweens and thirtysomething moms, trying to keep up with their kids. Visit the Somerset Collection in Troy, MI on any given Saturday and see the walking ads. LOL!',1
'First of all you don't get "hauled into court" for getting caught working non union when you are a dues paying member. You sign a contract stating that all work you do will be under a union contract and you will not do anything to compromise the integrity of the union. So if  your buddy got caught working non union while carrying a dues receipt he would have charges filed and asked to go in front of the Examining Board which is a panel of other workers like himself to hear the charges and decide if he is guilty / innocent / or partially guilty. Nobody is going to court. you are saying stuff about things you don't even have a firm grasp on. Who are you to spread lies and spread bias opinions? I am on an Examining Board. I know what I'm talking about. DO YOU?',1
'No big deal.',1
'Just wait until your family is in a bad situation and you are made to watch them suffer, then you would beg for help from the people around you.  However, those are like you would just turn their head and walk away - it does not concern them.',1
'YOU CLEARLY DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU ARE SAYING, THE SHIRT DOSE NOT SAY ANY CANDIDATE NAME, BOTH CANDIDATES OPPOSE THE TEACHING OF THE BIBLE\r\n \r\nRomney believe is that blacks can't go to a heaven and have no soul, that not in the bible; Obama think its is okay to lay with man, again against the bible.',1
'You my friend, are quite delusional.',1
'The price is way out of line for the quality of the product. they look like wall mart shoes.',1
'A good friend of mine, former Police Chief in a California city in the L.A. area, once explained to me that you almost can never talk your way out of a ticket from a motorcycle cop. Traffic is all they do. \r\n \r\nThose in cars deal with a much wider variety of law enforcement issues and are more likely to be a little more flexible.',1
'how do u replace a child,,they need to be fined and their licence reviewed befor they have the right to shelter our chldren',1
'OMG CK your are brutal today LOL!!!  Hannibal sure was intelligent just a sick and twisted screw ball that is for sure.  Yes, I have to agree with you Mr. Deemed sure is the most Aryan of the bunch.....he is quite in your face with his racism, no doubt about that...and not that I agree with that, I DON"T, but what I'll give him is he is out in the open about it and never felt the need to run and delete his postings afterwards like somebody else we know!!!  Gee I hope you understand what it is I am saying that just doesn't read too well :(',1
'Now I know why Clint Eastwood felt he was talking to an empty chair',1
'The only scientisti that say there is global warming are the ones who getn told their grant money will not be coming, unless they phoney up some reportd that say there is global warming.  The Obama mis-administration tells the scientists, thay they only get grants if they produce the results we want.',1
'I think your a ****ing bible addict',0
'She is effin bangin hot ...chunky monkey it hella right.',1
'I find it very sad that you can refer to the country GREATs as obsolescence. Cuz' what is supposed to be country is the referred to obsolescence, what was referred to as the best ain't country, it's rock,, pop. etc' but it ain't country. It was a funeral last night of the great, the famous and the death of true country music',1
'The trillions made by the unseen hand of our energy masters  every year depends on it..',1
'although it is sad when anyone dies....to say he had a beautiful voice is a bit of a stretch of the word beautiful.....R.I.P.  ​  anyway...',1
'Don't care',1
'i watched the show and look forward to the show every year,seeing faith and tim perform together was  a treat.willi still has it,  it really wonderful to  see mirandsa an blake ,win.',1
'That is such a mindless stupid cliche'. Don't know what cliche' means, try wiki.',1
'I hear that the Motor City Mad Man, Ted Nugget, does just that and does not waste any thing off an animal. Maybe he needs to start teaching some classes or have some how to video's.  I am from Mich. and I know that he love to hunt with just a bow and arrow. dont matter what it is chicken deer or his favorite bear.  Things really were better for our fore fathers.',1
'D.C. Ho Done \r\n\r\n \r\nGonna vote Obama outta there. \r\nBooyah, booyah \r\nGonna send him packing on that day \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nAll he can do is lie all day \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nAll the Booyah niiiiiiiiite,  \r\nall the Booyah daaaaaaaaaaay. \r\nGonna place our foot up in dat azz \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nWe don't need a socialist \r\nBooyah, booyah; \r\nNo help at all creating jobs \r\nAll the Booyah day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nOn election daaaaaaay,  \r\non election daaaaay. \r\nGonna send Obama on his way \r\nOn election day. \r\n\r\n\r\n \r\nVOTE Romney/Ryan 2012 Tell Your Friends',0
'We get it laurel, you're a socialist who doesnt want the country to succeed and if possible would live inside Obamas a$$hole for eternity.  supporting a candidate is one thing but you creep me out.  \r\n \r\nBTW Obama sucks and has done nothing for this country.  HE HAS DONE NOTHING but blame other people while preaching in 2008 if anyone was like him as a president he would want them GONE.  The guys said it himself.',1
'Is That Possible.   Republicans are for the Rich,  Democrats' are for the Poor.  Been that way for ever.  Some frome Each side have been good , some not good.      I Vote For the Best Person for the Job.     Romney Scammed out on His BUSINESS, stole the Money and RAN WITH IT TO OTHER COUNTRIES. He  Lost My Vote Right there. Weather I Like Obama Or Not.',1
'Um, actually he WASN'T a socialist. He was a Conservative NATIONALIST. I seriously hope you're sterile, because any kids would certainly be susceptive to your extreme stupidity. I'm sure your "popular" mother and best guess at a father were very ashamed of you and your lack of intellect.',1
'the truth hurts Obumbler!!!!!!!!',1
'I looked up the story and posted the link wise **** maybe you should try the same next time! LOL',1
'Just this week my husband won a trumpet from a local music store.',1
'Sign him up!',1
'this may be a bit off subject, but, im sick and tired of cops using tail lights,  "not coming to a complete stop "  no turn signal " when no ones around,  and various others BS excuses to pull you over.  The reason they do this?????  for those of you that dont know.  its illiegal just to search your car.  so they make up something , or follow you until you finally do make a mistake, and then pull you . Then they can legally search your car.  I mean, if you try and argue with him,  who wins,  ??  when you go to court and tell the judge you did totally stop at the stop sign,  who wins?    The police just couldnt follow the law so now they try and find ways around it, even though they are the law.  I wonder how they would feel, if i pulled them over, told a lie about why, and then searched their vehicle why their wife, and baby was in the car.   I buy house and rent them, thus ive been in some less that luxurios neighborhoods.  Ive been pulled over three times like this.   Even had to wait for dogs to come one time . Luckily my baby wasnt with me this time.   So they searched, then said goodbye,    Guess what>> didnt get a ticket any of the 3 times even though in the beginning they said I broke the law.  3 times no tickets??    Its sickening.  I really feel bad for the folks that have to live in some of these neighborhoods.  Heck , they didnt even write a warning.  CAn you guess why??   Because it was a farce from the beginning.  They never had ANY intention of writing a ticket to me.  They just wanted to circumvent the law. I call that breaking the law.',0
'Proven scientific fact that our brains are wired with "mirror-neurons" which hone in on the neurons firing in the brains of other people around us.  This could even be explained by electro-magnetic-ind  ​ uction.  But even in these instances, if the person you are trying to "read" isn't firing the right neurons, you aren't going to get a positive result.  I don't believe in "psychics", but I do believe some of the "psychic" phenomena is true and has a real scientific explanation.  If the subjects of the study weren't thinking actively about what was trying to be picked up, which would almost have to be the case in a truely scientific study (double-blind experiment), then of course the psychics would fail.  Also, only testing 2 "psychics" isn't a very good sample size.',1
'The boots have always been ugly but the slippers were awesome until they changed the lining.Now they are NOT worth $100.00 a pair.I stopped buying them for that reason!',1
'Be a scab and go home poor',1
'Child labor is a direct result of poverty. The workers and growers cannot earn enough to feed the family but HERSHEY boast of $6billion in sales. \r\nAgain I ask why is there poverty?\r\nOne or more taking more than their faqir share and not sharing the wealth but keeping for the few.\r\nWhat ever happened to the ideas like the one for all and all for one?\r\nWe have and are going backwards in time to a very dark evil place and your funding it all with your consumerism andtax breaks for the mega rich.\r\nProsperity creates monsters...\r\nAdversity & competition creates charactor',1
'And again children why do people of other third world countries grow up hating Americans... \r\nCould it be that the profits of American Corporations overseas (and now in the USA again) are more important to the American businessmen than the welfare of any country's citizens... \r\nVOTE DEMOCRAT and bring "middle-class" values back to the American Dream...',1
'Grey....Don't forget my Obama victory party....I have a chair set up just for you...It's in the corner of the room and you have to wear a dunce cap....Hope you show up:)',1
'WTF',1
'This rule is actually there to preserve your rights. If I recall correctly, laws like this came about because of the threatening and high pressure tactics found in local politics in a lot of areas. Banning anything related to campaigning allows you to attend your polling station without fear and without harrassment.',1
'Exactly and all you  have to do is look  at all the other comments  to realize exactly how many blind sheep there are in the world they take an article like this as gospel.  And people wonder whats wrong with  our country  today.',1
'Let's have it.  That's what she's best at,  after all.',1
'Didn't care for the books or the movie, both are a major ripoff of Battle Royale,',1
'LMFAO!  Yea vehicles getting a whopping 50 mile range is the future!  Inf you live on a 10 mile square island!  I personaly live 15 miles from town, I would be lucky to drive to the store and home in time before my overpriced car dies!   \r\n  \r\nAnd don't you think energy prices will skyrocket when we go from 7 KW a month to 15KW?  See how much money you save then by not using fuel! \r\n  \r\nI hope it is YOUR future, mine is driving my diesel with over 250,000 miles and getting home each night.',1
'Hey Kristy thats cool.  I think you'd be bitter too if you dated more than one woman who makes more that you but insists on you paying for everything because you are the man.   Make sense?  Women exist out there with this mindset, lot's of them!',1
'Yah moron, no other reason. It couldn't be that Obumbles is a disaster. It couldn't be that Obumbles put us another $6 Trillion in dept or added another 13 million to foodstamps, has created about 5 jobs for every million he spent, can only get UE rate to 7.9% because another 5% have already used up their benefits, was more concerned about his Vegas trip than 4 Americans under attack, will raise taxes on those that pay and give more handouts to those that dont, is embarrassment  to the military, kisses Muslim azz, and is afraid to use the word terrorist. Yah idiot, its only because Romney is white.',1
'And, he really thinks he is saying something.  What an insult to those in the Sandy wake.  The football stadium wasn't distroyed and you didn't organize it and it's a far cry, no it's on the opposite end of the spectrum than losing your life, your family,  your home, your business, not getting to work.......Wow, he thinks he is getting in touch with  people.  He is so out in left field he wouldn't know what a football  or baseball field looked like and imagine him flying over the Jersey shore, he probably would think it a video game and go home.    If he gets in I'm really worried.  He doesn't see what he is saying, that's so scarey, no reflection, no thought, no nothing.  An empty shell  The comment asking whether there are any undecideds after this comment makes me wonder what education we are giving to people.  Whatever school Romney went to I wouldn't send my kids.  Not with that kind of thinking,  What is it that makes people deny the obvious and follow this guy and the far right radicals.',1
':) Made me smile!',1
'Wow just plain wow.\r\n \r\nGitmo still open.\r\nExtraordinary rendition program still going on and expanded.\r\nDomestic spying program still in place and expanded.\r\nAssassination of American overseas without any sort of due process.\r\nSelling of guns to Mexican gun runners resulting in border guards being killed.\r\nThe cover up of said selling of guns\r\nThe Bengazi coverup\r\nNational debt doubling in 4 years and little to show for it.\r\nPushing through a healthcare bill without letting anybody read it first.\r\n \r\n \r\nAnd all the Simpson's could do is make fun of Michelle Obama's cooking.',1
'The emceeing was by two great stars, the dialogue was terrible.  Who dreamt that crap up.  I agree with some of the others, where is the country.  This stuff is not country.  If writers can't come up with some decent country songs, then let's just listen to the original material done by great writers and singers from the past.  The "music" on this awards must fit in a new genre, cause it ain't country.',0
'Hurray!',1
'You should work then you panzy. \r\nAnd then you can leave the tip.',1
''It's the Hand of Jehovah God, Stupid'',1
'completely agree',1
'It is the wussification of our society.  Men are not allowed to be men in this country and its pretty sad.  If you have been overseas you know what I mean.  Masculinity is a good thing everywhere BUT here.  \r\n \r\nOh well. these women finally got what they cried for.  A man that acts like a woman and still they are just a pissed and unsatisfied as the day they started.',1
'come on down let's see your address Chris.....come on I am quite sure there are a ton of folks on here that would LOVE to see where you live.......',1
'"After I win re-election, I'm going to tax Mitt and the 1% so hard they will be asking me for healthcare and an Obamaphone."',1
'your "Hyundai Sonata" cost the Koreans maybe $2000.00 to build.$3000.00 if you got most of the extra's So that gives makes about 15 thousand in profits you sent back to Korea..Thank you so much for our great economy. I bet you save your bottles and cans and take it to the right places too. WTF',1
'I think she's not that great looking, plus what I've seen isn't anything I want to watch for more than 2 minutes.',1
'Same at my high school. 90's as well. Administrators told us that the hugging was a distraction to the boys and they were just wanting to press up against us...Duh.',1
'Don't know about all that.  About a year ago my wife and I were visiting my family at Fort Lee, Va.  Admittedly I was over the speed limit when the cop stopped me.  The only reason the fine wasn't as bad as it could be was because I was 1 mph below the "danger" speed.  I was so nice to the cop that he actually apologized for giving me the ticket and led me to where I was headed. BUT I DID GET THE $320 ticket anyway.',0
'first off I would not have put the dog down \r\nsecond I would hope that a nice big law suit\r\nis being worked up because they need to pay\r\nfor doing something like that. Let me just say if the shelter here\r\nput my dog down I would be putting someone down for sure in that shelter\r\nfor good they can explain it to st. peter. WOW this just piss me the hell off',1
'CHRIST! So she poses amid the damage, BIG DEAL! Thats ART! Haven't Ya EVER seen a Gorgeous New4x4 Pickup SURROUNDED & COVERED BY MUD!',1
'I'm trying to imagine "saucy" pics of Hippo Michelle............  ​ ....YUCK!    \r\n"Saucy" pics of that hippo with the jawbone of an ape would be absolutely impossible.',1
'Romney's latest rant is that the economy is apparently at a complete standstill with a 7.9% unemployment rate. He FAILED TO MENTION that Bain Capital just took over a Chicago parts manufacturer, outsourced the employees and sent the work to CHINA. \r\n\r\nAt one point you idiots... you have to know that Romney will get to YOUR job sooner than later.',1
'Sleepy Tired.',1
'"Are all beautiful women boring?" \r\nDo you think that you could find someone who cares? LOL!                                                 Beside that, beauty in a person isn't on the outside.',1
'and after reading some of these comments, the bile is also rising......Tuesday can't come soon enough, put an end to this endless name calling, people bashing, predictions that sound like a weather man....\r\n\r\nWhat and Who will be....will be.....and WE will go on, just like we have for years and years. \r\nHopefully after this is all done, some of these comments will be filled with a little less hate.....we can always dream can't we :)\r\n\r\nEveryone........whet  ​ her your R or D.... U or Non-U........W or B........S or G.........have a wonderful weekend!',1
'Live one day at a time, do not keep score, never go to bed angry, and remember each of you has feelings....keep the commitment true.',1
'what do you care about the beef and dairy cows getting feed candy it keeps the price of steaks down.',1
'EXACTLY Rick...This is what you get from a generation raised playing sports where score is not kept to avoid kids getting their feelings hurt and winning trophies for merely participating instead of actually having to earn one the old fashoned way...',1
'baseball bat seems appropriate',1
'Here is another person making lemonade out of lemons!',1
'And conservatives vote for someone who's simply a rubber stamp for Norquist. From a speech by Grover Norquist.\r\n  \r\nAll we have to do is replace Obama. ... We are not auditioning for fearless leader. We don't need a president to tell us in what direction to go. We know what direction to go. We want the Ryan budget. ... We just need a president to sign this stuff. We don't need someone to think it up or design it. The leadership now for the modern conservative movement for the next 20 years will be coming out of the House and the Senate.\r\n \r\nThe requirement for president?\r\n \r\nPick a Republican with enough working digits to handle a pen to become president of the United States. This is a change for Republicans: the House and Senate doing the work with the president signing bills. His job is to be captain of the team, to sign the legislation that has already been prepared',1
'Where the heck was the country in this show?  What everyone commented on was so true!  That was pop/rock n roll, not that it's bad, but they don't do country when they call themselfs hip hop.  C'mon people, bring in the country music if this is what it is.  Waylon, Patsy, The Judds, George Strait, Willie, Freddie, Marshall Tucker, Reba, where are you?  Even Elvis sang country and didn't tweek it.  Don't go down that road you new artists.  Blake, don't cave in to the new country, keep it Country or call it Hip/Hop stuff.  I miss the true country stuff.  Carrie Underwood looked amazing by the way.  So did Faith Hill and her man.  Wow!!',1
'Actually is says do what is right by your religion.',1
'"Not my fault."',0
'Back where he came from??  I hope you don't mean Massachusetts.  We don't want him here!',1
'You guys seem to be frozen in cult of the past. A good replica does no harm to the original. \r\nConsidering price and availability of real ones it makes sense to revive the glory with a replica. \r\nBut it has to be done right with good chassis dynamics, drivetrain, ultra modern brake system, \r\nand reliable,powerful,ef  ​ ficient engine. For $ 275K it sounds possible to do. \r\n  \r\nTheir "new" body looks just right, but garden variety chairs in brocade will have to go ! \r\n Waclaw.',1
'oh you know pregnancy... lol this is insane',1
'..Because President Obama lowered your payroll taxes, three blind meeces.',1
'Sorry. \r\n  \r\nChief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office to Obama.',1
'Obama is not cutting military he is slowing growth of military mostly because he is ending two wars we do not need as much spending if you cut down on the wars also he is shifting spending from the wars to veterans programs to help train and take care of wounded heroes',1
'Quote mining - quotes out of context by actual experts, irrelevant quotes, quotes by non-experts or pseudo-experts - are the hallmark and zenith of the science illiterate denialists' "research" paradigm.  But what else can a science illiterate denialists do, but pretend to do research?',1
'OOPs I mean "him"',1
'You all know what he meant!!!  \r\nPlus it kind of sounds like someone messed with the recording....????',1
'twit    you were in nam       ban la mot nguoi me',0
'Bob and Michelle did not think this through.  I cannot believe they actually wanted all of these kids.  And, poor little Josie.  What kind of life is this child going to have?  Just like Jon and Kate, whether they want to admit or not, they're headed for trouble.  Eventually, the money will run out.  And, most likely, so will Bob.',1
'i guess the hollywierd liberals dont wear diamonds and btw the government supports these criminals every day, if you want to be mad at someone be mad at the govt for sending money and guns to the thugs in africa',1
'Perhaps you fools don't know what coercion means? Because that is EXACTLY what Trump is trying to do.\r\n \r\nExtort Obama through coercion.',1
'Good job numbers. \r\n  \r\nLol.',1
'My first wife- Eileen (deceased and still loved) had a simple rule. ALL disagreements are left outside of the bedroom! Of course it may pick up the next day. It made 34 years of PURE happiness!!!',1
'Yes, that's my address. I'm sure that you and every other internet tough guy is too much of a coward to do anything about it. seeing as I gave you my address and you are going to do nothing but spam boards with it.....I think that shows everyone what you are made of. LOL',1
'As a member of a generation between you two...Greg you should really look into the Granny/McDonald's case before trying to use that as an example. If you'd actually seen the pics of the woman's 3rd degree burns, you'd change your tune about that case...I know I did. I have to agree with both of you. Having brought it to the store, she had a reasonable assumption that the employees would conduct themselves in a professional manner and not shared her personal photos. But this world is not always filled with professional and moral people, knowing that, the girl should have deleted any sensitive material before turning it over to a complete stranger.',1
'I could see the dog being quarantined for biting the delivery guy, but jumping on him...while he was carrying food?  \r\n \r\nThere's no good way to handle this.',1
'The only reason europe can afford more expensive energy is because We pay for there national security. Go tell Greese they have to cough up 37 billion dollars a year for there share. You don't have the facts and I'm to old to waste my time.',1
'tasteless',1
'D*mn.\r\n \r\n-runner freak who cares only about running, nothing or nobody else',1
'That was lovely!!!  And being named Fred is a good start!!!!  My dad and step dad are both named Fred.',1
'you sure have a missing link',1
'I grew up with kids from families with 12 or more kids. One family had given birth to 18 kids, (two died in separate accidents) and they were all very well behaved and orderly families. I think what the show is supposed to teach us is that love conquers all and the practices that the Daggers use do work in raising good and productive citizens. That said, I agree with the writer that this show has run its course and should be cancelled.',1
'The Candy Tax in the UK Must be Astronomical if it is Cheaper for someone to Hand out Cocaine instead of Candy??? This is what Happens when you have Politicians like Mayor Bloomberg in New York  Pushing Stupid Taxes  & Ordinances like Banning Large size Cups  at Restaurants & Convenience  Stores.',1
'Good for you Guliana,  I agree.  These young girls who get pregnant at 16 have no concept of what they are getting into.  Many go on public assistance and society pays for their irresponsibility.  Take this show off the air.  It glorifies irresponsible behavior.  Unfortunately most of these girls do not have the maturity to put the child first.  Unless you have gone throught the stuggles to have a child,  you can not imagine how angering watching these stupid girls and boys can be.  Being a parent is a privilege and a responsibility.  It is not a means to fame and attention.  One does not have to be married to be a parent but you should have a job and a means to provide for your child without expecting society or your parents to carry you along',1
'then we can get rid of fema. and the state can do the work and pay for it.',1
'I'd rather watch Malice at the Palace, thanks.',1
'If these idiots vote me in again, I'm only going to use my middle name.  I'll be known as Hussein.  Like Madonna.  She already outed me as a Muslim and now I will be free to admit it to the world.',1
'Suicide  Silence\r\nsong: Unanswered\r\n\r\nHow much must I curse your name\r\n And put your beliefs to shame\r\n Before you prove yourself \r\n And end this life?\r\n \r\n End this life\r\n \r\n And I'll say a f/ing prayer\r\n Because I know it won't be answered\r\n \r\n Where is your god? (2x)\r\n Where is your f/ing god?\r\n \r\n And even though I don't believe in you\r\n I pray for the day (2x)\r\n That you end this life\r\n \r\n So please\r\n Take me\r\n Away\r\n \r\n I want the hand of god \r\n To come and strike me down (2x)\r\n \r\n Where is your god? (2x)\r\n Where is your f/ing god?\r\n \r\n For all the prayers that go unanswered (2x)\r\n Why do you think that is?\r\n For the families that waste their time\r\n Open your eyes\r\n \r\n And all your prayers will go\r\n Unanswered\r\n Why do you think that is?\r\n For the families that waste their time\r\n Open your f/ing eyes\r\n\r\nRIP Mitch',1
'IS ANY ONE HERE TRYING TO GET ME TO VOTE OBAMA????? \r\n YOU"RE  REALLY DOING A $HIT JOB <<<<<<<<  LOL',0
'because argentina =/= USA. They don't necessarily have an electoral college.',1
'I'm not sure. I'm reading conflicting info.  I thought the 38 storm was stronger (category 5), but the Sandy storm maybe have been larger extent (not sure on that either).',0
'Thats because it's "Not" the great American Beer.....It's Forgien owned....',1
'My best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker man! They met via [ seek add riders] it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other.  if you are interested in it, just check it out. ',0
'Caption:   "Of course I inhale .... isn't that the point"',1
'The ancient Chinese would laugh at our petty arguments against constructing defensive structures to protect our EXPENSIVE assets from the elements.  I seem to recall the Great Wall of China was built by hand.  Not including the threat of if you refuse to work you die like was the life in China back then, but it does show what humans are capable of doing when we all define a purpose that something has to be built.',1
'I remember learning to two step when I was 18.  It sure as heck wasn't to one of today's "pretending to be" country songs.  Anybody remember Cotton Eyed Joe?  In addition to Cash and Nelson, Hank Williams Junior knew how to sing.  It saddens me to think ta new generation believes Taylor Swift sings Country Music .      When I hear her songs on the local pop station that my teenage son listens to sometimes, I just want to turn the radio off.',1
'Either Repub1 is paid very well to be a professional AZZHOLE or he is clearly full of ignorance and possesses a despicable soul, perhaps one that he bought at a Mitt convention.',1
'I don't know what I would do, but WAY TO GO Mr. Thompson!\r\nBTW, ever notice that criminals tend to go by all three of their names?\r\nJohn Wayne Gacy, Lee Harvey Oswald, James Earl Ray, Donald Ray Lee...',1
'well if lying is the criteria to get fired, goodbye Romney/Ryan your fired',1
'Not per say. I think they should do a little more testing to verify that they will work, then the government place an order and give them a bonus incentive to finish sooner. Heres to hoping they get these to work and inservice soon. Very cool idea.\r\nThat and that the goverment or governments will actually be smart and use them. Like when you see river towns putting up thousands of sandbags but there are these giant easy to erect barriers that are filled with sand by front loaders that can create much better barriers when trying to make large temporary blocks vs using lots of little sand bags, they still seem to be overlooked. Army uses them for easy to build protection and barrier walls too.\r\nI think its time',1
'SO WHAT ABOUT BENGHAZI ??',1
'test',1
'Humans calls it global warming--the Earth calls it "population control". Let nature take its coarse and deal with us the way it dealt with the dinosaurs.',1
'No they both do suck! I wish more Americans would look at the other candidates. It feels like young people and good amount of people only look at who is blasted all over TV which is Obama and Romney. They are both bad for this country but because of idiots everywhere one will be my president. God help us all...\r\nOn another note I know at least 3 people who are voting for Obama for and I quote because he is "hot" We are all doomed.',1
'You go self...way to speak the truth...',1
'Romney ripped because he supposedly gave the "wrong" storm victim donations and had a "fake" fund raiser.\r\n\r\nO-DUMB-BO given a free pass when his AG lets 1000's of guns walk across the border and into drug lords waiting arms, resulting in a dead BP agent and who knows how many other dead or wounded. Then refuses to give the documents to Congress and gets his AG stuck with a contempt charge. Then lets Americans dies at the hands of goat humping muslim thugs and does nothing......but has the time to fly off to Vegas for the PAR-TAY the very next day. THen off to Letterman.\r\n\r\n\r\nYeah...you f*cking libtards are the party of compassion......sick  ​  b8tches.',0
'It is still American made, just not American owned. So if AB continued to "lose their butts" and went out of business many more Americans would be on unemployment.',1
'A box... she ate a whole box of stupid.',1
'OMG...I was going to say this thing looks like a scene or audition from Chucky's Bride.',1
'To draw a parallel without mentioning names, every year certain US colleges protest the making of Adidas, Rebook, and other shoes in "sweat shop" foreign labor factories. Years ago, I saw a report that claimed to make the shoes, pay the import fee, pay the athlete endorsement fee, was about 6-$7.00 a pair. We pay BIG bucks for those same shoes and as far as I know nothing has changed. Visualize this, if Hershey get's it's beans in that fashion, what about Nestle, Cadbury, and all the other chocolate companies. I used to live in Harrisburg, been to both the old plant and the new one. Here, they maintain the highest standards. Forced child labor, slave labor, knowingly, kind of hard to believe?? The folks there in Africa might be doing that? The issue is can we stop it and how. Who else has cocoa beans? What the heck? Let's just destroy another American Icon WITHOUT PROOF. I would suggest that if you feel this is true and Hershey won't address it-----stop eating chocolate----they're  ​  all doing it.',1
'Bearpaws destroying them, half the price with no sacrifice in quality.',0
'I worked for, and relied on, tips for 7 years of my life. But I certainly didn't get my panties in a twist if I got stiffed. Why? Because I was the one who chose to work in a field that paid a crappy hourly rate!!  You are NOT entitled to a tip. Not everyone tips. Period. And that is their choice, just as working in a job that forced me to reply on tips was MY choice. I decided that I didn't want to work for tips anymore, so I got an education. Again, MY choice. \r\n\r\nPeople need to accept responsibility for their own lives, not blame other people. Don't like relying on the kindness of strangers? Change your life.',1
'I immediately thought of him. Did you watch the documentary on him? Brutal.',0
'KUNG PAO, thats fine with me, thanks.',1
'Finally YEAY!!!!!!!!!',1
'I'm glad Disney finally made an honest woman out of Lucas. They've been sleeping together for quite some time. Now it's official.',1
'67: You have been on here for 6 years and have 29 posts. I try to deliberately provoke people to make them think. A lot of people consume, but they don't process. I am non-partisan, I support gays, abortion, socialized medicine, but also guns, free speech, an aggressive foreign policy, zero tolerance for terrorists, and financial responsibility. The bottom line is I don't like any politicians, and under US law am not allowed to vote, even though I live here. That is called taxation without representation. I believe you guys fought a war about that sort of thing..?',1
'I think I know what comment's gonna get a lot of thumbs up.',1
'You must FEAR unionization but RESPECT MY OPINIONS to single me out for this wimpy post, Sick... neither you nor I know the exact requirements of the work involved, which is ALWAYS the determining factor. I have friends heading there with crews. The work is quite dangerous as it is... a dreaded Nor-Easterner is brewing off the coast to give that area yet another horrendous storm.',1
'Khloe needs to go back to that Seacrest network and stay there.  Simon, I normally agree with you, but way off base with this one!  She is horrid!  And you can tell she is JUST reading from a telepromter!  You are not wrong often Simon, but way off on this one, dude!  Can we vote her off the damn show?',1
'lol you sick f*ck',1
'So basically this CEO is stating that they fudged their testing to get better results using a different test method than the one the EPA recommends. Basically, the were caught lying and now he's back peddling to cover himself. And, as usual, our government won't do anything to punish them. The wealthy get more wealthy and the poor and middle class (soon to be the poor) pay for it.',1
'Had it in CA;  'for comparison purposes' is EXACTLY what they ARE for!  And ONLY for comparison purposes.  Are they usually accurate according to how you drive?  Probably not.  But comparing how YOU would drive one model compared to how YOU would drive another model, the comparisons would be valid, approximately enough.  There are MANY factors affecting MPG....tyre pressure, gasoline quality, altitude, is the driver 'riding' the brake, etc.  MPG ratings ARE useful for COMPARISON purposes.  But expecting to attain those same figures in real world operating situations is not realistic.',1
'yes, as long as it is a friendly hug and not one unwanted by either party.  And, as long as it is reasonable and not an invitation to sex by an older student.  But, this gives me a great idea!!  Let's all SUSPEND every political incumbent for ONE YEAR for every hug they have committed and TWO YEARS for every lie they have told.  Hand shakes would get six months and smiles woujld be three months.  Oh, well....record keeping!!!  Lets just VOTE ALL INCUMBENTS OUF OF OFFICE.  If we would do that, the next four years might be more in our favor.  They might listen to us for a change!',1
'Global warming, huh?  And New York is seriously jonesing for some gasoline!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\r\nBloomberg, what do you say now, stupid?',1
'Entonces por que estan quejando si son dos cosas diferentes? Uno es un servicio y el otro es aparato. Por que no trabajan juntos? Ya me di cuenta que los proveedores de servicios celulares en Mexico igual como en EEUU son RATEROS!',1
'This has to be a joke. He can't seriously be a legitimate candidate making such ridiculous statements......',1
'A clean puss is a clean puss , a little hair is sexy. I like eating pussy with a little hair and no odor.',0
'Well, she get's her 15 minutes of fame - just not the way she hoped.',1
'Haven't we seen this sweet young actress/singer/ celeb goes skank act before?  She really can sing but her choices, lately, are weird and creepy.  Hope she comes out of it OK.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'Another month or two and he will be 'out of the closet'',1
'Maggie - now who's being typical?  We typically analogize based on our own experience and i'm pretty sure he did not experience Nazi concentration camps first hand.  And he's not my beloved anything - just the candidate who i believe will do a better job than the current POTUS.  And all you seem to see are the words "football field" and "Romney."',0
'Don't know why the word STUPID is used here except as an attention grabber and to get people to think... because many people already believe that global warming 'HAS' played a leading role in the world's extreme 'out of character/out of season' weather events for a looong time... and sadly its only going to get worse!! Wondering what scary Franken-event is next?  :(',1
'Sorry to hear it. He was a guy who was living his dream and had no where to go but up.',1
'HOPE NOT!',0
'You are sooooo articulate!',1
'Hahahaha!!..That was a good one!',1
'I don't think this artcle is what Dawkins had in mind as to what a meme is. This is just one model acting stupidly. From Wikipedia:\r\n \r\nA meme is "an idea, behavior or style that spreads from person to person within a culture." A meme acts as a unit for carrying ideas, symbols or practices, which can be transmitted from one mind to another through writing, speech, gestures, rituals or other imitable phenomena. Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate and respond to selective pressures.',1
'NO BABE, I CAN KEEP TALKING - With These New Diapers, Mom Won't Smell Me For Another 15 Minutes.',1
'Selfish woman!  Wait, I should take that back, she's not even worth calling a human.',1
'My mother was a waitress, and before going back to school that is how I supported my family as well. Tips are part of the salary, and right now most servers make about $2.81 an hour, and the tips are to bring it up to and/or surpass minimum wage. \r\nMost waitpersons do not have any benefits, and they need to hustle to get that money.\r\nFor our household the rule of thumb is, if there isn't enough money to tip, there isn't enough to go out to eat. \r\nI am not saying a server is entitled to a tip, because there are some pretty bad ones who most definitely do not.\r\nRunning up a tab and not paying a percentage to the server is one thing, but trying to stiff someone  by crying single parent is just ludicrous! My mother was a single parent, and I am as well: that woman needs to get her priorities straight!',1
'Tiocfaidh:  Do you find that statement so far fetched?  As an RN, I've seen parents take their children's ADD meds, (like Ritalin), etc,  That statement is not meant to be a joke, only to reflect on our parenting skills.  There are MANY who would take the cocaine from the kids, and never report it, using it themselves, instead.  A sad but TRUE supposition.  Do You really think not?',1
'Patriot 8208\r\n \r\n50% of college graduates are not finding work to answer your question.   This is a disgrace to our country.   I have read that 59% of  minorities age 25 and younger are unemployed.   58% of the workforce is employed now.  There are fewer people employed now than since 1984.  500,000 American manufacturing jobs were sent to China within the past 4 years.    I am an Independent and voted for Romney/Ryan.    4 years is enough for the current administration.',0
'Thank you for sharing some of your money tips on eatting healthy. But it will not work for my son and me you see, if you do not work then you are entitled to that 225.00 per month. but if you have any type of income and even if you only have about 63.28 left over for lets gas, things you would use in the bathroom, dishsoap. oh hey car insurcene.  pet food (we were once told to get rid of our pets "I told them they were with us before I became disabled and I will go with out food first to feed them" they shut after that.  I am just glad my son was not with me.  When I have to figure out a way somehow to keep our son from feeling that life delt him a bad hand.  Oh by the way for two people (yes that's about what I have left over on the 3rd THE BILL PAYING DAY)we get to eat on a 1.32 yes you saw it right 1.32 for the 2 of us and that is for the entire day. Oh boy oh joy. The person who gave the infromation to the reporter did give it to in part correct buuttt ooooohhhh soooooooooooo miss leading.  Not every Man, Woman and Child that recivces Food Stamps gets that 225.00.  To me that looks like a million bucks. And one more thing I will go without food give upfor days so we can buy that box of brownie mix.  The stuff to make homemade popcorn ball. And my favorite Fudge. Tis the holiday season. And I will not let go of the tradistons that my husband and I started with our son.',1
'Some people may call you cynical. As a fellow retiree, I can verify that you, sir, are a realist! Thank you for posting the facts even though I'm sure most people will choose to ignore them.',1
'You forgot about lawyers.',1
'Alex2, Agreed!  He had free reign for 2 years, and did NOTHING to help the situation! He was too busy Ramming Obamacare down our throats, so we could "See What's In It." \r\n But they blame Bush for Obama's failure, and they'll Credit Obama, if Romney succeeds.',0
'I don't know about that,but it should definitely count as MORONIC.',1
'Quotes out of context do not refute the actual science of global warming; the National Academies says global warming is real and most likely due to human influence.\r\n\r\nQuote mining - quotes out of context by actual experts, irrelevant quotes, quotes by non-experts or pseudo-experts - are the hallmark and zenith of the science illiterate denialists' "research" paradigm.  But what else can a science illiterate denialists do, but pretend to do research?',1
'Don't worry, we'll show up for work on Wednesday... we always do.  That's how the liberals get their free crap.  We'll be there.',1
'Suspected smugglers.  No they were F'King smugglers.  who's rights are you trying to protect.  FK'Tards',0
'Eye for an Eye???  or should I say Cancer for a Leg',1
'We should do away with minimum wage and all these child labor laws and then we could bring all these jobs back here to the USA.  Well, I do know the Republicans were greatly in favor of dumping minimum wage, so maybe in November, at least that part will come true and we could all be working for 10 cents an hour!  Yeah Us!!!',1
'Welcome to NJ, the land of corrupt liberal politicians who have bought their way into government by giving unions everything they want.',0
'google M-51 galaxy...awesome...1  ​ 00 light years in size...not known until Hubble t-scope found it.\r\nMain attraction...God's own personal handiwork...(Psalm 19 verse 1.)...He likes to brag on His Son Jesus,  just take a look and enjoy.',0
'GOOD!!  Aren't FOOD stamps intended to buy FOOD to begin with??',1
'It would be best for all minorities to pack up and move themselves to Saudi Arabia or Syria and complain about not feeling accepted there',0
'Toby Keith didn't accept his award on stage because he refuses to go to the CMAs. He hates the CMAs because he feels they are a crock. He rarely gets nominated, and even more rarely wins, yet he is consistently a top grossing country artist.',1
'What is that suppose to mean???  You think I am nuts and are surprised I might not be??!!??  I have my moments of being eloquent and my moments of being stupid!!!!',1
'what in heaven's name is the world coming to?  A person cannot hug?  My daughter has Down Syndrome and she absolutely loves to give out hugs.',1
'garbage',0
'Stevie, it's a myth that volcanoes produce more CO2 than humans, but you don't seem to care about actual facts.\r\n\r\nSource:  http://volcanoes.usg  ​ ?s.gov/hazards/gas/c  ​ l?imate.php\r\n\r\nCO2 from volcanoes:  0.15 to 0.26 gigaton per year\r\n\r\nCO2 from humans: 35-gigaton projected anthropogenic CO2 emission (2010)',1
'If she can't tip, she shouldn't go out to eat or she can order something cheaper.  I worked as a hostess/bartender for a while, did my best, and still had a few non-tippers.  Yet, their glass was always full and I always asked if there was anything else they might need.  It hurts when one is trying to survive and has a child at home to support.',1
'For more of the same, VOTE REPUBLICAN.....and weep!',1
'Yes!!!  Just think of the possibilities.',1
'I had it done when I entered military boot camp and I have no desire to do it again, thank you.',1
'OP: Heyy numbnuts, this is NOT a news site (lord you humans are dumber than a 2x4 shoved sideways up an elephants a$$) it's a "trending" site, i.e. what is TRENDING now.  STFU and GTFU.',1
'The songs sung at the award shows (CMA's) should be the #1 songs that made these country singers...STARS!  I love Faith & Tim, and especially Kenny Chesney....but their song choices were not good.   I was very dissapointed with Faith's singing, and bad songs....what has happened to her great singing?  Kenny...really?  He is soooo talented, but not that song at all.  Always love The Zac Brown Band!  I didn't like Miranda's new rock~n~roll song...turned the TV volume DOWN thru many non-country "POP" songs.  Kelly Clarkson's weird dress was awful, not flattering at all.  I didn't like Hunter's song....he sounded like he was trying to mimic Rascal Flats.  I love the song "Pontoon!!!"  I love the beat...it makes me want to dance!!!   I miss the REAL, true, COUNTRY songs....I didn't hear very many last night.  I love Willie.....so glad he was awarded for his years of great singing!  Good show, just not enough real COUNTRY songs.',1
'I wondered the same thing.  The only people who could sustain "hug-related injuries" are people with broken ribs, people who bruise easily, people who hate being touched, or someone with any other kind of inury that makes it hurt to be touched.  In general though, I would rather kids hug each other than slap, hit, punch, kick, etc. each other.',1
'So I says to her, I says....No, I got YOUR nose.',1
'LOL',1
'Everyone I met in college was an Alcoholic !',1
'I understand your point, maybe you need more personal space- everyone is different. so  when you are faced with the situation, just extend your hand out and say, 'no thanks'... that'll stop them from hugging you.  You might not get a pleasant greeting from them ever again.. but that's up to you.',1
'IF THE ROMNEY STORY WAS ALL OVER THE PLACE,,,THEN IT SHOULD STILL BE OUT THERE \r\n   SOURCE PLEASE,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ​ ,,,,,,,,,ANY SOURCE',0
'Hey, I have a profile on -----seek40plus.com-  ​ ------, where you can chat with singles over 40 and make friends with them. If you are over 40, it's a good place for you.',0
'total trust..disagreements  ​  come and go, but I always new I could trust the man.  He has passed now, but I still feel the same way.',1
'WHO ME, I DIDN'T FART I WAS BUSH THAT LET THAT ONE OUT.',1
'Well if there wasn't young girls with this additude I guess there wouldn't be any baby's to adopt for the rest of the world who can't have children due to some medical problem.... There is also women out there willing to have a child for someone else which is one of the hardest challenges in life...(being pregnant). So it goes both ways.... we got to appreciate the negative that ends in positive for some.  I also feel that the adittudes of young girls with children change as they are forced to grow up. I was 17 and pregnant and if it wasn't for that experience I wouldn't be who I am today. Not everyone is famous...Some of us in the world have a big role of just being mother. It's the most important job in the world. Sometimes it takes raising and getting to know your child and love him or her to realize how much it really means....love just doesn't start when you get pregnant...Love is a process and we shouldn't just have baby's for our own wants and desires either....when you have a baby its not about you anymore.....',1
'It's been 4 years already? Oh, well, lets make some more promises.',1
'Never even thought about that. No more wasting ball bearings on the wild turkeys in the garden! ;)',0
'So Soll., If your beloved household pet just jumped up and mauled your child you wouldn't kill it where it stands?  I can tell you right now I would break it's neck.  You can call me evil or whatever but people(especially my kids) come before animals.',1
'Hey, any countries out there willing to help the United States out after Sandy?   No???, okay, well, I'll be sure to keep sending you all  trillions of dollars anyway....  just thought I'd ask.',1
'They should have to give him their own dogs, so they experience a loss too.',1
'Who would wait in a line 800 peole deep for a 7 inch version of an iPad that has a starting price of $329 when you can buy a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 for $199 or a Kindle Fire for that matter for $170???? Funny thing is the $199 Samsung and it's Android operating system is a MUCH MUCH better device than the iPad. Aplle Zombies.....you sheeple are suckers, you think you're all tech savy yet you're over paying for inferior product technolgy that has been offered by Samsung and others for a couple years now  LOL',1
'What can you expect from MSN. They can't report anything but trash. Wouldn't know what to do with an honest hard news report if it fell in their lap......',0
'Kobe acts like a phucking child.',1
'Here's some advice, Kate. \r\n \r\n1) STFU\r\n \r\n2)GTFO\r\n \r\n3)DIACF\r\n \r\nThat is all.',1
'Comincents...I know about the lack of training in the Non Union sector as I have first hand worked with former Non Union employees and trained many, as they became members of the IBEW. These, and there were many, Who by their own words said.."I wish I had the training the Union provided you. THis is the major reason I left my former NON UNion employer,  for more access to quality training and better wages". Incidentally the adage from Romney about more jobs is CRAP, if you believe him then I've got some FINE beach front property in El Centro, Cal. ROmney will put people to work if YOU want to work for less than the current minimum wage, until he and the other ilk from the Republican party find a way to decrease the minimum wage. Romney is for "right to work for less" Wake up Comincents you and others are being fed the "koolaid"! From my vantage point the crossover of knowledge from Non Union to Union was dismal. In many cases to train these NEW members it required going back to the basics of Ohm's law and how to read a tape measure. Where as a UNion member coming on to a job, any job could assimilate the requirements of the work from verbal instruction with little to no further oversight. \r\nAgain before you [comincents] spout what you obviously know nothing, try walking in OUR/MY boots.',1
'now if this would happen more often in the lives of grown ups maybe the world would be so grim',1
'So what if Romney won, I am a rich man now and do not care.',1
'Pretty much the very same thing.  Criminals are so concerned with getting away that they don't think about vulnerabilities, especially if they're by themselves.  It was a wise decision on the banker's part, fore sure.  He assessed the situation and acted accordingly.',1
'I got it. Glad I didn't send anything too off,(not that I would anyway) to whoever got my e-mail! ;)  I'll try to e-mail you again a little later this morning. Been up for a few hours. :(  Too much crappy stress to sleep. Should try to hit the hay before getting up again at 5:30. Thanks for passing your addy along. :)',0
'judge not lest you be judged...not a christian if you condemn others for their belief or religion...so there..read the Good Book once in awhile and ye may learn something..spoken by a atheist..so i will judge ye all...lol',1
'Use humor much? I think it shows he is just like everyone else....and "everyone" should not be President.',1
'Dumb ****...did you read and understand the whole story...IT WAS FALSE!',1
'THERE ARE WAY'S TO FIGHT THE IGNORANT,  McCARTHY SEEM'S ABOUT RIGHT!',1
'Sex...',1
'running his mouth and not saying anything',1
'MSN Money must be short on stories. The best advice for getting out of a ticket is to not break the law in the first place.  That being said, I am a fast driver and have gotten out of many tickets.  One officer asked me why I was speeding and I replied "because I didn't see you" He laughed and told me to slow it down and have a good day.  You have to remember that officers are humans with lives, families and problems just like us.   Another tip for interstate driving is to go no faster than 7MPH over the limit.  Allow 2MPH for error of the radar and almost all state police will not bug you for 5 MPH. Also stay out of the left lane, Left lane is for passing only and they love to enforce that everywhere.  I was going 10 over on 81 in VA and I was in the right lane, a trooper passed me going just a little faster but he kept on going.  These officers don't like to be held up so let them fly on by.',1
'Osama probably had just been notified that NJ had been wiped off the map.',1
'You are a sponge\r\n--------------------  ​ --------\r\nThat's a form of Birth Control! Your pastor is going to be very angry with you!!',1
'Obama is winning, 70% chance now.....For all you with little education still thinking Romney You can make $2.57 on every $$ you bet now....seems like a great return.\r\n \r\nYou want to know why Romney is a 3 to 1 underdog now????????\r\n \r\n \r\n \r\nRomney has NO INTEGRITY.\r\n \r\n1. Will change any position to please some one.\r\n2. Will deny/lie about previous positions.\r\n \r\nI ask the uneducated GOP brainwashed foot soldiers this question....If John Kerry was an extreme Flip Flopper to you, what is Romney?????\r\n \r\nLets face it White Men are the ONLY votes Romney is getting in the majority, the world is crashing around you and we are loving it!!!!',1
'Proper tipping is trivial to you?  What a cheap jerk.',1
'I have had few tickets. I have found if you apologize for what you did it helps a lot!\r\nYour opinion Airdog?',1
'Sounds like a money grab, wherein she's hoping to get hush money.  It's the economy, stupid!',1
'Hey, I have a profile on -----seek40plus.com-  ​ ------, where you can chat with singles over 40 and make friends with them. If you are over 40, it's a good place for you.',0
'More movies=more $$$$. That's about it. Otherwise it doesn't make sense.',1
'Uggh!',1
'After spending 45K on getting my Private Pilot  with 36k still out at 12.5% I really am in no hurry to take on more debt to get my commercial. It's too expensive and tiresome to find the money and lets face it , it's great if you can do it but it ain't so great that you are willing to eat **** for years after you make to commercial. There are other options in life available. The other thing, What schools are offering scholarschips and how much exactly do they cover? I challenge you to provid eme with one helicopterflight school that is offering scholarships....',1
'SuperBeast has no formal education... He dropped out of school in the 6th grade after he was finally taught how to read....Even that took him 9-10 years to learn.....He's in partnership with The National Socialist of Skin Heads..... Or N.S.S.H ..... He's a left wing socialist retard...',0
'Oh, I see. Now can you explain to me why this A$$-wagon (GreyGhost) has to throw out his Obama/Liberals suck BS on every article whether it involves politics or not? He never answers me...:(',1
'#14 - i know i'm not his, and he's gona have to get a divorse from your wh0ring a55...\r\n\r\nstill waiting on the zombie apokolypse',1
'self like',1
'lol, I recommend brut for an after shave after shaving off a 40 year stache. thats stache is history bro.',0
'Sand N*****?',0
'Well you are allowed to hit back if you are a boy.',1
'self like',1
'I think it's time for Lutfi to get a life.',1
'Oh no he didn't ...compared Sandy to football field cleanup STFU !!! You're joking right?? Mitt Mitt Mitt please continue :)',1
'if google seek add riders,then you will find a best place where you can meet bikers.',0
'Yeah thought you understood it....But way too many don't...And think QE is the problem to all there woes....\r\nIt will stop eventually ....In the meantime there may not be a better answer, except to slash spending and raise taxes on the Middle Class on up...\r\n \r\nNO ONE WANTS to put THERE NAME on that.',0
'a golden voice silenced  ;(',1
'chinese phone',1
'Only winners are the politicians, wall street, and the news channel.  \r\n  \r\nThey make money no mattter what happens.',1
'How dare you be reasonable and generous on this board!',1
'**** GOD!!!',0
'Thoughtless, uncompassionate, tasteless, useless, narcissistic, crap.',1
'Tog, LOL, I was trying to be sarcastic. I hate QE3.',0
'@Angela: How would it feel someone hurt your child?? would you think the same way around? as mentioned by many this is a deadly weapon ESPECIALLY to a child, besides  avoiding to shoot it in the first place. I would imagine how his parents would feel and react to such an incident, it must have drove them mad to see what happened to their kid - and why should the boy obey him to clean his car !!!!!!!!!!! he's showing off in a stupid was and should be punished for extra stupidity and lack of responsibility - what if the boy was rude to him or insulted him in any way (he just said no)?? he would have placed a bullet in his head then !!!!!',1
'These people got that kind of money to piss away, it is obvious they don't live in the real world!!',1
'jayb, is Bush still the President? Did Bush cause Obama's hemorrhoids?',1
'That puppet looks very realistic!',1
'The person that wrote the note did not write the single mom comment.  It is quite obviously 2 different handwritings.',1
'This is a news story why????',1
'Let's play Vegas, Katie.  2 to 1, you outweight him.',1
'The internet can be a laugh a minute.  And never, ever, never forget that once it's out there it is out there forever.',1
'only 2 bags were recovered? hmmm....need I say more...',1
'AMERICANS want things cheap, then complain about the companys that provide the cheap products. BUY AMERICAN PRODUCTS, MADE IN THE USA BY ILLEAGLE ALIENS',1
'What...me worry???',1
'Oh well, Whatever!!!',1
'inviting teen boys into your basement? \r\n that kind of fun?',1
'He's a really good man, with excellent values, the marathon at least should have been delayed. It's absolutely wrong for the Mayor of New York city to divert services needed to stabilize the lives of displaced New Yorkers, to making a profit off a marathon. The Mayor needs to remember that, when he loses the next election.',1
'That is EXACTLY why the unemployment figures are actually around 14%...because the BOGUS labor secretary has been using dumbed-up data to skew the job numbers in favor of the Piece-of-Sh*t Pretenmder-in-Chief.  ​  That SOB has been handed his walking papers. Time to go bacjk to your 2-room refrigeartor box in murder city, Jokebama. And take that freelaoding piece of transvestite garbage you call a "wife" with you...\r\nOne and DONE... for (what is left of) America!',0
'NO!!!! They get no recognition for their honesty either..... They new about the problem before it got out of control..... They're identical to our President',0
'A VOTE FOR OBAMA IS A VOTE FOR THE DARK SIDE',0
'Unions:  "Now the evil they set out to destroy."   Folks need HELP in these areas and I am sure they welcome the workers - union or not.',1
'Wow, would you look at the east coast in a FEMA hell today 4 days post storm.... and I am vendicated completely.  Although sorry I am for the people there.',1
'In a time of disater all people should work toughter yes i was a union member i loved it. people in this time we are americans',1
'Hey, I have a profile on -----seek40plus.com-  ​ ------, where you can chat with singles over 40 and make friends with them. If you are over 40, it's a good place for you.',0
'I can hear that commercial, how did it go,  "Hershey is the great american chocolate bar..."  \r\n\r\nHershey just another victim of Vulture Capitalism.   Sad day for humanity.',1
'Of course, he doesn't need people to pay him any more money, he has enough money.',1
'A drunk driver is really smart!',1
'Is the up or down thing a sort of cast system?  I guess I really don't understand " marrying up) ? I am 55 and single with a high school education. I also built and run a very lucritive Tech company. Now if I choose to marry a woman who has a degree I am marrying up?  Up, down all ****.',1
'Hey - if you want to hear country........ look up bluelonesome.com or check them out on facebook. They are pure country - not any of this stuff we heard last night. If they are ever in your area, be sure to go see them. They are GREAT!!! I, like the rest of you I get tired of not having country music to listen to. I would like to have heard Willie do Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain - but guess they would not give him the time. The best song of the evening was when Carrie Underwood sang Connie Smith's song and Brad played the "acoustic" guitar. That was good clear music and you could actually hear her sing!!',1
'We will, after the Election! Fo Sure!',1
'What difference does it make? 9  or 90.  The electorial college makes the decision not the popular vote.\r\nElections for student body are based on popular vote,   BTW, I have been voting since 1967, never missed a general elections.  If you don 't vote you have no right to complain.',1
'Weed for Christmas would be frikkin awesome :)',1
'yes\r\n \r\nits ok for a pregnant woman to have a drink if:she was just hurt in a major way,suck as both legs mangled,and there is no medical care near enough to help her properly,and she has to have her legs amputated,its ok to let her drink as a pain killer before you saw off her legs,civil war style\r\n \r\nbut,generally,no,nev  ​ er',1
'Capitalizing on human suffering.  Way to go Nana.',1
'Jim J,\r\n  You wrote in this article......"Maybe someday -- after another devastating natural disaster of two in other parts of the country --the United States might invest in ways to prevent damage to its infrastructure....."  ​   Do you think talk of investment in infrastructure might be a reason for businesses and business owners to pay more in taxes?  Our businesses and entrepreneurs benefit greatly from infrastructure which has been paid for over the years by Americans....ALL Americans.  This is what Elizabeth Warren meant when she said that the current batch of wealthy Americans did not become wealthy due to their business acumen alone.  The wealthy benefit from operating inside a system which had been built and maintained long before they were even born.   There are many places to look for reasons why this has happened. \r\n\r\n I was glad to see your reference to lobbyists and special interest groups.  "Instead, we're going to slash this program and spare that one based on which interest groups yell loudest -- and which groups have contributed the most to the politicians who are best placed to influence the decisions."  You are sounding like a Democrat now.   I am not sure if your politics tend towards higher taxes for the wealthy along with diverting spending to projects which give ALL Americans a return on their tax dollars.  More for infrastructure and less on the Military Industrial Complex would be a good place to start.  I want to see us get away from being a Super Power based on military might and become a Super Power based on economic strength.  That means we will have to take the risk of losses at home.  This risk could be called the potential for collateral damage in our war on terror.   The less people fear us the less likely they will target us.  This would mean politicos would have to stop frightening the American people in their quest to get votes.  This approach would take COURAGE.  The challenge is to stop spending most (not all) of the hundreds of billions of dollars that most politicians tell us that we need to "stay strong".    Are we, as Americans with a history of being brave, ready for a challenge like this?   I think we could be.  I hope we could be.  The groups that want to see us fail want us to keep spending our money on things that don't help us economically such as a military which is spread throughout the entire world.  That is why periodically they put somebody on a plane with explosives in his shoe or in his underwear.  Their cost of doing this.   $1000 maybe?  Our cost to react to it.  Hundreds of millions.   Stop the madness!',1
'This one wasn't  bad at all  !   The one that still remains the best for me is, The Graduate,  the wedding scene where Dustin Hoffman crashes the ceremony and flees with Catherine Ross, who is smokin' hot,  is still a CLASSIC !',1
'my misery is inflicted by the clowns who think the working class should live a lower standard of living so they can continue to live their over indulged lifestyles,\r\n \r\nit appears you are the one who can't see the trees because you haven't figured out how to get through the forest.',1
'This whole love cowboy crap is out of control get back to country not pop!',1
'chris who ?',1
'only if Romney wins',1
'cant even answer this...',1
'no, because it's true.',1
'$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$',0
'America is going down the toilet.......not my problem!',1
'They're probably too comfortable to be considered fashionable. They should come out with a version that has 5 inch stiletto heels.  Ugly is never a consideration for fashion.',1
'They were turned away.',1
'Such a retarded argument. I didn't realize "place arbitrary excuse here". That's an attempt to play stupid and get off in a legal system that allows it. How about the woman that spilled hot coffee on herself while driving and sued mcdonalds because she couldn't drink coffee and drive at the same time. AND WON. The cop was/is dumb and needs to be fired immediately. His argument proves how stupid he is and I think natural selection needs to take its course on this cancer to human society.',1
'You can define a man by his character Obama & Biden have none. – here is the proof. \r\nOhio is a key battleground state and all of the candidates have campaigned here during the past months.\r\n \r\n Biden had a rally in Copley in August, Obama had a rally in Fairlawn in Sept, and Romney had a rally in Cuyahoga Falls just last week... these three communities are all within a five mile radius of Akron.\r\n \r\n The cost of the Biden rally was $10,549 and Copley sent a bill to the "Obama for America" campaign but never received a penny.\r\n \r\n The cost of the Obama visit was $34,166 and Fairlawn sent a bill to the Obama campaign but has never been paid either... this cost excludes a $21,304 additional cost for the Akron convention center which the Democratic Mayor of Akron donated for the "privilege of hosting a sitting president."\r\n \r\n Romney's campaign visit? They contacted Cuyahoga Falls in advance, organized the plan, and promised to pay any extra expenses the city would incur. The city sent them a bill for $7,050 and the Romney campaign promptly paid it in full.\r\n \r\n Quoting the Mayor of Cuyahoga Falls, "I think it's self-evident who is accountable for their deeds and who isn't, who's accountable for their actions and who keeps blaming everyone else."\r\n \r\n Indeed, there's a stark contrast between these candidates.   \r\nRomney/Ryan 2012',1
'Mr. Bloomberg, a political independent in his third term leading New York City, has been sharply critical of both Mr. Obama, a Democrat, and Mitt Romney, the president’s Republican rival, saying that both men have failed to candidly confront the problems afflicting the nation. But he said he had decided over the past several days that Mr. Obama was the best candidate to tackle the global climate change that the mayor believes contributed to the violent storm, which took the lives of at least 38 New Yorkers and caused billions of dollars in damage.',1
'@Spy....I like the way you think.',1
'I agree with her.  I was an honor student, planning for college with prospects for an athletic scholarship.  I became pregnant at 17.  It's no walk in the park.  My parents were good, attentive supportive parents.  Their parenting did not affect my actions.  \r\n The show is irresponsible and the girls who go on the show need to go to counseling.  They need to make proper choices for themselves and their children, what ever those choices ultimately are.  \r\n My parents supported my decisions, but not my actions.  I took responsibility for myself and my child.  I worked, finished school and graduated on time with my high school class.  I worked, I bought a home, I raised my son.  I am 45, my son is now 26.  He was an honor student and went to a very nice 4 year college that I skrimpped and saved every penny to send him to.  No outside help.  I figured it out and worked for anything we had. \r\n People need to be responsible for themselves and the choices they make.  Quit putting your life on TV for the whole world to review and  critique.    This whole reality genre needs to stop, it's ridiculous, a train wreck everyday for those willing to participate and watch.',1
'ROFL --  I say that a lot  \r\n  \r\nalthough I would imagine if you could find a woolworth's wooden nickel -- given out in lieu of 1-4 cents of change, and taken by the store as good as 5 pennies in trade.  \r\n  \r\nThe antique road show on PBS would have some idiot say it could bring in $10,000 at auction if you had the right buyers there. \r\n  \r\nOne day they had a walking cane that was made from timber taken out of the independence hall in philadelphia and had one of the thirteen slugs cut out of the Liberty bell in order to try to repair it 100 years ago mounted at the top of the cane. \r\n  \r\nThe slug from the liberty bell considering you can not even touch the liberty bell and it being only one of thirteen such slugs must be worth $50,000,000 if Custers flag he flew at little big horn is worth over $5,000,000 having been sold for that at auction. \r\n  \r\nThe guy said the cane was only worth $32,000 I almost called up the show to find the owner of the cane and offer the $32,000 even though I only had $16,000 in the bank at the time. \r\n  \r\nthat show gets prices so wrong.',1
'this isnt news, this is common knowledge among both. my hubby is a non union cement mixer driver and says that on work sites that they share with union truckers, they have to take a different route and sometimes arent even allowed to use their port o potties!! i myself am in a union and hate it!',1
'That the climate is warming is established beyond reasonable doubt by the actual scientists.\r\n\r\nhttp://climate.nasa.  ​ gov/evidence/\r\n\r\nThe climate IS affected by natural cycles and the actual scientists doing the actual science KNOW this and have never said anything different.  Contrary to the rumors percolating through the blog-o-sphere, the actual scientists are not idiots.  \r\n\r\nScientists have been aware of the warming effects of CO2 since the 1800s and speculated even then that it would warm the Earth.  \r\n\r\nhttp://www.aip.org/h  ​ istory/climate/co2.h  ​ tm\r\n\r\n\r\nIn addition to the natural cycles of warming and cooling, some warming is due to anthropogenic CO2. \r\n\r\nhttp://climate.nasa.  ​ gov/causes/',1
'UUUUHHHHMMMMM no map????',1
'"Hey, you gonna pass that thing, or what?"',1
'At least they're still trying.',1
'I used to do childcare as a way to earn money and stay at home with my kids while they were young and was always amazed that complete strangers would hire me over the phone after a 3 minute conversation to watch their children. They probably had more thought in turning their keys over to a valet.',1
'Who the hell votes your pompous **** up?? I live on the West coast you blockhead so no i am not some fairy hair-dresser. Seriously I think your a Knicks fan, and you should bow down and suck a Cack because the 76'ers made it to the playoffs, and they've probably earned a championship more recently than any shitty team you root for (unless that's boston 'cuz boston's ok in my book). \r\n\r\nAND I'M NOT EVEN A BIG 76'ERS FAN, BUT RETARDS LIKE YOU MAKE ME APPRECIATE A GOOD TEAM LIKE THAT EVEN MORE!!!!',1
'I LOVE country music, always have from a child but I must agree the music is changing and I do wonder if it is because country music singers are younger and younger. Alot of what is now called Country, I consider pop and to add rap, aaarrrggghhhhh!',1
'It is just like the previous model except smaller and has a new number to go with it so it costs even more!!  Buy it you mindless sheeple!!\r\n \r\nNo thanks.  HD Kindle for me.',0
'VM0909 -- I dated a woman like that for 3 years, and the relationship fell apart just before I proposed.  It ended because we both wanted to "wear the pants" in the relationship -- I was not willing to yield to her strong personality. \r\n  \r\nFunny thing -- she and I both ended up getting married to TEACHERS.  She wears the pants in her family, and I wear the pants in mine.  Everyone is happy.  :)',1
'Tase my child for ANY reason and you will be receiving the worst ****-kicking of your miserable little life.A badge does not make a man an honorable person,it can be either a shield to hind your actions behind,or a symbol to remind you of the responsibility you carry as a public servant.I guess we see which this guy chose.Sad part is this has become the norm and not the exception.',1
'I've never not tipped.  If the service is bad, I leave a penny.',1
'You're lying, it is true.',1
'Well you fem-nazi, sorry to rain on your parade, but I wouldn't have any interest in the least to date a b!tch like you.',1
'I won a consolation prize when I lost a one-man rock fight',1
'OMG, is Mittnocchio really that retarded? i think so, this clarifies how truly out of touch he is with reality, and every day Americans in life on lifes terms.',1
'police should admit when they are wrong.  It is the only organization than is never wrong.  I know cops don't step up when they kill innocent people like high speed chases, or lying about fearing or your life or shooting a 13 yr old in the back and no one went to prison.  Or shooting an old man in bed with a pop can in his hand and at the wrong house.  What can't cops read addresses',1
'I think you mean. bush lied, americans died! How is that weapons of mass deception going for you? Dumb azz',1
'I think that, in a situation like this, luck plays a significant role.  I was only married for six years.  Unfortunately, my husband developed cancer and passed away at the age of 40.  I always feel a little envious when I read stories like this.  I cannot imagine what it would be like to marry someone and actually be blessed enough to grow old together.  After all the challenges we faced together with his disease, I'd like to think that we would have lasted for as long as this couple.',1
'I agree! Vegas in the old days was fun. Now it's like Disneyland. My feet hurt just thinking about it!',1
'All the things that Rose said are why I do not like MEN in Washington deciding what I will or will not do with my own body! My uterus should not even be a topic of conversation for these men! \r\nLet's see what they are discussing in DC: reduced education spending, fighting access to contraceptives and planned parenthood, reducing food stamps or welfare (which primarily only helps signle parents)... sounds to me like they are a bunch of men trying to make women solely dependant upon them. Sounds like "marry me or else"!',1
'I thought ecstasy hyped a person up not knocked them out ....????!!!!!!',1
'Colo. State Police are very good...they work the roads well and are not mean to drivers.  I have a lot of respect for the few that have pulled me over.  Actually...we need to get pulled over as there are periods when we do nothing but speed...so we do need to get checked, and observe the limits...\r\nI drive a limo here in Colo...last Sunday I did 385 miles...all Denver airport related...lot of miles...and the only problem is that I am under the same 12 point system as an old lady who goes down to King Soopers and back home.\r\nThis is very unfair, as my road exposure is 100 times more than her's.  So we need to change the system to what used to be called a Chauffer's License...with 15 points as the limit.\r\nBut just watch your speed...don't be in a hurry...or you will lose...and you will pay.\r\nCSP...thanks for a great job...and a fair one too !',0
'In my particular point of view I'am agree Of the That Princess Sofia it is Spanish or Latina From the original Royalty Caracterisitics of her nice face and blue or green eyes.',0
'Machine will be rigged to support whatever candidate the state election commission want to win. Remember one candidate is from Chicago, illinois',1
'he should be fired.. both the officer and the department sued.. and the kid should be allowed to tase him in the nuts.',1
'No, they're not "good quality".  I worked at Nordstrom, and every year, customers would bring their expensive UGG boots back because of poor quality - unraveling of the stitching, can't wear them in the rain, they stain easily...there are MANY more cuter boots on the market than these monstrosities!',1
'County Ain't County anymore. I'm 32 years old and remember listening to real country with my grandfather (Missing it more than ever). Not bashing them, they just aren't country singers.',1
'LOL  Good one, Laurel!',1
'" I just peed my pants..and I DON'T Care!"',1
'LOL.. IF you have to ask that question you are dumber then we make you out to be MSN',1
'CLASSIC WROTE: \r\nOBAMA HAS STRIPPED $$$730,000,000,000.0  ​ 0 FROM MEDICARE !!!!!! ================== \r\n  \r\n"CLASSIC PLEASE NAME THE BENEFITS THAT HAVE BEEN CUT." \r\n  \r\nI GUESS CLASSIC COULDN'T BACK HER BULLSH*T****** \r\n  \r\nMaybe those who gave this post a thumbs down could do what Classic didn't do????',1
'Chocolate tastes better when it picked with little delicate hands. IMO.',1
'Someone - we know your name and we're always glad you came.',1
'She looks and is a complete idiot.  I want to stab myself in the eye, every time she is on.  Keep Mario and let nipples go.  She is way in people's faces and touches everyone to the point of uncomfortable.',1
'Its pretty obvious they are two different handwritings.  The server was probably left a cash tip and wrote that in themself to gain poularity on the web...Success',1
'I worked at a texico once, owner/boss had me worked from 2pm till closing 9pm. he left his .38 for me to use incase of robbery. he said I had to guard his money. like chit I did. \r\nI did get robbed, and i didnt guard his money. he fired me over that. I told him, your damb money can be writen off as a lose and can be made back. but you cant write my life off or get it back if i got fatally shot protecting your money. him and his accountant went to prison aany way the next year for tax fraud.',1
'Christ, \r\ncommitment \r\ncommunication!!!',1
'Mr. Burns' endorsement pitch \r\n  \r\n  \r\nTop Five Worst Obamacare Taxes Coming in 2013, out of 20 tax increases as part of Obamacare.  \r\nNancy would not let anyone read it until it was voted on. \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medical Device Tax – a $20 billion tax increase: Medical device manufacturers employ 409,000 people in 12,000 plants across the country. Obamacare imposes a new 2.3 percent excise tax on gross sales  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Special Needs Kids Tax” – a $13 billion tax increase: The 30-35 million Americans who use a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) at work to pay for their family’s basic medical needs will face a new government cap of $2,500 (currently the accounts are unlimited under federal law, though employers are allowed to set a cap).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Surtax on Investment Income – a $123 billion tax increase: This is a new, 3.8 percentage point surtax on investment income earned in households making at least $250,000 ($200,000 single).  \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare “Haircut” for Medical Itemized Deductions – a $15.2 billion tax increase: Currently, those Americans facing high medical expenses are allowed a deduction to the extent that those expenses exceed 7.5 percent of adjusted gross income (AGI). This tax increase imposes a threshold of 10 percent of AGI. By limiting this deduction, Obamacare widens the net of taxable income for the sickest Americans.  \r\n\r\n \r\nThe Obamacare Medicare Payroll Tax Hike -- an $86.8 billion tax increase: The Medicare payroll tax is currently 2.9 percent on all wages and self-employment profits. Under this tax hike, wages and profits exceeding $200,000 ($250,000 in the case of married couples) will face a 3.8 percent rate instead. This is a direct marginal income tax hike on small business owners, who are liable for self-employment tax in most cases.  \r\n\r\n \r\n23 million out of work. 46.7 million food stamp recipients. Fewer Americans working today than Jan 2008. 16 TRILLION deficit. Obama gotta go!!',1
'If a boy has a pie how many twinkies can each boy have?',0
'The media is too lame of a thing to be basing your decision for voting on... in either direction. It's full of sensationalist overexaggerations and focuses on things such as Romney's nominated VP Ryan's washing dishes. Really? Who cares? News organizations take hold of "stories" where there aren't any real stories. In the end, I find both candidates to be boring, stupid, repetitive and not at all exciting. I'm so not looking forward to this election or the next four years. In the end, I can't even care who gets elected.',1
'With three teenagers driving at one point I became familiar with the solicitation letters from lawyers that arrived in the mail to inform me one of my sweet children had gotten a speeding ticket. All were speed traps and none were over 9mph over posted speeds. I discovered that by using the cheapest lawyer and have them plead faulty equipment(speedomete  ​ r), we could get the ticket dropped for payment of that offense. The insurance never saw the ticket and rates didn't go up. I essence it is just a shake down: City/county gets their fee, lawyer gets his fee, no driving infraction for the driver. I made the kids pay me back which teaches the lesson. There is no limit in NC to plead this way as long as it is a minor speeding violation.',0
'Oh I see, it's okay to take the comments of an intelligent , accomplished conservative woman out of context in an attempt to dismiss her as an irrelevant blithering idiot. Talk about a "war on women" LMAO.  Yeah I guess Michele is no Sandra Fluke. Sandra Fluke is a heroine to the left; a Georgetown law student who apparently has a very active social life. Sandra Fluke begs for free birth control b/c she 's having sex so often(instead of hitting the books) and doesnt have the intestinal fortitude to ask of her partners to help take responsibility. MIchele Bachmann on the other hand, became a lawyer while she mothered 5 of her own children plus a number of foster children. But to the sheeple on the left, Michele Bachmann is a clown. So much for "femninism".The left in its typical biased spin doctoring. Please refer to the foolish who apparently fall for the predigested pablum of the state-sponsored media and whose intolerance is transparently reflected in the following posts <eyeroll>',0
'So true.  Those apple addicts are a weird lot.',1
'LET'S FIND HIM AND BRUTALLY KICK  HIS **** . WHAT KIND OF SLIME HITS A PERSON IN A WHEEL CHAIR? HE SHOULD BE SHOT IN THE SPINE.   OR BETTER YET, HE SHOULD BE FORCED TO HAVE SEX WITH DICK CHENEY. SEMPER FI, YOU MORON. GO VOTE FOR ROMNEY!',0
'As many have said, go after the cop on civil and criminal charges. What he did was malicious to say the very least, and showed a gross lack of good judgement and common sense! \r\n This guy needs to be fired, at once.\r\n \r\n Sue the cop, but don't go after the police department, not unless they try to sweep it under the rug. This cop is a bad apple to be sure, but what good does it do to go after the police department who have people on there who do an exemplary job.',1
'Labor laws can just as easily be undone.\r\nWitness how easy it was to institute NAFTA, et al.\r\nWitness how effortless it was for the Rs to push through Gramm Blilley etc.\r\nWitness how smooth operators can just yell "Muslim" and "not born here" and how many are inducted into false beliefs, without bothering to investigate them.\r\nWitness how many are turned by simple slogans and engineered phrasing.\r\nWitness how much is gained financially to the top tiers using "shock doctrines". \r\n\r\nYes, labor laws are the codified results of the society's willingness to set things right and assist labor to share in the fruits of their labors.  But they can just as easily be abrogated should our collective incentives be poisoned, such as is happening now with the campaign to denigrate public and private unions, not to mention  public employees and especially, teachers.  \r\n\r\nVigilance is still key to maintaining labor rights and protections.',1
'Honestly?  I'd bone her.',1
'Dumb question!  He's going to hit someone and it won't be in the script.  He's cewk-kew.',1
'Does your company pay sick and vacation leave, retirement as well as medical/dental benefits and have a pay scale equivalent to industry standard for the types of jobs your company provides.? if so I find it odd that being non unionized was the only reason, there has to be more to it than that.',1
'You need abrain to feel emotion. All you have is a giant A$$ HOLE.',0
'They Unions are so used to doing what they want and lying about it and nothing ever happening to them that it's second nature....now that they have shown their cards to the nation they are scrambling to lie their way out again.  THe liberal papaers and media never report negative stoies on the unions or else they will regret it.  (loose their job, family looses jobs, people no longer do business with you).....it's intimidation at it's worst!',1
'The Governor and others have already clarified hours ago that this was one piece of wrong information given out, and have stated for the record that ALL qualified workers are welcome in NJ. Why not add that to the update and help to spread the truth?',1
'On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me, a tab of Yellow Sunshine LSD!',1
'that bozo cop',1
'Lol!',1
'I fail to see the glamour in the FAKE pics too.',1
'The problem is knowing which are competent/ethical and which are not.  From what I understand, 1.2% is a pretty high fee.',1
'I checked out 1432 on YouTube and found five girls mostly taking turns singing as soloists, and sounding fairly similar. My name suggestion for them would be "Superfluous."',1
'Heck, I am proud of Michael Ferns and I don't even know the young man',1
'I felt like the show was more of a Rock-Pop concert than a "Country Music" awards show.  It was the CMA's, correct?  I felt like Brad & Carrie were "off" a little bit - missing ques and pitchy at times.  Why does Carrie need to change outfits EVERY time she is on stage.  A little too much if you ask me. And as George Strait once said, "Whats up with all the smoke and lights, and smoke" during performances.  That too me is a whole like "Rock n Roll".  What happened to being on stage with your voice, guitar and band?  Now lets talk about the Kenny Chesney song.  I particulary did not care to watch him on his "yacht" and his currrent girlfriend.  Tacky Kenny....very tacky.  \r\nI also felt like the sound system came through very soft at times.  What is up with that NBC?',1
'No kiddin, V_L....He left out the "N", as in NADS!',1
'Still better than the alternative.  Whats the matter....prefer welfare, queenie?',1
'Yep, and like any GOOD PUPPET this one can Flip as well as Flop on the drop of a hat.',1
'Your question is irrelevant to the science.',0
'When I mention MORE people saving...I implied on a percentage basis of the population.\r\nSorry..If there was any confusion.',1
'Most cars now have a instant fuel mileage gauge, they also have an average.  To say that you had no idea what kind of mileage you are going to get is stupid.  Also there is a huge difference between freeway mileage at 55-60 than at 70-80.  I have gotten better than sticker with my last three cars.  Not all the time granted, but it was achievable.\r\nI think in the future you will see more cars get better than sticker mileage.',1
'PaxPax: \r\n  \r\n1) Take a balloon, blow it up and let it sit for a week. Is it smaller or larger than the original size? \r\n  \r\n2) Does "always" mean 1 year ago, 100 years ago, 500 years ago, 1000 years ago, 10,000 years ago? \r\n  \r\n3) See #1. \r\n  \r\n4) What was the Northwest Passage like prior to 1903? \r\n  \r\n5) 2 countries are not able to agree? Shocking. \r\n  \r\n6) Number of living trees measured in sq meters when base line was taken. Number of living trees measured in sq meters today. \r\n  \r\n7) When was the base line taken? \r\n  \r\n8) What existed prior to the permafrost? \r\n  \r\n9) Please rephrase the question. \r\n  \r\n10) Migration.',1
'You are the sheeple blindly following your leader without question because he promises free stuff. It's only the second day of the month...go spend some of your welfare check that people like me gave you.',1
'The media needs to get out of the business of politics, and start unbiased reporting again, they are trying to influence our decision, based on their publishers political allegiances.',1
'I strongly dislike rude customer service. I was watching a program on Food Network, and this couple's food that they ordered came out after some long hours, and it was cold, unseasoned, and rock hard. When the woman stood up to the server about it, the server (who was a young woman about in her twenties) called her a b**ch. It's important to help out people, it not only helps them but it helps in success in the workplace.',1
'I would think if your going to investigate two brands, while you are at it, I would investigate ALL brands as far as their fuel efficency- Most people know it depends on "how" & "where" they are driving-\r\nhills, city, highway, towing anything, vehicle is fully loaded with passengers or not, cargo, road conditions, tire pressure..all these Can & Do effect the "fuel efficency"....\r\nSo, do we leave it up to the auto manufacturers to do the testing or the goverment?',1
'Obama would not of even paid the tab our tax dollars',1
'Yes. It is the same as wearing a T shirt with a candidates name on it. She does not deserve any apology from anyone. If she tries to push this issue more strict laws will be enacted for it.',1
'That's pretty masculine handwriting for a single mom.',1
'What an embarrassment she bring to all Minnesotans.',1
'Ahhh...I thought we had that with PBS, right?',1
'These numbers have been used for decades and multiple presidents.  While I agree, that the numbers have some intrinsic problems, they are useful for comparing data year to year. \r\n  \r\nIt is hard to compare the data for available workforce.  This number is being calcuated, but stay-at-home-moms, early retirees, and the like make it even more unreliable.  In good times, the former examples are often higher than they are in tough times when everyone who can tries to work. \r\n  \r\nRepublican - I'm shocked and dismayed at your language and hate.  You need to get control of yourself.',1
'You are wrong.  That number is 120 to 150 Thousand.',1
'It's OVER GOP NAZIs It's OVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​  \r\n Obama 4 more years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!! \r\n GOP defeated THE GESTAPO OLD PARTY  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'People not buying them because like everyone said they cost to much! But if you buy a pair you will know how warm you are. I lived in CA and now in Idaho. and Love every pair i have i keep my kids with them on as well it is Freeezzzing here and will continue to buy ... I think publisher of this story finally went from kid size 6 to adult size and realized how much MORE they are lol .... if you wanna stay warm then UGGS TO THE RESCUE!!! $$ a bit pricey but well worth it they last for years if you take care of them :) UGGs :)',1
'Look, I don't care if it's impossible to find him, I want Waldo in my office in 24 hours!',1
'Best comment! You win!',1
'i have been wearing them since 1978...when i saw them on a skier from new zealland...then i sent to australia for them...i am a fan',1
'Life is so lonely,I am a single woman at present.I need a man who can love me back .I also uploaded my hot photos on[ google or bing seek add riders] under the name of Swedish…it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. I hope you will check my photos out there. Maybe you are the one who I'm looking for. ',0
'a penny or a box of rasins',0
'The voice has really helped Blake,',1
'Well someone should have Bloomberg's sanity checked, not only global warming support (this reason for endorsing Obama), but soft drink sizing, mosque in the 9-11 area, and etc.  \r\n \r\nThe earth is an ever evolving entity, it's been frozen, red hot, and everything in between.  It's just a phase we are now going through.  Maybe some of you are too young to remember but about 40 years ago the same idiots were telling us the planet is cooling & we are headed for an ice age.  The weather people can't even get the daily weather correct and they are trying to tell us of long term weather effects, what a JOKE.',1
'I guess I have to quote an old Freddy Fender song, "Wasted days and wasted nights" , because  last night's show was a waste of time.  If they want to sing pop or rock, sing pop or rock,  and label it as such. What was on tv last night was in no way country.  I'm sure Patsy Cline and Roy Acuff are turning over in their graves because of  what country music has become. It's really sad. Ever wonder why "Oh Brother where art thou?" did so well, as well as their concert album?  It's because of the people that are starving for true country and bluegrass music. There is such a lack of it today. Bring back the old Allison Krauss and Union Station, playing and singing REAL country and bluegrass, Ricky Skaggs, and the sweet harmonies of Vince Gill, and the Cox family.  You rarely see these folks on the awards show any more. Why? Maybe because they love country like we do and they are aware of the lack there of. Can't blame them for not wanting to be associated with the likes of this "New country." Thank God I've still got some old cds to listen to. Cds of when country was country.',1
'And I bet that you think your religion and your god is a american.',1
'you people who think your posts about being just a dog are cute?  Karma is a bitch, when this happens to your child I hope you get just as many morons posting about how you should move on...',1
'If he had said it was a mermaid. I'd believe him.',1
'My rule is: when you're caught, you're caught. Take the ticket and pay for it. If you don't like it, don't speed.',1
'So Africans with African slaves. They are screwed, can't blame the white man. Notice it's Africans that still have slavery.',0
'yeah sam what do you want?',1
'I was thinking the same thing.  Lets see if the posts change around prom season.',1
'Dont worry!!, i am Argentina and I think that sinse i have memory all the Presidents have been drunk and  took too much drugs the day that they deside to change something in our Constitution. This is ridiculo, like all the desicion that all the presidents had have in Argentina. The problem is that Argentina has not EDUCATION. and the sistem educative is a joke, until we dont think how to change that , Argentina always will took the most increible desicion.',1
'Who cares if they are a fad...if you like them, you like them.  That doesn't make you part of the mindless masses.  For the record, I don't like them.',1
'I would have asked one of the teachers to assist in asking the 10 year old boy to move away from the police car. \r\n \r\nBut, we also have to teach our children to obey when a request is asked of them …. We as adults recognize that the word “NO” is a negative used to form structures indicating that something is to no degree or in no way the case or conveying the general notion.  We also are aware that NO is often used to express refusal, denial, or the negation of a statement just made. \r\n \r\nI am not taking sides only to say we should also look at the parents and the past history of this 10 year old boy, and also the police officer.  Background information tells a story as to who we really are as a people.',0
'This is the most MORONIC statement ever. What in "SAM HILL" are HUG RELATED \r\nINJURIES???',1
'THERE WAS NO REASON AT ALL FOR THE MARKET TO DROP JUST ANOTHER MOVE TO TRY TO MAKE THE PRESIDENT LOOK BAD, SORRY GIRLS THAT JUST WONT GET IT!!!!!',1
'Stupid',1
'It almost seems as if they are trying to make a buck off tragedy. Totally tasteless.',1
'I am wondering aloud why everyone needs to always explain what Romney “really means” after he opens his mouth!?!?!?',0
'I live in Utah and they put this “sakcrete” stuff on top of our freeways as a repair and it turned into a total nightmare from hell.  The stuff  did not stick and it flaked off in chunks, as you are driving down the freeway, flipping everywhere.  It was a total mess and a huge embarrassment.  Somethings might work in a “lab” but real life is a total different story.',1
'I would not worry about what A BS says....His only investment is in that case of toilet paper he's going to need after next Tuesday and a boatload of Lego Toy Sets.',1
'The total inability of Congress to address ANY of these critical issues has put the entire country on a roller coaster ride which we have no idea when it will end.',1
'She didnt get her botox shot that day',1
'Bloomassberg, don't call me stupid.   You are the one that wants another 4 years of giving the country away.\r\n \r\nWake up America,  retire Hussane and his shadow.',1
'Hey oprah i really could use your help again this election. so here's the deal i will throw in a couple of cow's , buy you a couple of pizza joints with all you can eat pizza, 2 semi trucks of krispy cream dounuts and a small diet coke.',1
'roll me up and smoke me when i die ya gotta love it',1
'I bought a 2012 Accent and have complained about the milage from day one and their service department and public relations have NEVER been honest. I was lucky to get 32MPG on the highway and questioned their numbers of 40 MPG. Even when I bought the car the salesman said some people were getting 47MPG? I heard they had to be broken in and it was cold outside but never the TRUTH. This was my third and last Hyundai because of their LIES. They must be retired politicians.',1
'chris brown = POS',1
'lol that's what I was thinking',1
'He looks to say in his mind ok, whatever, thank you, i'm sleepy. by',1
'Nope, I can think of 101 other things to call Romney including the Flip Flop of the century.',1
'well is anyone here suprized.this state is on its knees for help and they turned away utility guys because hey dont pay union dues.****s.to quote forrest gump,stupid is as stupid does.i am done listening to news reports about  the poor jersey people.oooohhhh we need help.go to hell',1
'That's one way to numb the pain! =P lol',1
'Bloomberg endorses Obama\r\n\r\nWow, that is surprising, another who literally BOUGHT his position and extended it to NYC food Czar, is for a nanny state ....... truly shocking!',0
'Yep, that would be Korea Metal. ;)',0
'I agree that it's stupid that she is being punished but hug-related injuries aren't as ridiculous as it sounds.  I have a daycare and a lot of times have to enforce a "keep your hands to yourself" policy because hugs between 3 year old girls end up more as choke holds, or aren't necessarily wanted by the one being hugged which leads to shoving.  In the age of lawsuits... what options are schools ending up with?',1
'Why work? Just get pregant! Free Housing Free Cell Phones, Free Food, Free Rent, Free Money, Free Clothes, Free Christmas Gifts, Free Schooling /College, Free Transportation, Free Medical, Free Dental, Free Electric and FREE Gas and some even get a FREE HOUSE & CAR to.. Heck you wanna eat out? No problem many take the EBT now! Oh...... wait, YOU only receive foodstamps but WANT (more) a Pizzaria PIZZA YOU  SAY??? No Problem!!!! just get yourself a take and bake!\r\n \r\nPathetic.. seriously pathetic! How about teach your teens some morals! If you are on aid keep your legs closed if you dont approve of birth control! There should be a limit how many kids one can list on aid- if you sign up pregnant with 1 child you shouldnt be able to remain on it 10 years later 3 baby daddys and 4 more kids!',1
'Most reliable pet shops don't buy from Puppy mills.  This is a knee jerk reaction to a problems that really doesn't exist.',1
'hey msn why don't you list obama supporters? big unions, communist of american,\r\nblack panthers, left wing liberal activist, racist blacks, illegals, cast of pmsnbc liberal left\r\nwing network and the left wing bias media, and communist from all over the world and\r\nthose who are freeloading on welfare foodstamps and govt programs from Obama money!',0
'Jerry787... A good book: Fiat Money Inflation in France- written by Andrew Dickson White. You are 100% WRONG and history knows it. Banks will be closed before you know it and you will be starting over with nothing. Fiat paper turns into vapor once the crooks complete the caper.',0
'you like 40 hour a week job-benifits-representation and protection to protect workers from managers out to set production records at the cost of lives-live in poverty or get fair wages and benifits for your labor-unions have brought alot to this country making the working man and woman compensated for their labor-sweat shops where children and women died where eliminated due mainly to unions and their freinds in congress-at the turn of the cenutry a sweat shop in NYC caught fire and hundreds of women died because the local inspectors where paid off by management to look the other way concerning blocked  exit doors-doors not working and no fire escape- so you biggotted morons who hate unions remember this you can thank unions for your present day vacations,work conditions and equal pay for equal work',1
'Absolutely not!!!  Your average 21 year old is truly clueless and uninformed - leaving the country to teenagers and it's over for all of us!',1
'Imagine the uproar of dems if this scenario was reversed. Just shows how desperate the left has become.',1
'I have it in the bag. Thank God we don't have voter ID.',1
'My standard tip is 25%.  If a discount is applied, I tip as full price.  A 'good deal' should not impact the server's earnings.  If the service is really bad, I'll reduce the tip to 15% and make and see or call the manager to address it.  Not tipping or bad tipping doesn't improve the service.',1
'Oh try reading.  Queens, NY',1
'Every four years the Republican candidate titillates the ears of the weak minded by promising to shrink government, but you'll have to go all the way back to Tricky Dick to find a Republican that actually did it. Obama is growing government 5 times slower than Bush or Reagan did, if you are a true Financial Conservative, Obama's the obvious choice, or you can get socket in the jaw again by the GOP.',1
'apple rocks!',1
'I now pronounce you.....hold the thought father....some one just posted on my facebook. Hahaha.....what an @ss.',1
'Apple, you mean the much vaunted Apple stole names and technology and R&D... not only in the U.S., but China and other parts of the world, and now poor Mexico.  Shame on Apple.',1
'You could be right. I didn't realize there were that many freeloading Yankees too.',1
'Hahaha That's just scandalous!',1
'Mark Twain wrote, "Manners are a myth" meaning they are merely human fabrications. So, it is only we humans who seem to be in violation of table manners. For instance, in some cultures, only a particular hand may be used to eat with.',1
'No,instead be brain washed by bigoted church leaders and greedy corporations.',1
'Yeah- I feel so sorry for her and her 40 million dollar paycheck... poor kid.',1
'Hey wait!  Where is the community team building and neighbors locked arm in arm covering Staten Island in ten yard swaths??',1
'So awful you will wish you were in Benghazi Libya.',1
'No I wear real boots.',1
'You are missing the point because unlike you I am educated in the laws of quarantining an animal due to an attack.  No quarantine is needed if there is no injury sustained from the animal.  I should have guessed you have no children and only pets.  Also if you don't like the way I voice my opinion just ignore it and move on.  To much sympathy for animals.',1
'Seriously!?... I wish I was your man!  i work 50 hours a week while my lady stays home,  and still come home to a dirty house!!! lol',1
'OMG.  I love the Soviets one.  that one is hilarious!',1
'Really want to say how nice the police officers were in Blanding, Utah.  My boyfriend and I were traveling too fast through town, got stopped.  We pulled over immediately as we realized (too late) that we were traveling too fast through town.  Both of us have concealed weapons permits, which we disclosed immediately to the first officer who pulled us over.  Since we did have a gun in the vehicle, the first officer must have called for back-up.  In a matter of a minute a second officer (a supervisor) arrived on the scene.  I was so dismayed that I did NOT have my current proof of insurance.  I had just had major vehicle repairs made due to a breakdown in Colorado.  I believe my insurance papers were somehow removed by the men doing the repair work.  Those officers could have hauled us off to jail, I believe, but they let us continue on our way back to Michigan with just a warning.  I thought for sure that we would have been detained in Blanding but it was the exact opposite.  Those 2 officers really earned a great deal of respect from us Michiganders!  Thanks to the Great State of Utah!!',1
'I haven't bought or consumed any of their products since Budweiser pulled its NHRA sponsorship shortly after the buyout and shot me the line that they were pulling out of ALL racing in order to focus the company in a new direction, only to shift their monies solely to NASCAR. Shame on them for being both liars and two-faced.',1
'So, basically, cops can do whatever they want. Big effin' surprise! If they don't like you, or you don't kiss their **** or feed their tiny egos you get a ticket, or go to jail. Good thing people are starting to record them and post what they do on Youtube. Most cops don't like it very much because it holds them accountable. It's not just their word against whomever happens to get victimized by them. Don't get me wrong, I know there are some good cops out there who are doing the job for the right reason: to help people. But there are WAY too many insecure little boys wearing that uniform.',1
'the kid is most likely an illegal like is parents are and now his parents have a way to become legal and live the great american dream being rich by suing the state, pathetic, should have use lead not a taser! problem solved.',0
'Yes, I have and yes, I do change the channel.  However, the commercials for this junk seem to be everywhere and you can't fast forward through them if you are watching a show in real time.',1
'John, u cant take gov out until companies and private sector step up....Quote from billionaire mark cuban',1
'Jonathan Berr and all you liberals are idiots. There is evidence of this out there. Berr is a liar and trying to down play what is going on. Typical of MSDNC and all the liberal media. Berr states above they are going home because their work is done. I did not know that NJ and NY are all powered up already and every thing is back to normal. Man that was quick. Use your brains people. They would not be heading home because their work is done.',1
'BEST. CANDY. EVER.',1
'blind sheep are the ones who read articles full of documented facts and claim it;s not true without a clue whether or it or not because the bagger mentality is such that whatever it believes is true is, and whatever disproves what they believe is false.',1
'I knew Spydersgalore was going to say that.',1
'This is great news for men.  Let women fight for their little rights and become equal.  Soon we can sit around and spend up all their money on useless sh!t like tools, games, beer, cigars and knives the way women expect us to pay for make up, purses, shoes etc.\r\n \r\nLet the double standard begin as women cry "I make the money you can't do that" and see how far it gets them.\r\n \r\nLooking forward to marrying up, and getting divorced so I can be taken care of for not doing sh!t with my life.',1
'I'd like to think that a "higher being" has a hand in this.....Call it "divine intervention" for the stupid:)',1
'Excellent performance from the copper!  That ought to teach the little nosepicker to follow instructions!',0
'But still it's not good to spend that much then clain you have no money. I'm a single dad, I've raised my two girls alone for 13 years. I don't know what it's like to even get child support but I still leave a tip when I take my girls out to eat.',1
'take care of yourselves, dont be ****es thinking the gov is going to bail anyone out..  take action, move forward!',1
'it's really about the closest thing to a "career' that she has.',1
'exactly...i never get what mine say either even my prius never did better than 48mpg',1
'I've known several mormans.  I don't care what they believe, what I'm most worried about is how well can the country be lead.',1
'Entertainer of the year, shouldn't it go to someone who entertains?  Why is it Blake didn't feel he deserved it? He even said, I don't go out and entertain.  Taylor should have won, she Entertains.',1
'They are build in CA, not Finland.',1
'Lose interes in sex, my ****. He was sleeping with someone else on the side. Seriously, who believes this crock of ****?',1
'Blondes are even smarter than Bachmann',1
'Haha, wait, was that sarcasm? If not, a state-run news program is really not the way to go. Talk about a streamline to propoganda! Just look how good it works for people in the middle east... We need to keep freedom of press. We can't give that right up to the state.',1
'My 12 year old son and I attended the first opening of The Hunger Games here locally.... Now the simple fact that he sat through the entire movie was impressive with-in its self.... We both had a few laughs and both freaked out as events unfolded....\r\nI don't see a repeat of that ever happening again though....',1
'" The American public are so stupid they don't realize the voting machines are giving me the vote even though they checked the box or Mitt."\r\n \r\n                                             " I've got this election all sewed up."',1
'Oh, and I've never received HUG RELATED INJURIES by receiving hugs from these US Navy warriors.....SEALS.   All I've gotten was the feeling that my presence (as well as that of my fellow riders) is appreciated.',1
'i agree w/ sam. anyone's beauty is on the inside. you could be the hottest person on the planet, but if ur acting like a butt to everyone, youre pretty ugly. inside.',1
'And send more guns!  Oh, you already covered that....\r\nSend more ammo....Lots of ammo.  and Maxim magazines.',1
'It's called GREED!',1
'Leave Jerry alone. He used to be our Mayor of this great sh*t hole city of Cincinnati. Untill he was busted for writing a check to pay a prostitute. LMAO',1
'Typical RPA!  Who cares...we got people starving, freezing, and dying in NYand NJ!  What the heck, is this more important than the former?  Get a life EPA.  Test the drinking water in NY and NJ!  Get heads out of rears long enough to make those suffering folks lives better, for once!',1
'Yhe pictures of Obama, not Romney!',1
'Robme makes bush look like a scholar.',1
'easy to hide behind the internet... believe me im sure people would mind if they accidentally euthnanized your entire family and left you to deal with it... your moms a dog...',1
'@MJ We all do, both parties lie! I have to say though, Romney is a dumba*s!',1
'I think that turnabout is fair play, and I want to Taser the cop....while he's standing in a puddle!',1
'That's the most logical explanation about the current market I've heard all day.',1
'Maybe a t-rex gave them bad directions',1
'HEY,THEY WANT A REFUND.',1
'Remove his address immediately Deemed, I am not playing....',1
'Unions are nothing but legalized extortion.',1
'And I stand corrected......to quote the super beast....if any one of those four pieces of $hit;s teeth were on fire I wouldn't  piss in their mouths to put it out.....is that better?  Gosh darn.....I think I see a glimmer of a soul in that one and I guess he has to come right out and prove me wrong.....an all new low for this waste product that is for sure!',1
'i don;t believe this woman at this point.!!!  I thnk Cee Lo's celebrity status has opend him up to a lot of golddigging whores who want to ride his coat tail and wallet to 15 minutes of fame.... Like that chick that accused Mike Tyson  of rape.... and I still feel that was a crock of BS too ... How much do you want to bet this chick will want to settle out of court ?',1
'Colt - $20 BILLION DOLLARS TO REPAIR, AND REBUILD',1
'Wilma23\r\n \r\nI'm no expert at handwriting analyses but it looks the same to me. The O's curve upwards to a point and the G's are angled the same. In my opinion I do not see any foul play here just a cheap skate.',1
'I don't prefer Maru or Shishi-Maru, although both are adorable. The one I prefer is curled up on top of my feet at the moment, named Skittles.',1
'obvoiusly you since you commented...',1
'I agree with you to a point. Money isn't everything, but love doesn't pay the rent. If men aren't bringing home the bacon, they need to be helping out the woman in other ways. Child rearing, house work, budgeting, grocery shopping. A lot of women I know have to go out and work full time jobs and STILL come home and work a full time job inside the home.  \r\n  \r\nIf a man can't afford to take a woman to a restaurant, they can at least remember her birthday and pick her some flowers, plan a picnic at a local park (that's FREE).  \r\n  \r\nAs a woman, my concern is what I see as a general lack of thoughtfulness with men out there lately. They work, yes, but they come home and think their day is done. They aren't thoughtful, helpful. MOST women just want a man to have some compassion.  \r\n  \r\nMy heart would just swell if my husband would stop by our local market and buy me some $3.00 flowers or go on a walk with me. And before anyone says ANYTHING, I do plenty of nice things for him, he just seems to take it for granted. :(',1
'Well, the first millenia wasn't long enough, huh? Ok. We can do that. But the kids are whining, I'm hungry, and worked my fingers to the bone. Bring a beer and get your a$$ in the kitchen. Laundry needs doing too. I'll be in front of the TV. And hurry it up or I'll punch you in the mouth, b1tch.',1
'was just gonna say, I'm no expert, but I've done ecstasy a handful of times back in college, and never was knocked out cold.',1
'Too bad job growth isn't keeping up with population growth.',1
'"There's really no reason for a re-election, I've got everyone in my pocket already"',1
'I'm glad someone is standing up for what they believe in. My mother was a victim of domestic violence from my father. He would get drunk and do extremely violent things to her, WHILE MY BROTHER AND I WERE IN THE ROOM, OR IN THE NEXT ROOM OVER. He would throw her down the stairs, slam her into our chimney, verbally and sexually assault.',1
'Was Osama Peter Sucker .... Ausblasen ihre ****',0
'does anybody have any chips',1
'Labor unions in the U.S. = more jobs in China.',1
'What a jerk',1
'Tasteless...Yes but at  least she's not nude.',1
'They better hide him in come closet for the next week. No better yet keep him Talking. If someone is going to say something Stuptid It's our Vice President. He is as bad as Al Gore.',1
'Well hedk dieselmech, liberal voters are kind of "funny" anyway.',1
'they need to get their prices down with pabst price,its union made beer',1
'How much money did Obummer's administration give failing businesses (Union businesses)... this is what comes from a Socialist agenda.  Help all when in need until those who benefit (the union's) are called upon for help... then reject need and threaten Non-union workers to keep them out of your nest.  We need a change... NOT 4 more years of failed policy.  BTW... what I've heard about the Mormon religion is that they have one of the world's best welfare and assistance programs.  Work for your welfare, help those in need (church members or not)... sounds like what our country needs.',1
'Too thrilled about Sheldon Blake winning...tired of Taylor Swift (all her songs sound alike).  Just looooove Keith Urban, I think he should have been a very worthy second.  I agree with "Big Sleep"...Blown Away stinks, it's no song, it's just a lot of screaming. Oh and Miranda and Kelly Clarkson need help with their wardrobes...nothing they wore last night was flattering at all!',0
'What do you expect from me,I'm only the president,call God for Pete sake.',1
'I was a single mom, who was a server & never did this. At the same time though a tip is just a courtesy, it's not mandatory.',1
'When the people of the United States get smart, I have a back up as a talk show host ,  I'll just keep doing what i have been for the last four years NOTHING ............... Barak Obomba',1
'Two more years of unhonorable political theatrics ahead in my humble prediction. Republicans need to get a clue. Now, instead of 2 years from now. Won't happen tho. The unhonorable polarization of republicans is too strong at this point. \r\n \r\nCounting Bush's 8 years of dysfunction, the last 4 wasted by republicans, 2 more to clean congress, THATS 14 "f"ing years republicans have screwed this country! 14!',0
'WHICH "bible"? Christian, Muslim, Jew, Satanic, Pagan, etc, etc?',1
'Depends - most people know when they're being rude or not doing their best.  Mostly I figure a goose-egg on the tip line or nothing left on the table can be a more effective reminder that gratuities are just that.',1
'not a big  deal,      prince harry wore nazi uniform 2 a costume party, and Hitler leveled england, thousands of children dress up as satan every. and chris brown dressed up like a middle eastern farmer. Did u know our military allows afghanistan to farm half the worlds supply of herion?',1
'I think average Americans who care about family, God and Country like NOEM, should run this country.... Scientists should not be a part of politics.. They should stick to what they know.... Science!!!!',0
'Is there a good credit card?',1
'So let me get this straight, You think I am ignorant because the storm hit NY and NJ knocking out the power and not where these people claiming to be qualified linemen came from? Or is it because I am skeptical of their qualifications? Wow that is intelligent, you must be really smart. With that type of logic we should also send anyone that wants to help out the military on missions without training them and just trust them when they say they are qualified. What could possibly go wrong there either. Oh yea People could be killed in that situation too.\r\n \r\nThe fact is High voltage power lines are extremely dangerous and you need to be able to trust the people you are working with or you can die. Not understanding that is ignorant. Which means "Lacking knowledge, information, or awareness in general about something or in particular" in case you had the wrong word',1
'I believe Cee Lo. There is always someone trying to get money for nothing when it comes to involvement with a celebrity.And what is the accuser's name? We have a right to know that since CeeLo is being named.',1
'I bet you go to your job and work for free, just so you can contribute to the well being of all mankind. You work for a profit and the company you work for has to make a profit. Unless your one of those government employees that work very little and get paid too much. Do you only buy made in America products. If not your part of the problem not the solution.',1
'Bunnicula. I remember this cartoon show that featured a vampire rabbit named bunnicula....he was freaky looking with red eyes. He would drain the garden veggies of juice with his fangs. It was completely absurd, I guess that's why I remember it. Does anyone remember Bunnicula?',1
'As Filthyswit would say... more religious silliness :) \r\n\r\nSuppose he put the same faith in the prayers that "cured" his wife's cancer, and pray that his leg grows back.We all know that will never happen. Put your faith in science and get you a bionic leg son!!! This is the exact reason science will always dominate religion, faith, and prayers. Oh, and for the record, science cured polio, not prayers... LOL  \r\n\r\nSeems to me if God cured his wife's cancer and he lost a leg, that's a fair trade. Especially when dealing with the most evil deity known to mankind',0
'Robert you look like one serious dude.. The big question is when is the tipping point {peak high temprature} that is going to suspend enough water vapor in the air to cause the reversal and big cool down?? We pretty much know that the cool down is very fast and the warm up is very slow.. Since we swing back and forth on 200,000 to 350,000 year cycles and none of the experts can verify the min. and max temps but some agree and some disagree that we have/have not peaked yet.. This all proves nothing..',1
'This is a slanted picture, not to mention out of date. A traditional degree may not mean as much as it used to (see below).  Women are still taking more degrees in Liberal Arts and Business than in Science.  Areas of study such as intellience analysis (both military and business), however, have seen certain courses deleted in favor of a "softer" approach that may make the degree more attractive to some women, but rob students of useful tools.  What men are doing, in contrast, is flocking to technical schools and places that have a "hands on" approach.  In more traditional colleges and universities, they still tend to dominate in engineering and other fields that involve the dreaded "math and science." Thank Goodness some girls and women understand that while women tend to be better with verbal skills than men at least early on, that doesn't mean females have to struggle with other subjects -- they just have to tackle them early in life, and not avoid them later on. (And not every person's brain is wired the same way. The days of those talking dolls that say, "Math is hard" are gone.)  Both men and women today recognize that the concept of "marrying up", however, is archaic. Using online training and eduation, both men and women can target their studies as adults to remain competitive in their chosen field, or change their field as the job market changes. Whether that study lead to a traditional degree is irrelevant.  Who earns what will depend on adaptability and willingness to keep learning. Initial, traditional levels of education may have very little to do with lifetime earnings.  Finallly, marriage is a partnership, not a contest, I should point out.',1
'Minecraft is a game, Knight. no objectives, really. just run about, build yourself a house, then build whatever the hell you want.',1
'I didn't get to see the show last night but I don't even watch GAC or CMT because it's been going pop and rock for a long time. Sad',1
'imo the prequls were better than originals. luke skywalker was an abolute wuss boy douche cannoe',1
'When will one of the 'Trashian's OD and make the world a better place? That is the real news',0
'Over 1000 more US soldiers have died in Afghanistan in Obama's 4 years in office then the previous 8 under Bushy. Nice "Change" Barry.',1
'"Oh well, at least I got over for 4 years. I can't believe how naive these idiots are."',1
'Obama - let's Move forward to 1976 Moscow',1
'I once read , "In a democracy, people get the government they deserve,"  In only 4 more days we'll see what Americans really want.',1
'Who the hell wants to vote for a liar who refuses to  talk to reporters or anyone(even Faux News) for three weeks in a Presidential campaign?   What would that moron mormon do in the White House press conferences...put his fingers in his ears and yell la la la la la....i can't hear you?\r\nThere is something so freaking creepy about a man who walks with little tiny baby steps and rotates his head back and forth wearing a smirk on his face.  He has some real temper issues.  Notice also that Walton family of his is laying low too.  The heat must be turning up quickly on the Munsters.',1
'Somehow, I want to listen to the new Neil Young and the new Coup at the same time.',1
'Still looking for all them jobs the Mitt Witt made while at Bain Capital .. Oh im sorry my mistake they were all companies he ran into the ground and bankrupt them ! He made 20,000 $ for every person he made unemployed in them American companies ! Go wall street , That a boy Mitt. LMFAO . BTW i never seen a budget balanced with just cuts in programs and no revenue. NEVER..',0
'I rarely go to the beach, I live in Colorado. More mountains than beaches over here. Although  I would love to go to a beach again.',1
'Jeff-R and SRT Driver were arrested for petty theft of the same at the backdoor. They are backdoor kind of guys.',1
'Team Romney Admits “Relief” Event Was Staged for Political Reasons \r\nI also found this part of the story fascinating. The Romney campaign admits that the intent behind the rally was swing state election visibility, not hurricane relief: \r\n \r\nBut Boston wasn’t quite ready to lose a full day of swing state visibility with a week left in the race. So, after some deliberation, the campaign decided to use their existing venue in Ohio to stage a makeshift, and nonpartisan, humanitarian project. It would be a way for Romney to show leadership — and get on the local news — without looking craven or opportunistic. \r\nThey weren’t willing to lose a day’s visibility in a swing state, so they came up with the event and crafted it in a way that would still get them political benefit, but would camouflage the intent.  So, as I predicted, Team Romney saw Hurricane Sandy – saw the imminent peril of tens of millions of Americans – as a political "oppotunity" to exploit.',1
'i bet jim cantore cant do that!!!',1
'Even Mitt admitted climate change is undeniable, and once he even said that it could be attributed to man-made pollution.\r\n\r\nBut now that the oily billionaire Koch brothers are backing Mitt, he has to flip-flop on that stance.',1
'What is it???',0
'@ Cable412- Yeah I get that sometimes. Pretty cool of you to speak for Pittsburgh on here considering that 95% of that city is too stupid to figure out how to work a computer. Ha!',0
'Croc, I agree. I've been through Hurricane Hugo, a super typhoon on Guam as well as a "standard" typhoon and countless storms. When you are warned, prepare. Top off your tanks before, stock up on propane, canned and dry foods. Yes, even water. Not just for drinking but for washing up and flushing also. Don't depend on the government to rescue you. They can't fix stupid either.',1
'With $4.5million earnings per year, it sounds like Big Bird  SHOULD go to the food bank and help out.  A lot of people are going hungry in the Obama economy !',1
'The key to winning is A JURY TRIAL. It's very hard for them to find a jury that will convict you of some minor traffic violation. DO NOT TRY THIS IF YOU HAVE KILLED SOMEBODY, DID A LOT OF DAMAGE TO SOMEBODY ELSE'S PROPERTY, OR YOU ARE AN IDIOT.',1
'It's no coincidence that the fairer sex has their eyes located at chest level.',1
'hmmmm cleaning up cups and hotdog wrappers Compares to cleaning up sand, sewage, building debris, downed power lines, dead animals, overturned cars, fallen trees, etc. etc.\r\n \r\nmaybe it is comparable in the mind of a rich dude like mitt, which means he's too narcissistic to be in power, too dangerously clueless.',1
'LOL, good call CK....I get the feeling it's a female myself......or one of those gentlemen are trying very hard to make it look that way....well RTP acts like a woman so it could be him, RT is a bitch so he too could be lady bird here....now Deemed, sorry I can't see him being able to pull it off being a girl....sorry there is nothing feminine about him....the other two no doubt lol big putty-tat you are way too much you always make me laugh!!!\r\nAgain, the Buffalo Bill reference you are over the top......but now it makes sense all of those dinner invitations, I guess I didn't realize I could have been dinner LMAO, whoops, wrong character...that was Hanibal LOL',1
'They will sell if they make them afforable! Put a lttle more grip in the bottoms!!!\r\nI dont think the b word is needed!',1
'where's the democrats and left wing media about this voter fraud story?\r\nlaurel345 another stupid comment! your so stupid!',0
'have you not read reports about the machines doing just that',1
'years from now we'll be reading about Tebow getting caught cruising a rest stop.',1
'why would you say that, look at it this way, the guy's prayers just been answered he's going to get millions',1
'The eastern coastal areas hit hard by Sandy have done nothing in many decades to prevent this kind of devastation from a huge hurricane because they are broke and because these kinds of hurricanes rarely hit that part of the US. The last time before last year with Irene was between 1954 and 1960 when the east coast was hit with 10 huge hurricanes. Those of us in Texas have been plagued for years with huge storms but each time they rebuild it is with better planning and architecture to deal with hurricanes. Maybe New York and New Jersey will rebuild smarter.',1
'Larry - i expect around the same.  Have a great day and i shall do my best :) \r\n  \r\nNorthernil & buddadon - wouldn't it be nice if y'all could put the hate aside to see the point?  What seems impossible can be accomplished by a whole lot of people pitching in to help.  Even if it means there is nothing in it for you.',0
'Romney will never win. The die is cast we are just waiting to bury his dreams. He will never be president. It is a family thing.',1
'the handwriting doesnt match, the person who signed it wrote the service was great bit, but someone else wrote the single mom sorry bit. manytimes when i go out i dont tip on my card i tip with cash that way i know the server is getting what i think they deserve and they arent uping the tip on the bill later. ive seen several servers do that before and it pisses me off. maybe she left a cash tip and they didnt feel it was enough and decided to stir up some anger, or maybe whoever bussed the table pocketed the cash. if servers dont tip out they're bus boy/girl sometimes they take what they can later on to even the field.',1
'a dozen bagels once....',1
'99% agree? You're not just a dumb treehumper, you're a lying dumb treehumper.',1
'What does it have to do with Staten Island?  The connection is that the Federal government is responding (with even devout Republicans agreeing) to the whole disaster in both Jersey and NY at a response level far better than Katrina.  There just aren't radically quick fixes with such massive destruction.  In fact, Romney thinks each state can deal with disasters better without Federal manpower (I think Bush took that approach with Katrina).  The problem with that thinking is that a state can't do sh*t when its infrastructure is wiped out.  Thank God for large Federal agencies that are able to provide disaster relief at all.',1
'That's a crap question, MSN. Apple is the infringer here, make your question fit the situation.',1
'Noted',1
'Stupid Bitch!!!!',1
'like I said golfing and drinking beer on our dime is clearly not working',1
'Def channeling Bill Clinton, saying to the person on the phone, "It's arithmetic, b***tcchhh"',0
'"Oh, really? We lost four people in Benghazi? That's not "Optimal", but we can cover it up until after the election, when I have more flexibility" \r\n \r\nHere’s CBS’ latest release on Benghazi,       Not from Fox; \r\n When the Mainstream Media starts Outing Obama, you know The Chit is about to Hit the Fan!\r\n\r\n  "CBS News has released a clip of an interview by Steve Kroft of 60 Minutes on Sep. 12 with President Barack Obama that indicates Obama knew the assault on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya was a premeditated terror attack–and suggests the White House later deceived the public by blaming protests against an anti-Islam video. CBS chose not to air the clip for over a month–but did air Obama’s attack on Romney that same night." \r\n  \r\n"CBS News has learned that during the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. Mission in Benghazi, the Obama Administration did not convene its top interagency counterterrorism resource: the Counterterrorism Security Group, (CSG)." \r\n  \r\n“The CSG is the one group that’s supposed to know what resources every agency has. They know of multiple options and have the ability to coordinate counterterrorism assets across all the agencies,” a high-ranking government official told CBS News. “They were not allowed to do their job. They were not called upon.“',1
'R.I.P Mitch. Condolences to family and friends.',1
'I just read the book; "The Corporation; The Pathological Pursuit of Power and Profits" by Richard Bakan. This not only exactly conforms  to what he's written about, that corporations, now people because of Citizens United and a corrupted, politicized Supreme Court, are psychotic people. Economist Milton Friedman would applaud the use of slave labor because in his opinion, the corporation has one objective and that's to increase profits and it's immoral for them to consider morality in their actions, a betrayal of the shareholders. This is not just the state of the world today but throughout time; read the books of 100 years ago by the muckrakers. This is the world of Mitt Romney and the plutocrats whose railing against "big government" is a ruse to eliminate all policing of corporations and the methods they use to increase the bottom line including slave labor, cruel and inhuman employment practices, ruining the health of the young, destructionof the environment, and social responsibility of any kind except for PR purposes. If you are a working person and vote Republican, you are voting against your own human interests and those of the helpless and poverty stricken around the world. Try squaring that circle of your professed Christian beliefs. That the stockholders are filing this suit is an interesting and hopeful development. To give up some of your dividends so as to compel the corporation to do right is the most hopeful sign possible, far more so than government regulations.',0
'But workers for Joe Wheeler, based in Trinity, Ala., are unionized and are going home after being deployed to Denton, Md., according company spokeswoman Mandi Philips.\r\n"I don't know how we got thrown into the mix," she said, adding that the crews are coming home because their work is done. "As we waited for clarification, we became aware that Seaside Heights received the assistance they needed from other sources," the statement says. "To be clear, at no time were our crews 'turned away' from the utility in Seaside Heights\r\n====================  ​ ====================  ​ ==============\r\n \r\nGOP/TP = the Party of Bullsh!t,  Posters like  jdmeck, longislandtea and TWWI1961 seem to love to wallow in it, they give meaning to the word "stupidity".  The article cleary states the work ork crew WAS unionized, but went home because other crews to care of the work.  Why don't you guys try to spin the Brazilian Oil Loan again.',1
'I have not had a speeding ticket for years because I never drive more than five (5) m.p.h. over the limit. I do this by using my cruise control when on the open road and observing my odometer at all other times. The last ticket I remember, a state highway patrolman  charged me for 72 in a 60 m.p.h. zone on an interstate. I was polite to the officer and pled NOT GUILTY to the charge and appeared in court at which time I declared my intent to represent myself WITH THE ASSISTANCE OF A COURT APPOINTED LAWYER. and requested SIX MONTHS TO STUDY THE LAWS SO I COULD DEFEND MYSELF FROM THESE FALSE CHARGES, AND THAT A LAW LIBRARY BE MADE AVAILABLE TO ME.  When I returned to court at a later date, I told the judge that the lawyer was biased and would not give me the assistance I needed and asked for a different lawyer and another six months to prepare. The judge looked at me , laughed and said " I remember you." and dismissed my case.',1
'SuperBeast's address everyone -- 1508 Indiana NE Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110',0
'That's a helluva way to be outed, which is TOO hilarious!  All his family and friends will be paying for that, figuratively.',1
'First: there have been hundreds of disasters around the world. The South East has had 10 times the amount of storm damage than the NY area. Tornadoes have wiped out whole towns in the Mid-West.  Remember the Tsunami in Japan. Devastation: you bet.  Crying about it:  Un-American. Put down your damn cell phones; pick up a shovel, and build your life again.  Tears and complaining won't get it done.',1
'Seems for this man, faith is only a matter of what you can get out of the deal.',1
'We agree on that, however, many radical environmentalists want to make the world think it's all the fault of human beings.\r\n\r\nIf you look at the long range weather data we have, we're due to go back to ice age soon.',1
'In many states you are guilty of a crime defending yourself with a legal weapon like the guy in Florida.. He acted like a responsible citizen.. Whether he exceeded the local laws has not been determined..',1
'Really you can't find a better story than this to publish?',0
'I think she looks great !! is her name Sandy too?',1
'typical racist !!!!',1
'No numb nuts, I was clear about who I was talking about, nice try though !',1
'oh please, "man's handwriting"... as someone who sees a LOT of different handwriting from many different people, both male and female (am a teacher), they are not so different anymore... years ago maybe this arguement would make more sense, back whem women were expected to be dainty housewives... not anymore',1
'Did a burning bush give you all these "facts" or did you read it on some stone tablets??',1
'I'm a dog person but I have to admit that is one cute kitty ! Very cool markings!',1
'INSANE  \r\n WHEN YOU ARE ATTEMPTING TO BANKRUPT A COUNTRY YOU MUST SPEND',0
'hey babe...Hows about we go out to our baby car seats after our nap and have some Gerber baby food?  How does that sound, eh?',1
'list your research.  the technology we have today, wasnt around when there was the dust bowl. it wasnt around when there was an ice age. \r\nincase you havent paid attention, the earth has shifted its axes, i have notice the sun rising in a different part of the eastern sky. how do i know that, thats cause i sit by a window facing east southeast, the sun use to shine on my monitor. it doesnt now cause the earth shifted its axes.',1
'It would be better than the people we actually have now running the board',0
'I bet she still swallows!',1
'How much you make is not as important as how much you spend.  Being "set" for life is different for every person.',1
'Who can work at the salary they earned in 2007 or before in today's economy.  Do they not know the real unemployment rate is about 22% and probably even higher for those age 55 and greater due to age discrimination.   How do you earn 5.5% when CDs are paying .5 to 2%?',1
'Your Right Bill, Monica Is Awesome!',1
'Country Music and the teeny bopper  artists are not Country any More. And the CMA Awards show that as a fact!',0
'LOL, i bet he hates himself for saying that.',1
'Still wear my Ugg boots I don't care so much about what's in or out they are warm in winter and keep your feet cool and dry in summer. Only problem is they are way over priced.',1
'Times change',1
'These kids had been hitting the bong :p',1
'Swift boat 2012!  Rumors are not facts.',1
'may a windfall come your way so you learn that your misery is self inflicted. you cant see the forrest because of that damn tree. refocus.',1
'Nobody of sound mind would pay a dime to watch this girl perform with something that's torn.',1
'You can take your pick of any other Dog for free ??? !!!\r\nI'd be like okay, give me back My Dog, you don't just replace a Dog as you would a fallen hamburger that hit the floor.  In most cases a Family Dog is just that !!! a Family Dog, he she's part of the Family.  To our Family that would be very close to running over one of our Kids and then saying that they are sorry but you can go down and pick out another child from the lock up to replace it, no,,, it doesn't work that easily.  There's a heavy bond between Family and their Dog that makes that Dog Family.\r\nI wouldn't take very kindly to someone doing that to us as if the Dog was just a deposible item,,,, THEY'RE NOT!  It's hard enough when the Pet gets old and has to be put down or to find it in the corner of the room dead from old age.  \r\nI hope those at the Dog Shelter gets around to reading some of these, they are in bad need of learning what a Family Dog is to a Family.',1
'This happens daily between union locals in Illinois. One union contractor in one area (county) has to get a "permit " and pay a fee to work in an other. It's the union way of doing things.',1
'I agree with Socially Unacceptable. Almost every comment (most of them idiotic) are saying New Yorkers this, New Yorkers that. Truth is, it can happen anywhere in this country. No matter how big or small the city is. We as humans will ALWAYS be worried about ourselves as individuals. When s**t hits the fan in your hometown, you really think you're going to be worried about the next person? No, only you and your family. I mean com'on, why waste time helping out another person or family when you got your own took care for in a time of crisis? Its the survival mode kicking in. Steal and Kill. Pillage and Plunder. You hypocrites know you will do the same thing. But of course the only reason the majority of you are even commenting on this subject is because you live nowhere near New York or along the east coast and lower states where hurricanes and powerul storms are unheard of.',1
'F**k Budwieser, or any other company that is not owned and operatored in America, \r\nGlad to see americans finally waking up and realising that products such as Bud, Gerbers,\r\n Alka seltzer and so many other companies like them who sell out America for a quick buck\r\n are getting what they desrve.Here's some more so called american icon products that\r\nare sending jobs & money to Europe while americans can't find work, 7eleven stores, Holiday Inn\r\nThe Chrsysler Building, Fierstone tires,Dial soap, National Grid gas & electric and so many more.\r\nFor those of you who would like see the economy improve, it's simple, bring back textile,The jewelry\r\nindustry to america. How simple is that. If you make it here, sell it here..recession over',1
'Breaks my heart. I miss the Country Music. I don't know why I even watched part of it. I quit listening to the radio a long time ago..Country stations started going by the wayside..There are many people out there that want the Awards to go back to Country. That other stuff has their own awards.....I won't gripe anymore..Just miss the old Reba style, George Strait and just plain old Country Music...I'm not gripeing about all the winners  ...  but it is just sad ..you don't even see some of the great country singers in the audiences anymore...they are still around ....I am old...I spent my early years listening to Hank Thompson and others jamming (as you call it) in my family's kitchen.....  I grew up listening to the great stars before they were great....it is just sad.',1
'Offering higher interest on liquid savings is asking the bank to pay you for something you were going to do anyway.  They aren't going to do it if there isn't a benefit to them.  They are still private enterprises after all.',1
'yea, what wife?  Oh the wife that works 400 miles away from home but manages to work 18 hours a day and still have time to come home to those delicious hot cooked meals he whips up, that one, right? LOL\r\n \r\nok little blue bird?  what gives?  who the hell are you? and don't say J-bird either, because you are NOT the real J-Bird....you are a troll bird...what gives?',1
'Thankfully, we live in a constitutional republic, not a democracy.',1
'I'm with you there. I just have to be drunk enough to hit that 'complete purchase' button and not feel sick to my stomach for paying $200.',1
'She's quite shapely. I've got my dong in my hand and thinking of her!',0
'" has more czars than the past 43 Presidents..."\r\nIN LIEU OF THE STAFF CONGRESS DENIED HIM.',1
'Some people have to turn everything political.',1
'I LOVE RICK......HE HATES  MSNBC.....$20 say's he gets canned! \r\n  \r\n"CNBC's Rick Santelli discussing the math on the jobs survey from February 2009 to now and finds the Obama administration comes in down -61,000 jobs:" \r\n  \r\nwatch video at breitbart......earpl  ​ ugs a must',0
'Because politicians can smell money from a tax better than a shark can smell blood in the water......',1
'Anytime innocent people (especially children) are hurt or killed by the violent actions of others, I've always believed in an eye for an eye...I'm from Brazil and in certain parts of my country, this way of thinking was and is not uncommon.',1
'Pretty cool, Clint',1
'ANYTHING THAT COULD HELP STOP DOMESTIC VIOLENCE IS A GOOD THING',1
'Scot did what he needed to do. Job well done.',1
'MisterKyte    ABC and CBS have both started OUTING Obama over the Benghazi Clusterphuk. --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ----   Anybody ever notice that MisterKyte's post are always a noun, a verb and Benghazi...',1
'Dems main concerns are handouts and safety nets, someone else pays, marriage for sexually weird, open borders, killling babies, and humping tees.',1
'Even joe hates the nigga. Obama da nigga no body wants.',0
'The most life-changing moment I've ever experienced, was watching my now 32 year old son come into the world.  Til the very moment I laid eyes on him, I hadn't wanted to be a father.  The very second I saw him, it all came together for me, and I knew, clearly, my purpose was to take care of him, and make sure he grew up to be a contributing member of society.  After high school, he joined the Marines, served dutifully in Iraq, Afghanistan and Liberia (during the civil war), and now is a married father of my two beautiful grandsons.  This guy is a jerk, and a myopic, spoiled, simpering fool.',1
'Not dropping here in metro Detroit. In fact, prices are UP since last week. Nice try, MSN.....',1
'What does she really do for a living, all I ever see or hear about her, is sound bites of what an attention starved slut she is. I mean we just had a devastating hurricane on the east coast, and she tries to get back into the lime light by having rumors spread that she did another porn. You are a sick self-serving ego-maniac Kim K, you have no place in any public venue. Go back to the sewers with your creepy mom and sisters, Oh-and take ocomom with you..',1
'So do babies.',1
'Pepsi adds human fetal tissue to pepsi as a flavor enhancer. Child labor is nothing compared to this horrible truth. \r\nYour cosmetics you use to keep your face young looking uses human fetal tissue from Russia and China.\r\nWhen it becomes common practice to feed each other to others feeding cows to cows feeding human fetal tissue to you as a flavor enhancer...\r\nYou reap what you SOW',1
'"Tammy Duckworth holds a 10-point lead over Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.), an advantage the Democratic congressional candidate is seeing thanks to Walsh's controversial comments and Tea Party membership, according to a poll released Friday by the Chicago Tribune and WGN-TV."\r\n \r\n Great day for America when JOE the Doucebag Loses......Bad day for his ex-wife and kids.....Joe the DEAD BEAT DAD won't have a check to  garnish any longer.....',1
'a',0
'What's really weird is that my last two Mercedes are rated at 19/24 and I routinely get 21/25 overall.  On a long drive I always get 25 to 28....oh, and I forgot to mention that on the hwy I easily drive 70-80 mph when I get the sustained 27-28.  The bad news, of course, is that I have to use premium fuel.',1
'I have groceries to buy, who has $150 to drop on a pair of shoes?',1
'Giggity, monkey, giggity giggity.',0
'If anyone notics, the handwriting that says Thank you it was great and the handwriting that says sorry single mom are two different hand writings',1
'Well there's no such thing as a god, so I guess even the media knows Obama's fake.',1
'No.',1
'Hopefully her kids will pull a Breaking Amish and run. Must be sad to think at 18 that this is what your life will forever be.',0
'Is it just me or does anyone else fail to see any glamour in the real pics?',0
'america has been like that for a long time now',1
'Did anyone else notice the central theme here?  LAWYERS for the retirement system of UNION employees filed suit to produce records of an American Corporation concerning a FOREIGN grown product  The Harkin-Engel Protocol (Tom Harkin DEMOCRATIC LAWYER from Iowa serving in the US Senate (60%  LAWYERS) and Eliot Engel DEMOCRATIC LAWYER from New York serving in the US House of Representatives (37% LAWYERS)), a resolution that passed the House but not the Senate, concerned FOREIGN labor used in the planting of cocoa by TWO MILLION  FARMERS AND FAMILIES used in the production of chocolate.    The Hershey Corporation pledge to be 100% certified cocoa by 2020 ignored a study by Tulane University LAW SCHOOL funded by a grant (TAXPAYER MONEY) from the US Department of LABOR. \r\nIt seems William Shakespeare was right concerning LAWYERS',1
'Terrible and bizarre tragedy indeed. My thoughts and prayers are with the victim's families. \r\nPrayer for the suspects family as well.',1
'she reminds me of that insurance guy cause trouble',0
'John Torian-\r\n \r\nAnother empty headed person on here. GREAT! Yes the Earth goes through climate changes. BUT NOT THIS FAST! It normally takes 1000's of years. It is now taking only decades. HMMMMMMM. What could that possibly mean? Let me break it down for you since you obviously are mentally challenged. People put more "green house gases" in the air than what is "naturally occurring". That means that the warming process is speeding up. Of course, with how thick your skull seems to be, you still won't understand. It's all a lie to you. Go think of more conspiracies and leave the educated conversations to those who have an education. Or at least a brain stem.',1
'Did any of you read through this story? I did. I am a supervisor (non union) that oversees a union workforce. We have few problems and the problems we do have are mostly minor issues. Getting back to the story, if you read it through, you will come to see it was the union workers that were going home not the non union employees. The non union group were being sent to NY. Maybe if everyone would look at all workers as individuals and give each their own contract everyone would be happy, except for the HR people doing the yearly evaluations on a few million people.....think!',1
'Is there any originality left in Hollywood? \r\nI'm still waiting for a movie based on Contra.  They keep screwing up classics by making movies out of them, so why not go for one of the best.  They already screwed Double Dragon and Super Mario.',1
