@RELATION 'traning data'
@ATTRIBUTE text string
@ATTRIBUTE class-attr {0, 1}
@DATA
'no, but no, no,no,not stupid. now add up the pros and cons of having biceps that big.',1
'yes i\'m worried. i have lupus. the bad thing about it, there\'s nothing i can do about it. it\'s the end of the world as we know it!',1
'kristen had better have a real strong game plan to show robert she is completely serious & sincere--!!---robert  ​ --keep an eye on things for awhile--be sure--!!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​  ​ .​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​.​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'that\'s probably why the thief is a thief because their poor and on welfare.  it\'s good you know that theft is a economic issue.',1
'its  a dogrus....half pup, half walrus',1
'ok, i mentioned gay marriage but that wasn\'t the basis of my post. what we\'re talking about here is how you people see something (evolution) you don\'t agree with and throw a fit over it.   all you see is the word \'gay\' and freak out. you\'re like everyone else. calm your tits.',1
'you\'re a loser!',1
'oh! no!.....you mean the conservative trolls living in their parent\'s basements, don\'t like me?????  whatever will i do????  oh....wait....i\'ll run up to the second floor of our brownstone and ask my handsome, liberal husband....',1
'based on what you have posted, and accepting the premise that all of it is true,  why, facing the failure of the world monetary system would anyone who currently owns gold exchange it for money which according to your post is destined to fail.     no, i did not miss the if.  i am merely wondering why any sane, knowledgeable individual would exchange their gold for dollars or the currency of any other country?',1
'will the smart people ever be on santorum’s side?  nope.  want to find out of your smart or not?  if you support this guy, you are an idiot.  if you do not support this guy, it doesn\'t make you smart but certainly smarter than the people that do support him... haha',1
'as with everything else she says , it\'s wishful thinking on her part .      obama has made carter look good.',1
'i.\'m sorry guy but why? the rest of you need some serious help. too much body fat but i do appaluad the effort it took to build those and you did build them without help from the government. posing without a shirt is telling.',1
'this is steroids, 100%. look at the difference in growth between the forearms and the bicep/ tricep. it\'s not natural for any human being. go to your gym, find the strongest/ most ripped guy there and his arms still won\'t look this messed up. the only way to do this is with steroids. what\'s sad is it\'s been done before and the guy who did it (i forget the name, look up the man whose biceps exploded) regrets it. this guy needs a pee test.',1
'a cheat is a cheat...is a cheat...is a cheat!  move on.  hollywood is notorius for cheats.  so what is he going to do?  continue to date a cheat? get a new life.',1
'i know this guy we workout in the same gym, he cant even do **** now he said he workout six hours, he dont even lift 300 pounds no shoulders no triceps. hahaha he make me laugh.',1
'take a look at his forearms in comparison to his biceps , ....nothing in the way of defined forearm which you would think would have some shape and form to them after working his biceps likes this , ....i\'m suspicious of this based on this observation !',1
'of course you have to pay a premium above the spot price of the metal, that is the dealer\'s profit, and it also helps cover his costs. don\'t forget, you pay a commission when you by other investments as well. anyway, here are the questions you should ask yourself if you are considering buying gold and or silver. 1. do you trust the government to do massive, meaningful budget cuts? 2. do you believe the federal reserve looks after the best interest of the people, or the banks? 3. do you expect inflation to rise/continue? 4. do you expect the dollar to lose more \'buying power" {lose value due to money printing}? personally, i don\'t see any political will by either party to cut spending. if they try, they will crash the economy. not to mention piss off allot of people expecting their piece of the pie. the fed is doing it\'s best to produce inflation, even though ben says he isn\'t. he will never admit that. he also serves the banks interest, not the general public. he is trying to force liquidity into the system {very inflationary}. inflation is already well above what is stated, look at the price of oil, food and all commodities {core inflation}. the central banks of the world are tryi',1
'do something and read the source article before you start getting smart.',1
'people\'s choice documentary award:  blackberry people\'s choice midnight madness award:  the skyy vodka award for best canadian first feature film:  the city of toronto and canada goose award for best canadian feature film:  award for best canadian short film:           ',0
'your beautiful.       jockomo',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'should i wear shorts or pants tomarrow',1
'i don\'t know whether to feel sorry for the guy or vomit...',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via...........      ....♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!           ',0
'lol shot some roids in to forearm dont look right how is he lifting 500 pounds not with forearms looking like that  lol maybe record in world smallest forearms',1
'tabbiek , i don\'t need a lesson from you , the whole  thing is you got my point. thats what counts. i read a lot of what others write and make mistakes, but i get their message and thats what counts.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​..  ​ .​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'well, lol, when i was 20 it would have been nice.  just wondering about this guy, can he scratch the back of his head?',1
'could you imagine waking up to nancy without any clothing, she looks bad enough with clothes on ugh,ugh, i actually feel sorry for the husband.',1
'it reminds me of the sponge bob episode where he buys the blowup arms and can\'t lift a glass with them!',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via...........      ....♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!           ',0
'nice attempt to scare the sheep into  getting fleeced! but having a piece of paper saying you own gold (shares, etf,) or having someone else holding your gold for you(wink, wink)  is not the same as a chunk of the shiny metal (or coin shaped) in your hand is not the same!! freedom in america currently allows you to do so as in most of the world! it always has some intrinsic value. no government can print or make it!',1
'don\'t forget \'shrooms, hydro, lsd and cacti.',1
'i love street musicians.... but what i\'ve noticed,  i only stop to listen to them when i\'m traveling.  probably just too busy with something to enjoy my time when i\'m home and have to work.   thumbs up to this guy!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'just what are these gals after anyway????',1
'yes..... arn\'t you???',1
'dang girl can i have your #',1
'rob: don\'t do it! it\'s a trap!',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'yeah, we saw how well that worked out for dubya, didn\'t we?',1
'we are seeing the resolution of a silver ponzi scheme here.... $90 million gross in silver "investments" and the "investors" may get back pennies on the dollar.  a stash of silver was sold at $34/oz but this is nowhere near enough.     a former coworker bought silver on 50% margin in 1985 at $5.40/oz.  so neglecting interest, storage costs, insurance, etc. he made 7.1% per year.  he sold two apartment buildings to fund his silver investment.  given the demand for apartments today, i fail to see how he came out ahead with silver.',1
'yes, who wouldn\'t be.',1
'idiot',1
'i did read it, twat...it\'s a useless parlor trick at best with no readily available applications. waves that cancel each other out have been around a long time, an educated guess could have produced the same result.',0
'president obama inherited a 2 trillion dollar debt. what about that. that  is 8 years of trinkle down economics from bush/cheney. that is the trinkle down theory that the republicans talk about all the time. barack obama is dammed if he does and dammed if he doesn\'t. any idiot knows this can\'t be fixed  in 4yrs, maybe not even 4 more years. i still think barack obama is the best man for the job.',1
'not even if i were a guy. it looks like something went terribly wrong! i\'m sorry for this misguided man, he\'s been duped by society and believes bigger is better. not this time i\'m sorry to say.',1
'this guy isn\'t a bodybuilder he is injecting  synthol, look at the lumps no veins in his forearms,he looks as if he rarely even lifts weights..anyone can inject this junk for fake muscles...and there are actually people believing this is his muscle,     he will end up in a hospital with a infection or worse.',1
'i would never want biceps like that!! it\'s so completly and utterly disgusting!!!!  he will deeply regret it in years to come when it turns to flab. and it will!!',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i think what she ment to say was that:  everybody knows that she won\'t ever be president!     thank god!',1
'someone...who\'s really no one,       it\'s hard for "me" to believe that anyone as grammatically challenged as you are "thinks" that anyone else would give a flying flip about what you have to say about nancy or anyone else for that matter.        you sound like a real puck. i guess a coupon for each and every health concern you may have suits you just fine. and what about a pre-existing condition?        romney says you "can\'t" have health care insurance if you have a pre-existing medical issue without having prior health insurance. wtf?   ',1
'of all the ten listed shows that are ending, i have never watched a single on.',1
'hate animal abusers? you\'ll love what ny wants to do to them.       all of that delicious meat just going to waste   i bet the korean and vietnam’s people are crying their eyes out, they consider that an abusive waste.  what a shame.   restaurant prices will go thru the roof.  what a shame.   whenever anyone talks about animal abuse, the people in those neighborhoods tremble and cry.  what a shame.',1
'i\'m sure the democrats have more tricks up their sleeves other than just letting illegals vote. this women is a typical scumbag, what do you expect...',1
'had a friend from school that lived with lupus for 65 years.    you have to fight it !!  good luck and god bless you !!!',1
'you go girl.  you know who you are and where you come from, where you are going.  life should be so clear for the rest of us.  i pray for continued peace strength and courage for you and your family.  keep your head up, you inspire those beautiful at heart.',1
'it amazes me the amount of ignorance on this site. no amount of steroids will ever make anyone arms look like that. that’s oil that he injected into his arms. his arms will look like that for the rest of his life. those injections will most likely kill him if he doesn’t have the surgery to have it removed.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'trust me, you\'re the ugly one',1
'just like you right?',1
'nope. just nature fighting back against a species that can\'t control it\'s numbers.  damn.....did i just really type that?',1
'he probably has legs like olive oyl',1
'no; they\'re disgusting. body building is the height of self indulgence... the equivalent of public masturbation. as for how tough he might be, it was the human brain that got us to this point; not the muscles.',1
'what happens to his fore arms? it\'s about symmetry! other parts are not proportionate to the huge biceps.    he should have also use the opportunity to at least go to school so he doesn\'t pump gas for the rest of his life.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i don\'t need a gun.  if anyone attacks me or breaks into my house, all i have to do is undress. would scare the sh... out of anyone.',1
'i\'ve heard of all of these. the zonda is one of my top favorite cars.',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'it\'s very true.  romney will not buy the white house.',1
'who would want biceps like that. he doesn\'t look strong, his arms look freaky like they\'re filled with jello .',1
'absolutely, positively a step (baby step that is) in the right direction. that sort of information would allow someone like me to relentlessly harass, and abuse the abuser, something i\'m sure they\'d be none to happy with. and yes, i would be relentless in my pursuit of despicable behavior to them. abuse would be my revenge on behalf of the animals - a revenge they could not exact themselves. wrong you say? so what, this wrong does make it right. for the animals.',1
'no, bad idea. r-patzy     (had to say it, lol....still, i feel for the guy falling so hard for someone willing to toss him aside on a dime...)',0
'i\'m with you notbabysdaddy!  nonsense isnt the word i would choose, but i\'m with you bud!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'yeh run along little girl, get your husband to \'tell you what to do\' !  lmao',1
'can you spell steroids?  i knew you could....',1
'it looks gross and fake',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'you\'re kidding, right?  if you\'re not, i feel sorry for you!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'no we are not making excuses....merely doing what you would be doing if you were not keeping busy being brainwashed.  when are you going to stop making excuses for the filthy rich?',1
'com\'mon guys.  you can\'t answer for either of them until you have walked in their shoes.  sure she made a mistake, but she was honest enough to apologize publicly and take all the heat for admitting how wrong she was.  they appear to love each other a great deal.  no, i\'m not a groupy.  in fact, i\'m a 70-y/o grandmother who doesn\'t even go to the movies.  one of the most valuable lessons we all have to learn is forgiveness, and no one is asking for your forgiveness.  it\'s really just between the two of them.  if it\'s true they are trying to work it out, all the more power to them.  what makes so many people  feel so "perfect" that they feel they know what is best for not just one, but two other people?  that\'s really the height of conceit.  only those who have never made a mistake and never did anything wrong would seem to be qualified to do so.  however, you know, anyone who has never made a mistake or did anything wrong wouldn\'t dream of judging either of them or anyone else.',1
'already has.',1
'sooooooooooooo don\'t give a crap. sigh.',1
'why bother , hes destroying himself !',1
'popeye looked better than that! give me a break. popeye would not stoop to this level.lol his were from spinich.',1
'i\'m going to a wedding next week and i swear to god.....if they do the gangnam at the reception, we\'re walking out and taking our gift with us....',1
'what happens to his fore arms? it\'s about symmetry! other parts are not proportionate to the huge biceps.    he should have also use the opportunity to at least go to school so he doesn\'t pump gas for the rest of his life.',1
'no it says "the love of money is a root of all sorts of evil", read it before you quote it',1
'you\'re probably right about the steroid use.  so, so what?  working out, eating right, and, taking steroids.  he\'s where he wants to be and has the biceps he wants.  i worked out following a "power lifting" routine and suspected some guys were taking steroids.  a couple admitted  it and;  "so what\'s it to you?  i\'m doing what i need to do."  as far as steroids go, i\'m not judging because while it\'s not wise it\'s not my choice and if it helps win competitiions, so be it.  folks say it\'s not fair to take steroids, well, they can choose to take them too if it\'s important enough.',1
'would some doctor some where please help this woman.  i am sure there is a doctor in the house that will work for free come on dont be shy step up she seems really nice it would be a good thing to do. ..  i know i have a great doctor you can barely tell i have been run over twice in the last 8 years  i swear you wouldn\'t know it other than the limp',0
'i am still at a loss when killing people is far less offensive than a tape.  i believe that the ambassador was killed because he was one of the most effective diplomats we have and i don\'t believe that the case was the tape, but rather the overt terriorism that is ruining this world and most specifically our country!  we need to stand up for our country !!!~',1
'it\'s been good publicity for the movie! if you ask me all the pictures were staged. i mean really! they must have hired the photographer because he was pretty up close and personal! as for the other guy and his wife, i don\'t think it hurt them either. sales must be up for the movie!!',1
'o.0 looks like he needs a girl friend and stop watching porn :p',1
'someone with some martial art skills will definitely destroy him.',1
'i can understand wanting to have a firm, fit, muscular body like, say, the bowflex guy, or a male gymnast. but i certainly can’t understand turning yourself into a deformed freak just to be in the guinness book of world records. and personally i think all world cl****fessional body builders, both male and female, look freakish and deformed. let’s face it, there is an optimal percentage of muscle mass for a human being to have, both for aesthetic appeal and overall athletic ability. anything beyond that optimum point though just detracts from both of these areas. i guess if one has severely low self-esteem though he will never think he is big enough or strong enough. and as for those who take up competitive bodybuilding i guess they will just do anything to their bodies in order to be able to say they are the best at something. i have always been a very athletic person myself but i just dont understand building up muscle simply for the sake of building up muscle.',1
'the untreatable super bug is headed for san fran. by maggots.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'i did exactly that,, bought silver  at $ 5.15 oz 30 years ago   sold it at  at $22, oz 4 years ago ( prices are after the dealer\'s charge ) i  just wish i had been smart enough to get three or four times what i got  when i got it.      granted i am still broke but i was bedt free after i sold it.',0
'i actually saw it a few years ago. it is a pretty good movie.',1
'the human race, much like flea\'s on a dog. the earth will figure out a way to get us off it\'s back.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.             ',0
'sorry jay mor would be better... ever listen to him fill in on rome?   oh that is right you want a more lame sports guy so that the audience can keep up -  keep it weak nbc',1
'one thing is for sure my hands are tired no mo comments for me',1
'she looks bad with a paper bag over her head!!!!!!!',1
'well, yes--it\'s easy as i only have one.  someone might want to re-count those children, as i am seeing seven of them (six in the bike, one pedaling his own bike). if the woman can\'t even count her own children, it could explain why she can\'t figure out how to quit having more than she needs.',1
'there should be rules:  1.)-all supermodels are required to be nude in public  2.)-ordinary citizens under 50 years with a body mass index less than 25 may be nude in public without pentalty.  3.)-if citizens over 50 and/or  bmi over 25 choose to be nude in public they may be ticketed and required to be rated by a jury of their "peers." anyone rated less than 5 out of 10 is permanently banned from public nudity unless they can show proof of intensive physical training or plastic surgery, in which case they can appeal.  4.)-sex in public subject to ratings and anyone convicted of boring sex is banned from public display. individuals involved also subject to number 3.  5.)-repeat offenders will be banned to an islamic country of thier choosing.',1
'yes it does! science will not stop unless the reality of terror strikes. but then it will be too late because we live in a world plagued by terrorists who would think they can use it.',1
'i\'ll pass on anything selling death, thank you, whether it can make money or not.  long run, it\'s just death.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​  ​ .​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i hear ya. just like all those fashion people that have to pay over $20 for a pair of jeans, or over $25 for a pair of shoes.',1
'oh for god\'s sake - no',1
'"you plug the volt in each night and drive to and from work without using gas."  this depends greatly on where you live and if you have a long commute. i\'m still not on board with electric since a lot of power plants are still fueled by coal. so how is that really saving you money or the environment in the long run?',1
'cute forearms lol. retarded',1
'crazy, we don\'t have a problem with financial success unless it comes by suppression of the masses of people in america, or the vulture tactics of republicans.  good luck with free trade romney, your new ryan privatized social security and voucher program medicare. don\'t drink the water.',1
'4 pounds of meat a day on a pumping gas job, economy must be good!!!',1
'don\'t you have someone else to stalk?',0
'it\'s only a bunch of fat...or photo shop!',1
'its so cute i\'m gunna die!!!!!!!!!',1
'bt, like most of our leaders, have no understanding of islam.  maybe if you read the bible instead of disdaining it, you would have a clearer idea of what islam is about and why there are no simple solutions.',1
'this is not a real bodybuilder, he has inflicted injections of steroids into his arms, because to build his triceps would take too make years and they would like nicer.    he\'s totally a freak, note his chest and forearms, they are not proportionally build to mach his fake triceps.    this guy is ****ed for good.',0
'i don\'t care, but i don\'t think it needs to be removed because some people pretend that they do care.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'all right you two - settle this like ladies. bra & panties only - tickle fight. i\'ll be the referee.',1
'synthol injected ? no, look at his tiny forearms , id love to armwrestle him and put his roid bis to shame',1
'im sorry, but its just flat fing groose.',1
'lame',1
'there\'s a lot of george clinton in this niki gal, maybe some bootsy collins.     maybe george clinton and jackée harry aka sandra clark had a love child.',1
'so, how does suspending liquid with sound waves aid pharmaceutical development?  anyone?  anyone?',0
'stupid comment, the runner would have scored a touchdown anyway, so it is moot.  watch the video again, if the blocker had just twisted like he did without even touching the runner, the runner still scores.  i hate it when idiot media people don\'t know the rules of football.  technically i guess you could say he helped him, but since the video clearly shows that he would have made it anyway, i\'m guess the ref just ignored the irrelevant information, in short the ref made the right call and a review of the ref will also prove that he made the right call!',1
'@gil... ditto !!     73 tomorrow.     old farts rock !!!',1
'a pillory comes to mind.',1
'wow that is really freaky. it looks like he has tumors on his triceps. they should be about half that size and his forearms bigger. really looks bad',1
'in 6 months you\'ll probably hear about this clown dead of an embolism or septicemia from the camel piss he injected into his arms.',1
'never have never will, i\'d be to embarrassed.',0
'riding around with a arm laid out the window is what it\'s all about, lol.  big biceps get the attention desired.  man, he ought to be a model for fruit  of the loom sleveless "t" shirts.',1
'just because you post it......doesn\'t make it so.',1
'wouldn\'t there still be a need to liquify, when many phamaceutical ingredients lose their potency if liquified?     heck we\'re talking about a lot of variables, right? a completely soundless chamber, the waves themselves never actually altering the equipment, no outside inteference (even from minute vibrational waves from earth movement), the density of the "liquid" used...it is cool though',0
'those are not his biceps. those are his biceps and triceps!!!!',1
'p athetic             e mptyheaded             l oony             o ut of touch             s enile              i nsane',1
'just the next population control aids.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'animal experimentation is a necessary evil. it has far advanced medical science and has also been beneficial to animals on a whole. would you rather live in a world ravaged by curable inflictions that go unchecked or in a world with less?',1
'so now,  this is the reason why everyone should preplan and fund funeral and cemetery services and merchandise!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!  seriously, if the superbug gets you, would your family know what you would have wanted?  will they do the right thing?       if it makes sense to protect your family from things that might happen, doesn\'t it make even better sense to plan for what will (eventually) happen?      the preceding is not a commercial for any funeral home or cemetery in particular.  however, it\'s better to know one and not need one now than to not know one and then need one.',1
'good idea !   i\'ve buried a lot of people that had real old $200-$500 prepaid plans while today total costs run $3,000-55,000 plus cemetery costs.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'i\'ll take this over this................  ​ ...     police find 17 bodies dumped on road in western mexico',1
'poor lil buddy looks drunk on the sugar from the pastries. scoop him up carefully and put him out side where you  think he\'ll be safe from predators for a while & let him sleep off his sugar buzz. he\'s really cute, and awfully sticky i might add....maybe a bowl of water nearby to help him would be humane too. that\'s what i would most definitely do, if it were me.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'ur a bitch',1
'this is kind of like a cartoon.  so with that in mind what can you say but.......       i\'m popeye the sailor man   i\'m popeye the sailor man   i\'m strong at the finish   cause i eat\'s me spinich   i\'m popeye the sailor man.   toot, toot!!       all he really needs is a little anchor on each arm.  olive oyl will love him.',1
'you want security? buy lead and brass. gold won\'t do a damn thing for you when the world goes to hell.',1
'msn in order to retain both consumers and your credibility, you need to loose all the dating spam that pops up over and over and over on every single article.',1
'listen!!! it\'s fake it\'s  synthol...he injecting liquid junk in his arms it\'s extremely dangerous and stupid..lifting weights doesn\'t have anything to do with the size of his arms...    look up synthol and see all the idiots doing this..',1
'uh, no!!',1
'steroids dont work that way. its synthol. its oil  injected under muscle to make it bulge. so in fact it is the same weak muscle just bulged. bodybuilders even roiders are laughing at him. he just liked his 15 mins too much he became caught in delusion.',1
'i sometimes get upset when shows are cancelled but this crap i won\'t miss',1
'sow, you uptight a-hole.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'can the average person still think that life has dealt them a lousy hand after watching this video???                                                                  i don\'t see how!!!!',0
'im really worried,i live right next door to nhi',1
'how does he get his shirt on?',1
'look at his tiny girly-man forearms ! this retard has had some kind of plastic surgery implants done because if he was lifting to get upper arms ( biceps and triceps ) that bloated he would have forearms that were bigger than the models that he is posing with.',1
'no, but they make them a**holes like you',1
'well, more bad news...gold up over 4 bucks and overseas markets starting to the upside.  ok, crazy....so when is the world coming to an end, again?  its just you, the other neocons and the mayans now, isnt it?  i chortle at thee, ever with glee~!    off to a nice fish and rice dinner, if i can wrestle it away from the cat.     have a good night, all.',1
'if you just don\'t acknowledge it, there is nothing they can do!!  done it on all of them.',1
'do you know anything about geography **** or are you just plain ignorant of where it started and were it was found since january.     it is now half way across the united states, which is an open enviroment.         question:::: did you go to school and if you did, did your learn anything?        i can\'t believe how stupid people have become since i was in school and living for the past 70 years, unbelievable!',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on --- matchwealthy ----under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious                   ',0
'i have predicted that the world\'s next shortage will be of fresh water.  personally i started conserving water in every way i could a few years ago.  unfortunately i see selfish people who waste water on things such as keeping their lawn green, etc..',1
'i\'m reading this, and maybe because i have to run a large household myself i wonder how she possibly does it. i find myself having to shop nearly every day, buying cartfuls of food, clothes, household goods; i\'d have to make multiple trips...what would we do to see my son\'s asthma specialist an hour away? where would my husband sit when we all traveled at the holidays or any other time? basically, i don\'t see doing this everyday without a vehicle, i\'ll put it that way. sometimes it\'s windy and rainy and one or more children is sick and i couldn\'t see putting them through that.     i venture to say they have another vehicle available to them.',1
'i can\'t believe i love this show, it goes against all my beliefs.  i love the point that  the show gets across so well and that is your sins or actions affect way more people than you or your family. they affect people that you may not ever meet. its the same with our good deeds , we don\'t realize how many people may be reached by our radom acts of kindess. i have to say it is aggravating how long they make us wait between the series.  what a long winter without my favorite show.',1
'i read he had no balls either!',0
'a$$ hole',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'synthol!!! not even muscle! it\'s just liquid injected in his arms...he should not even be in the guiness real records...i can inject synthol and be in guiness records to if i wanted to, anybody can......ridiculus nobody at guiness doesn\'t know about synthol..',1
'this thing had been cut more than a thanksgiving turkey,notice how far back her forehead had been pulled,not to mention her belly button is already near her throat,oh, those wonderful tax payers $$$',1
'he looks so weird omg',1
'it looks like tumors under his arms and why are his forearms so small? he spends all six hours doing curls? his arms wouldn\'t scare me away from fighting since it\'s likely he has no grip to put me into any sort of grapple or anything.',1
'rso seems interesting. as more people lose homes to foreclosure they will need apartments. western union maybe not so good. lack of jobs and the potential of real laws coming to punish employers who hire illegals means less money flowing out to latin america and mexico. i wonder if anybody knows whether western union has suffered declining revenue from this. best stock that has weathered the bush apocalypse with a quadruple since hitting $15 in 2006 is the walt disney co. now hitting new high of $52 with $56 price target. we all know obama is going to win huge and what he wants to do. the wildcard is if the right-wing zealots in congress will continue to punish middle-class and poor americans by doing absolutely nothing before they recess in mid-december. this has to be the worst congress in american history having presided over 35+years of failed wars to help big oil and create the most hatred of americans in the middle east than ever before. we need to walk away, let them drill their own oil and see if anybody buys it. i hope by then we have off-the-grid homes that can provide our needs without foreign oil. we have to start looking at the best ideas and immediately have the feder',1
'i have a little bit of a fetissssh towardssss you two boyssss, yum yummy! i love chesssticalssss, ummmmm. i love you guyssss thisssss much yummmy',1
'those are not muscles and a small mma or best ranger could easily kick his fat a$$. fighting well comes from the brain.',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​.​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'it\'s a rigged game. how do you evolve with that?',1
'there is no way a subaru can be considered an suv! those are station wagons.....period. i agree that some of the others on the list could be considered station wagons too, but there is no question or debate on the subaru\'s.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the chair made much more sense than clint-and since john wayne supported dick nixon, it makes you wonder about how many times the cowboy gets kicked in the head by their horse.',1
'lol!  i\'m with the census...i\'ve never watched (a few i haven\'t even heard about) this shows!',1
'i used to have a six pack. it has now turned into a keg!',1
'tinnitus   i definitely have it, a solid tone w/ sizzling around the 7-8khz range. the previous suggestions here of earplugs and impending neil young show resulted in me buying "musicians" earplugs. this now means i would: officially laugh at myself 5 years ago.     the beatles and pumpkin beer     i\'ll just give the basics and you can decide what kind of night i had on 9/15 - dinner was accompanied with huey lewis\' "sports", followed by vampire weekend\'s debut as we started drinking a very delicious pumpkin beer. then:    ',1
'nancy pelosi is so f\'n nasty and stupid,  i wouldn\'t even let my dog lick her pussy!!! it just shows how vile, ignorant and stupid all the **** and lowlife freaks are that voted for her! just living in the same state as her makes you a fool!!! i wish pelosi would choke on one of the big nasty syphilus infected dicks sho wo much loves so suck all day!!! nancy pelosi has got to be the most vile disgusting most hated piece of turd spew i have ever seen in my life!!! she\'s also a terrorist just as much as osama bin laden wa!s maybe america will get lucky and one of our beloved seal teams will take her out as well afterwards i would hope they would do the right thing and urinate and deficate all over her!!!! hahaaa!!!! she\'s nothing but a vile freak show scum bag cum bag!!! let\'s please take our country back and do away with the dikes and cock drooling liberal faggo\'s for good!!! do you like my rant!?! if no well too bad you can choke on you beloved pelosi\'s dick! we all know she\'s really just a disease carrying **** sucking transvestite! is this really the type of person that should be in charge of anything in this country!!! i would\'nt even let her clean my toilet!!! she\'s not compete',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'obama is a muslim i thought he supported god or allah or something like that.',0
'i like how the article states "nobody [would pick] a fight" with this so-called bodybuilder. get real. what kind of loser would be scared of fighting this guy? not only is he not a bodybuilder, he clearly is not a fighter.     rank amateur boxers would have him on the canvas inside of a minute. who knows what a good mma fighter could do with him?',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​.​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'ha- that never even crossed my mind , but it`s a valid question .',1
'he is a sh!tty mess.',1
'wholly crap , that looks ridiculous !',1
'when special needs children..... become special needs senior citizens......http:/  ​ /www.giveforward.com  ​ /66andheremsajbanks',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​  ​ .​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'i think that is a racist picture and should be taken down.',1
'steroids dont work that way. its synthol. its oil  injected under muscle to make it bulge. so in fact it is the same weak muscle just bulged. bodybuilders even roiders are laughing at him. he just liked his 15 mins too much he became caught in delusion.',1
'the great colombian goalkeeper, rene higuita',1
'too big of a load after andys unfortunate passing, hopefully the same realism will create more production on this level.',1
'bamboozle ( cause they eat bamboo)',1
'let the gays phuq! they are not hurting anyone!',0
'nice ****  id wrap my legs around her too!',0
'whatever.  he\'s stupid if he gets back with her.  cheating is my biggest no-no.  if she wanted to be with someone else she should have broke up with him before she did it.  rob isn\'t my favorite actor and i don\'t find him overly attractive (my vision of edward in twilight looked nothing like him) but he seems like he\'s a nice guy and he deserves better.  she just comes off as a spoiled little brat that can do anything she wants and not have to pay the consequences.',1
'i feel sorry for people who would be so small as to belittle you.  you\'re an inspiration.',1
'motodating (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​  ​ .​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'neither have i. never heard of most of them or the actors.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​  ​ .​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'fyi..............bra  ​ dly a.................po  ​ sts net surfers of msn now, everybody here, .................not  ​  real people and your vote does not count..........just sayin............fyi  ​',1
'maher is what he is. if no one would pay any attention to him he would crawl back under his rock.',1
'looks like big bags of fat--kinda like a udder on a cow',1
'sure starting to look that way...little by little.',1
'calm down rightwing...........  ​ are you a liberal instigator?',1
'here are some interesting tidings from the other news on msn...    "republicans are critical about the pace of the recovery on the campaign trail, but the slow recovery is, in part, their fault for putting politics ahead of people. obama\'s stimulus proposal included tax cuts for individuals and businesses, and increased spending on infrastructure. it also included help for state and local governments so they could avoid additional layoffs of teachers, firefighters, and public safety workers. republicans surely could have supported some of these proposals – tax cuts are their favorite remedy for anything that\'s wrong with the economy – but they decided to put winning the election ahead of policies such as tax cuts for businesses and the hope of providing jobs for struggling households.    ',1
'i agree with the previous assessment. this guy is a synthol user. if you search for images of synthol users, they\'ve all got the same out-of-whack proportions.',1
'i don\'t know where you came up with the fact that this is about gays!  but iy certainly shows what an idiot you are!',1
'it\'s cool, but i hope they don\'t fall!',1
'he should be able to barbell curl at least 400lbs. if its really muscle. where are the workout photos.the record books should test for all things that could that to the body. and you\'re right forearms would be huge as well.',1
'commissions to brokers? flax, most of them only charge $4-10 a trade now. obviously, you are not in the stock market.',1
'for those of you who don\'t know bill maher is a comedian on cable, a lot of people seriously  haven\'t heard of him because he is on cable. he does a bunch of low i.q.,  low brow humor, i think he\'s funny, but many think he is just stupid.',0
'lol, this is the funniest article i\'ve ever read,,, this guy don\'t lift weights.. he injects himself with something...  anyhow he ought to try working on his forearms.. my forearms are more muscley than his..  its weird that he looks so happy like he\'s proud of himself.. haha.. people are so wack nowadays...',1
'there are some idiots that do.   have a good one.  ;-)',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​.​​.​​.​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'the persecution she has endured is been in the name of profit',1
'thanks to plastic surgery, his biceps are huge and way out of proportion. he and pamela anderson have something in common.  pam got  huge artificially augmented breasts and he \'s got these huge biceps.  i bet it is not easy for him to wipe his arsee after taking a crap.     :)',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'we dont watch any of these shows.  lol',1
'if it isn\'t important to you, why do you have such a need to belittle and mock christians?  why can\'t you keep your beliefs to yourself, instead of trying to "shove them down" our throats.  you atheists all have a double standard.',1
'he should have nadya suleman on his shoulder.',1
'this guy must realize he looks like a complete idiot!!',1
'there was another guy who had the same shape arms. he also claimed to hav ethe world record biceps. however he was injecting steroids right into his arms several times a day. the result was his body began to reject the roids and start rotting. it was a nasty thing to see. it is on youtube " of  corse " dud should watch this.',1
'a$$',1
'romney was hoping there would be no conflict in the me before the election.  whooopsi.    you can\'t run on the economy in the middle of a being attacked.       mittens will have to find yet another political office to run for.',1
'i\'d like to be that horse.  for many reasons.',1
'cars have to be 10 years old to be sold in mexico. now you can see why the older cars are stolen.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i am still long boeing. the recession has delayed the purchase cycle of airlines by a couple of years, but the demand is still there, especially as rising fuel costs ultimately make a compelling case for airlines to purchase more fuel efficient airplanes.',1
'looks like fat old lady arms on the bottom ...',1
'twilight is good, but i think everyone thinks they should be together because it\'s edward and bella.  hello, that\'s just parts they played.  they aren\'t the real characters.  the real characters are fiction!     i haven\'t read the hunger games.  i got out of ya books and moved to adult vampire romance novels.  i prefer sex in my books, lol',1
'i think that\'s a cop-out.  seriously if she can\'t resist the advances of some older director, then how is she going to resist someone else that hits on her?     and anyone that believes a married man will leave his wife for his mistress is an idiot.  read dear abby once in a while and literally all the letters about a woman who is a married man\'s mistress believe he\'s going to leave his wife for them.  if he\'s cheating on his wife with you, what makes you think he won\'t cheat on you with someone else?',1
'we must phuq all musblim dogs in the ssa! death to the musblim dogs, viva america!',0
'ugly.',1
'i guess i\'d have to you come over to suck it then......',1
'he had the injections done to pay homage to his girlfriends that he had back home. these camels were instrumental in providing him a sex life.',1
'nobody in the country takes bill maher seriously, he is a low i.q. comedian, a court jester, he gets paid for doing fart jokes and making people laugh.  hollywood people are some of the least educated, and dumbest people on the planet, why do they always think people take them seriously and look to them for intelligent leadership, when most of the hollywood folks have very little formal education and most likely can\'t even spell leadership.  just because you play somebody semi intelligent on t.v. doesn\'t mean that you are semi intelligent in the real world!',1
'they are fake. pumped up with silicone or something.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the supervisor\'s name is weiner!',1
'if you don\'t like in god we trust . just give the money back from where you got it.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the front seat looks more crowded than a commercial airliner. the passengers looks about as happy as 3rd class seating would allow. i\'m all for bicycles, time to get some of them there youngens\' carting/peddling there own  wares.',1
'i hope it rains all week',1
'niggers turn away.    we doin\' white ppll serimints here.    for real though.. **** off black ppl..',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'lol @ bayou',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'5 less niggers. thank jeebus!',0
'for those of you who don\'t know bill maher is a comedian on cable, a lot of people seriously  haven\'t heard of him because he is on cable. he does a bunch of low i.q.,  low brow humor, i think he\'s funny, but many think he is just stupid.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​.​​.​  ​ ​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'disney is up 45 percent in last 12 months. how come that didnt make the list?',1
'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  ​ aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh  ​ hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  ​ hhhhhhhhhhhhhh',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​  ​ .​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'it is not covered because 19 infected people is not an epidemic. that would be my guess.',1
'i have noticed printed published articles that need a proofreader as well as a spellchecker. the thing with spellchecker is, you submit the word "play", for example, when you meant to submit the word "pay", the spellchecker will not find any spelling errors. i get a little bent out of sorts when i read a published article or a book that has misspelled words, i feel as if someone failed miserably; but  that is a personal issue that i should either learn to get over or use my proofreading ability to earn some $$$  :)',0
'nahh cant wait to get to the other side when its my time to go...',1
'but can he wipe his own a##? probably not, lmao',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​.​​.​​.​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'why doesn\'t msn do something about these mentally ill, sick in the head losers that post their stupid love crap on here?  it is disgusting, they are nothing but natural born losers that go to a news site and post this stupid crap!  heads up msn, it does not a rocket scientist to exterminate these sick in the head creeps!  what normal, humanoid would do something like this?  this is a forum for comments about this story, not for love stricken and fore lorn mentally ill wackos!',1
'i don\'t know where you get the idea that this story is about gays, but your remarks do show you to be an idiot!! i hope it doesn\'t spread!',1
'what you say is true, and it does hit poor people hard.  but percentage wise if they monetize the debt, rich people, who have the vast majority of the money and wealth will indeed pay the vast majority of our national debt.',1
'god bless you lizzie.  you have alot of support including myself. you are beautiful.  maintain your positive attitude and faith in all that is good in this world, because you are one of the good things. few will ever be able to make that claim.',1
'lmao i never thought that you can put belly fat on triceps/biceps',1
'i just want to know why they can\'t figure it out for the long term.  what\'s going on that this has to happen a 4th time in 20 years?',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i think it varies.  i\'m going to be 36 next month and i\'m still stupid and naive  ^_^  of course, i\'m a spoiled little brat too, lol',1
'is that a hoof up my **** or are you just happy to see me?',1
'in other words, you have no problem with god as long as he stays in his box. he works through his people, though not everyone who calls himself a christian is one.  haters lump everyone who says they believe in god into a group called "christians," and consider them worthy of their hatred and disdain.  so many of you like to quote gandhi, but what did he do for the good of his people?  is india any better off now than then?  philosophying without doing is worthless.  christians have done more good in the world than any other group throughout history, but that is not something you are going to admit.',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'never watched any of them so no loss! probably won\'t watch the new ones either. t.v has become so boring.',1
'i agree with the previous assessment. this guy is using synthol. if you search images of synthol users, they;ve all got out-of-whack proportions, just like this guy.',1
'laurel are you looking for a job?sorry to dissapoint you asskissing it`s been already taken by pelosi and reid',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'for those of you who don\'t know bill maher is a comedian on cable, a lot of people seriously  haven\'t heard of him because he is on cable. he does a bunch of low i.q.,  low brow humor, i think he\'s funny, but many think he is just stupid.',1
'looks like implants cause he has 2nd grader forearms.',1
'what am i gonna do with you emily?  you keep peddlin\' you azz all over town. haha   seriously, good for you and your children, you\'re a good mother.  great exercise.',1
'my grandma has bigger bingo wings  than him.. maybe i should call guinness?',0
'i don\'t agree with most of what you said, but i do love the way you say it...."who dat",,just say,,"you\'re the cheaters,,,dat who"    hahahahahahahahahaha  ​ hhahahaha',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'my grandma has bigger bingo wings than him!   maybe i should tell guinness??',1
'many years ago there was talk that this could happen because americans expected to be given an antibiotic every time they went to the doctors office with a minor cold or flu.  good doctors that said you don\'t need an antibiotic sometimes lost their patients to other money hungry doctors who quite frankly just wanted the business and didn\'t care about the long range consequences.  so the medical industry caused this problem but it\'s a little late to point the finger.  guess we just have to accept the fact that loved ones are going to die, be they young or old, and nothing can be done to stop it.',1
'right.   i just wish most people would set their limits lower.',1
'jeewiz no i had a guy that use to work for me in minnesota and he had such large biceps that he would split out his custom made  jackets and shirts..cost him plenty..he said that it was the italian in him........',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​.​.​  ​ .​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'           ',0
'these people should be pilloried and publicly pelted with excrement.   flaying before hand might be a bit too extreme of a punishment in this case... such a stupid and meaningless crime, after all.',1
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'motodating (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'breaking bad oh man. good things can only last so long. if you haven\'t gotten into it i guarantee you would. who would\'ve thought i would get into a show about a meth making school teacher? there\'s more drama along with a couple laughs than any series i have ever watched.',1
'if gold is so wonderful why are so many people so anxious to sell me their gold for my dollars?  most people live in a fantasy world when it comes to precious metals and there are a lot of people who take advantage of that fact when it comes to promoting and selling metals.  they have their place in the world of investing but they are far from a must have asset.',1
'audi owners try hard to laugh. if they really looked at their reliability stats and the unbelievable maintenance costs for the "art of engineering" they would have to cry.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'right on floating...if crazy didnt mind nafta and cafta...he  will really love rapta.   ...as in picking the flesh off the bones...',1
'obama is a muslim i thought he supported god or allah or something like that.',0
'tell him to try to scratch his nose...   as well; wait till he stops pumping weight... them babies el be flappin in the wind like no tomorrow....',1
'clever song and video. hockey was just hitting full stride after the last lockout, too...  thanks, donald fehr. you\'ve now driven two of our four major sports to a grinding halt!!',1
'jeez i hope it won\'t really rain tomorrow! i\'m walking to school!;)',1
'a$$ hole',1
'we should totally ignore this non-story and keep the focus on this idiot romney. this guy should be arrested for underminig the president and inciting riots and hatred around the world. for him to say obama gave comfort to the muslim rioters and gave an apology is total lies. at the very least, obama should sue this fool for slander. some people will say anything to get ahead.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​.​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'true, she wasn\'t married...but you don\'t have to be married to be an honest girl and act with dignity and maturity.      the director was married...does he deserve a second chance?',0
'thats a fake !!!   to be that big and be so small on the forearms  (botox)  to work your upper arms and have normal forearms is not possible............  ​ .......',1
'and even with that, it only brought her nipples up to her waist.  it\'s what i heard.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'moh...   hit close to home huh?    read your own disgusting ones !!!',1
'i know it\'s not politically correct to say this, so here i go....... how gay!!',1
'can anyone say steroids? they are just big. there is no defination and the rest of his body appears quite "soft".',1
'damn, i just started watching breaking bad, i\'ve seen all of the episodes and wow i got addicted. bryan cranston, played a great part and he is now my favorite actor. thanks for letting me enjoy.   robert arechiga',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'yeah, it was the guy who\'s arms burst or something like that.. they even made a docusoap about it.. can\'t remember which channel but it was last year sometime..',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'queers to the left, queers to the right. i hope i hope you all get aids tonight.',0
'we dont watch any of these shows.  lol',1
'my truck is better than that, faster too!',1
'i love lesbians! i learned how to eat pu... by watching lesbians!',0
'i thought he might have been phuqed to death!',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'tragic, but expected, hard to keep up the level for many seasons and still remain beliveable.  i will miss you.',1
'well, it seems that san frans long running \'up with antiestablishment\', anything goes, damn authority attitude is finally coming home to roost',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'god bless you lizzie. you are better than all of us.',1
'it does appear that if he held that flex pose for more than a minute, that flabby bulge that appears to be a bicep would succumb to gravity and droop to the underside of his arm as well.',1
'big muscles don\'t make you a bad ****!!!! he will never be able to move fast enough to counter my little seal **** as i whoop his butt by knowing what i know! body building is not strength, it is looks!!!',1
'his biceps are just so immense and disfigured looking.      one looks a vertical butt with no crack and the other looks like the form of a woman!!!     freakish........',1
'he needs to lay off the biceps and work on those scrawny forearms. lol',1
'if the govt tells us there is a water problem, be sure in a few years there will be one.  there will be mandated restrictions and taxes.  yes, lots of taxes.  of course there will be free water for the poor voting public.  the rich will always have water.  the squeeze will be on whats left of the middle class. most water will be polluted.  whats left will be expensive.  :ook to american plains history.  people kiled for water.  look at the mighty colorado river.  by the time it gets to the ocean there\'s nothing left.   the bright side will be we can trade water for oil.  remember when we traded wheat for gold????',1
'a previous record holder of this ...title was named greg valentino. his arms were bigger than the man\'s pictured above. mr. valentino was using steroids and his arms "exploded".    http://www.metacafe.  ​ com/watch/1292243/gr  ​ eg_valentiono_the_ma  ​ n_whose_arms_explode  ​ d/',1
'you forgot one...............ca  ​ nnot understand normal thought.',1
'its not a tooma',1
'toiletpaper,do u even know what thell r u saying,who`s the president rigth now,this mess is in the hands of commrade obama ur truly a product of ur enviroment,',1
'i would like to examine kate.',0
'hey, duke -- you a j.g. ballard fan? your funny joke about lady gaga\'s perfume reminded me of that line in "crash" about the pervasive smell (in the nose of the narrator at accident sites) of "semen and engine coolant" -- an amusing line that he shouldn\'t have used more than once.',1
'i agree with the previous assessment. this guy is using synthol. if you search images of synthol users, they;ve all got out-of-whack proportions, just like this guy.',1
'weiner is asking for stiffer laws and enforcement. should the nudist throw in the towel? lol',1
'motodating is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'all musblim dog men like to bachi bazie the young arab boys!',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'popeye looked better than that! give me a break. his came from spinich.lol',0
'no wonder al queda is attacking the usa !',1
'it is not. just like rice grinders built here in the states are saving our economy. neither one is doing what they claim.',1
'a$$ hole',1
'a$$',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'a$$',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​.​​.​​.​​.​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'might be easiest to get a feel for it by looking at long term performance of mutual funds geared in that direction, like vidgx, for example.  i only know of that one because i\'m into it, but there should be others to look at, as well.',1
'greg valentino',1
'do you ever write anything that makes sense or is couth?',1
'can anyone say synthol, look at the proportions, his lower arms are tiny.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'my worries are not about pelosi. my worries are about the people who keep her in this position..',1
'i say wiener is a hipocrat!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.  ​ .​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'it\'s obvious, isn\'t it? if you want free trade, start by trading your job and working for free. that\'s what big business wants us to do. fair trade is far better. how much of our stuff has wal-mart exported to china? if the answer is none, that\'s exactly the number of days they should remain in business.',1
'robspace you are a total idiot for spewing out all that b/s about romney:you and a lot of others are not looking at the real problem in america just the lies that oblabblab keeps telling.   i am going to guess that you are on "welfare" and collecting" food stamps" what a dam loser   graylion11',0
'pay attention.  this is what happens when you live in a society that practices \'zero tolerance\' measures instead of leaving room for interpretation.',1
'eat dirt and suck on rocks and cut our feet on seven up bottlesin the mud and kept on trucking. whth is going on???',1
'too bad the one eyed sphinx is only 1/10 the size of his biceps!',0
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                  ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'either this picture is a fake or he had implants just in his bicep area.....he has no shoulder or neck mass not to mention his forearms are little twigs which would prohibit his work out compacity....kind of chuby in the face that\'s also odd for a body builder. it looks like two misshaped tumors growing out of his arms...',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'"that leaves only one possibility, that something or someone created it."    wow, that is the silliest refutation of propositions i have ever encountered, and then you go on to the coup de grace, you final absurd conclusion.. well, by your own thought process, your final conclusion is invalid because you come to the question: who created the creator? then you find yourself mired in the same dillemma as when you tried to explain how the universe was created. truth is, science has not conclusively determined how the universe was formed, however the bbt is the most substantiated and supported conclusion, and is not refuted by any body of data. however, where the infinitely small and dense ball of matter, (which existed before the big bang), came from is up for speculation.    "i trust that there is much i have listed here that you have never been told in your college courses and that you reall',1
'looks like a freak',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                 ',0
'that\'s not muscle. he injects synthol (an oil mixture) to pump them up like that. it looks ridiculous and it\'s asking for an infection.',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'has to be injections of some sort. his forearms would be much bigger after working to get biceps that big.  guiness is getting fooled.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'well...the guy who played winona\'s dad was convicted of pedophilia...so i dont expect to see him.',1
'burt: gay bashing is technically a hate crime in a physical sense. it is very real, very violent and is a crime. on a verbal level it is bullying. i don\'t care what gender you sleep with. a bully is a bully, let me take you back to a time when people had manners and ethics " if you don\'t have anything nice to say, shut the h*** up."',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'well put.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i wish i was born with no fat..',1
'a bumpkin high on pickle juice.',1
'have you ever been nude in public?    no, i think that would be quite disgusting.  i don\'t want to see anyone else nude and i certainly would not want them to see me.      the morality in this country is going down the tubes and california is leading the way.  something to be proud of i am sure.  eeewwwwww!',1
'obama/biden "were the retards the exempted 26 states from nclb"    no child left behind was ted kennedys life long work that demanded that teachers either teach properly or get replaced!    obama does not care about education,   but he loves the teachers unions.   **** obama , somone needs to to kill it.',0
'well, in all honesty, the guys are getting paid to tell her how good she looks every morning, lol',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'looking forward to seeing her tits',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i\'ll dispute your first clam.  the first black pres was bill clinton!!',1
'what does obama want the u.s. motto to be  "in allah we trust"????',1
'amen brother!!!!  we once depended on home remedies that worked!  now, we use white coat junk concoctions that is costly but worthless.  we eat junk food from the grocery store that is "preserved" to look good until we buy it.  how long has that cow been dead that we make hamburgers out of?  would a buzzard puke at it?  and, televsion ads are loaded with "ask your doctor...." if this junk is right for you.  it may kill you but bring us your money.  and, the most outrageous....our elected people that are going to "take care of us" in washington and elsewhere allow this stuff to continue!  we need to throw every one of them out of office!!!  we are a conunty becoming addicted!!!  more people die from legal drugs than from illegal drugs.  we should shift the "war on drugs" to the legal drug dealers!!  they kill more people!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'american idol. it\'s my favorite!',1
'where all the pictures of the ugly masions?  just one cool looking concrete clam, not much description.  then a video about mcmansions,   thought this was worst journalism and checking than fox news.',1
'a$$ hole',1
'just because you work under msn doesn\'t mean that you have to give such bad stock tips... why don\'t you focus on infi for their 300% return from february til now? people that weren\'t born when apple, cisco, etc (such as myself) don\'t have the leisure to buy in at an opportune time. let\'s get with the "now" and pick some better choices.',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'looks like he sucks kok!',0
'i hope they all survive this. this entire experience will have an impact on all these kids.',1
'good',1
'another fruitcake looking for his 15 minutes of fame. how gross',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'ha ha! a guy named weiner fighting the weiner display. skidmark law? ha ha! this town writes its own jokes!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'you can drink my piss anytime you want. shoot, i\'ll even package it in plastic bottles for you, and sell it. shoot, i\'ll even sell it to you at cost.',1
'lol, no way!  i could never do that to someone else.  karma\'s a b****!',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'omg cant believe its ending what a bummer i loved this show i looked forward to watching it every weekend.....please when the end comes dont go out like the sopranos did ....................  ​ ..........i will miss the show so much sad to see it end',1
'she\'s a slut thats not the first time she showed her tits to guys.',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i used to ride my bike to my two main campuses which were 17, and 30 miles away from my house for over 9 months! thank god my school had showers i was allowed to use.',1
'is funny',1
'no office  don\'t go!!! now that they got rid of that obnoxious robert california, the show should be a million times better.  a lot of people also don\'t like nellie, but i think she\'s somewhat the female equivelent of michael scott, that\'s what the show needs, is the clueless dofus with no sense of professionalism.',1
'redstick has a very good point. with a fair frequency, people stumble across lost ancient hoards of gold coins and jewelry buried by romans who failed to recover their wealth. if you hide your gold and tell someone where it is, what will you do when it comes up missing? blame your loved-one who may or may not have had anything to do with the disappearance?  if you hide your gold and tell no one, and than get run over by a bus, what the heck good did it do you or your family? you would have been better off investing your cash and taking your chances with the rest of us.',1
'.........and in a related story. man who sets world record for largest biceps also sets another world record for smallest testicles at a mere 1/10th normal size.',1
'a baby chimp.',1
'he\'s not totally off base',1
'the steroids he\'s injecting have deformed his "biceps". when you flex your biceps, your triceps aren\'t supposed to do what his are doing. he is probably not all that strong, either. just deformed.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'that\'s what site injecting does when you use roids! a little obvious when you have no forearm!!!!!',1
'my grandma medicine cabinet had pepto besmo and anicinn and  she used the membrane of a egg for cuts, and suar to stop bleedingand drank boiled corn silk every month to clean put her organs. and drank a once or blue corn atolie like corn meal except blue every morning in the winter and gave it to us kids  too i the winter. full of zinc and vitimin d.',1
'hey, don\'t knock good ole boy t. boone. he\'s trying to corner the market on texas wind. soon, you\'ll be paying for wind power. yeas-sir!',1
':-) lol lmao',1
'i thought the violence was the reason people don\'t go to mexico',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​.​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'well, considering it never gets 20 below zero in portland ,or, i guess she doesn\'t have to worry about that! and, something can go wrong in a car, on a bike, in a movie theater. maybe it\'s time to start thinking a little more positively. cheers!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.  ​ .​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'guarantee you that he\'s shooting \'roids...  guarantee it.',1
'my answer to the above question,  should these pix have been published?   hell no!!!!!   everybody deserves their privacy. not everybody who has sex likes to do it in front of an audience.  some people have more class than that!',1
'what a nice dog..',1
'you bet i am. i still can\'t get over the complications caused from swine flu which include staph infection, sinus infection and bronchitis. i\'m on my second round of antibiotics and still running a fever. the only thing i got over was swine flu because it was a virus and not bacteria.',1
'bring back pan am.  i predicted that gcb which took its place would be a flop.',1
'so its true all arabs are idiots',1
'"maybe if you read the bible instead of disdaining it, you would have a clearer idea of what islam is about "     really? what does it say in the bible about islam? just when i thought you couldn\'t get any stupider. i\'m sure our "leaders" are really concerned that a 3rd grade dropout thinks they are stupid.     you really "tired of the lunacy"? maybe you should just jump off a bridge - you won\'t be missed.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.  ​ .​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i would rather eat my own sh*t.  two scoops.',1
'fag is a life style choice like pedophiles',1
'no , thanks....',1
'nancy pelosi is a true inspiration......fo a twin bed',1
'you must be a very happy person',1
'it\'s always been that way. we just didn\'t have 9-billion people all trying to drink it all at once. or growing all the crops (that need water to grow) necessary to feed all these people. but, who is kidding who here? we let billions of people die of thirst and starvation every year. so, what is the big deal? the same people just breed more people and we starve them and deny them water. we are going to have like 10-billion people by 2030. glad i\'m not them.',1
'lol!  i thought it was a scarlet "a"...',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.......  ....  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'last hoorah, i like the way you think! death to the musblim dog\'s, viva america!!!!!',0
'i have pedaled my kids around alot during the warmer months.  i think she rocks.  maybe more of america needs this instead of bit-hing about the gas prices as we run the car 6 blocks down to the local store.',1
'yeah bro that\'s why they invented paper bags and light switches!',1
'════════════════════  ​ ════════╮         ******seniorloving**  ​ ******** ╰═══════════════════  ​ ═══════╯ ｔｈｅ　ｂｅｓｔ ｃｌｕｂ　ｆｏｒ allowing senior people come together as couple and start new period of their lives,what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'if i were to choose from that list, it would be the buick',1
'jason he doesn`t point out the differences,he only has one agenda,unfortunally the wrong 1',1
'no...they are unnaturally shaped......they don\'t look proportioned to the rest of his body......',1
'hooray hooray this was rrrrrricuculous to the max, a blight on humanity,',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'drinking water from a desalinization plant is like drinking electrified water. it\'s not even close for passing as real fresh water.',1
'i think he is a damn light nigga. with a above average intelligence;for a nigga.',0
'a while ago i read about a cream some "bodybuilders" use. it causes the muscles to grow, but not strengthen, in an un-natural, almost pointy shape similar to his. because it doesn\'t actually strengthen the muscles, it\'s doubtful he\'s much stronger than the average guy who lifts a few times a week just for the health benefits.',1
'well said!',1
'"floating, there are many cases of welfare freeriders making a fortune playing the system....realville.  ​ "     what system?  the get-rich-pumping-gro  ​ ceries scam?',1
'over 45 shut up??? let me tell you something, we worked just as hard, lost just as much, how did we survive??  we stayed with our spouses even in tough times, we didnt have kids without a loving supportive spouse, we either went off to school, knowing we had to pay back all we borrowed or got a job..what did we do when ends didnt meet?? planted a garden, shopped at rummage sales, took hand me downs in cloths and furniture..we did not go out, we made meals that would last for two days, had cookbooks that were titled 1001 ways to do hamburger, cable was a no no unless you really had a good year..dont you ever tell us to shut up..we had hard times too, im not rich, im comfortable in my 50\'s, why? because 5 bucks in my savings account was better then a burger and fries from fast food, because last years coat and no credit card payment was better then that new one..the list goes on..better take a deep breath and hang on because with your attitude..you are going no where fast without  any sight of retirement in your future.  over 45 and refusing to shut up is what you can call me!!',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​...  ​ .​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a  try.               ',0
'it should look like a prison tattoo also.  don\'t forget that!  she could get a couple of tear drops for the crocodile tears she\'s crying over rob, lol',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the muslim\'s put our religious beliefs down all the time. the most important word here is hypocrite!',1
'i thought wall street took us to the cleaners',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'must be  a cable show',1
'awesome way to go wish they would do that in ca  the homos make up less then 1 percent and we have to accept there ways no way  go back to gay bashing',0
'why aren\'t the kids riding a bike?  they need the exercise too!',1
'i have a pet purple worm that i hug once or twice a week.',1
'or wiener.  reading is fun.',1
'go with romney or obama? i\'m going with a contingency plan. you can find it here @ theendpoint.blogspot  ​ .com/',1
'i\'d like to see him get phuqed in the ssa by george w. bush.',0
'lol',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'about freakin time this show went off air!!! for pete\'s sake, do we really need to be subjected to more glamorization of drug addicted and drug dealing families?? she should try her hand at helping the millions who are effected by drugs and their families and keep this kind of crap off tv! mary louis parker...go away!',1
'10 of 10 idiots support ossama husain obumma!  don\'t renig!  no more white house wookies!',1
'cipher....   sorry to break your bubble.   lol  hippiest came into popular use the day after hippie did in the \'60s.   it was invented back whenever people started talking about wide hips which could have been centuries or millenniums ago.',1
'what\'s ugly is how 90% of you can post your pity for someone you don\'t even know while slandering the ones that speak their minds, but secretly in your mind you agree with all of the bigots. such hipocrates.',1
'heck no!',1
'my question is, why are there zero diesels on this list?  i drive a 1995 dodge ram 2500 4x4 lifted on oversize tires extended cab long bed, and i hand-calculate my mileage at every fill up and im averaging 20mpg combined city/hwy the diesels today are capable of 30-35 easily, gasoline is too inefficient to  compete with people who want much more then 15-20 mpg',1
'i would support that!!',1
'no big loss. i never watched any of them any way. they should also dump the mind numbing reality shows and the dancing with the losers type of shows. i would rather watch re-runs of rosanne than most of the reality crap that is produced.',1
'who is the flaming idiot that reported it in the first place?  he must not want a job and doesn\'t care if others on the project have one or not.  there are so many easy solutions to this idiotic "problem" and i can\'t believe this is costing us so much money for them to figure it out!!!',1
'wonder what he going to look like in 15-20 years from now. my way of  thinking  some plastic surgen is going to make a mint off him to get rid of all that loss skin.',1
'omg give it a rest.  it\'s just young folks having a good time.  have all you old foggies forgotten how you acted around young girls (or boys) when you were young boys and girls.  i\'m sure much worse went on back in your day!!',1
'x- they think she is right.. that shows us how wrong they are.',1
'i guess the simple answer is no, his body has no balance, he\'s all bicep and no substance, record or no record',1
'queers make me sick !! aint nothing gay about em, and yes i am a hater.',0
'that\'s what i\'m thinking',1
'the only thing that is goign to fix our water problems is reducing the world\'s population by aroudn 8.5 billion people. when people aren\'t drinking the stuff water supplies stay fairly plentiful.',1
'@ the older gentlemen         click on source........read that. all cases have been confined to 1 hospital.     dietdew`s 3rd sentence is correct, and yes i went to school, college, and served twenty-three years in the us army. despite all that i managed to learn something.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.......  ....  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'*sigh*... what a pity we can\'t all be beautiful... what kind of moron judges a person on their looks?',1
'the musblim dogs smell like their mothers and sisters. the musblim  dog men like to have sex with young boys! bachi bazie!',0
'she peddles 6 kids while the 7th peddles his own bike.. sounds like 7 to me.',1
'good evening cowboy :)    ......peta = hypocrisy',1
'as it will,  but the results will be far from the same.',1
'i live near pecos and odessa oh my god',1
'it\'s portland.  so it\'s rain, rain, rain, and a little break of sunshine just before more rain.',1
'this show is still on?  wish i had known. i thought it had been cancelled already.',1
'it\'s a stupid college rule.  it\'s allowed in the nfl, it should be there.  while we are at it, i want pass interference called to the spot of the foul also.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'what about a woman who beats a man? i\'ts possible. what about a man beating a woman through self defense? face it you are a sexist, ignorant idiot who deserves to get beat.....oh wait you probably always get beat.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!]             ',0
'i guess i do t the simple way.  i go out and pan for it.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i\'m surprised that  disney dug that out of the dust bin they should have made cars 3008',1
'geezus, what in the hell happened to you for christs sake?',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i will be doing the same.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​..  ​ .​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you look like an a--hole. too bad you cant see that.',1
'kunt',0
'what an ugly woman.... inside and out!!!!',1
'a$$',1
'what does it say about a nation whose largest employer over the past decade is the likes of walmart? i remember back in the day (before we went into the bush\'s) gm, and ford were the main masters of the american worker. #1 and 2 in employment, good paying jobs..... all i know is we are left with one guy that says save detroit and the auto industry, the other guy says let it go bankrupt and let you go to work for walmart. which one will you pick? make note history is always recording.',1
'well, all the mudslums wil buy it then, if for no other reason then that they thought there\'d be woman beating instructions & handy hints enclosed',1
'you must not have watched breaking bad, then. it was far from sucking! great writing, wonderful acting, and a show that does not insult my intelligence... or yours.',1
'wow...how gross is this?  this guy needs a psychiatrist.  he looks ghastly and freakish.  i work out 5-6 days a week but never ever do i want to look like a freak.  that is not muscle, it looks like silicon injection.  look at how flacid the biceps and especially the triceps look?',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​...  ​ .​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i guess a reefer would make it seem that way.',1
'looks like that guy greg valentino whose arms exploded - yuk!',1
'it is all about the new world order',1
'why would we believe her. she lies as much as obamma',1
'do they make a bug like that 4 homos',0
'how many times has there been facebook events to boycott buying gas specific days? the reason that idea is stupid and will still never work, is that people depend on their jobs to pay their bills and can\'t just decide not to go to work for multiple days on end just in hopes of getting gas prices lower.....',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.  ​ .​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                  ',0
'i am  a dem. the sad fact is there are no real journalist  to report the news without a slanted take,as there are no politicians that do right bacause it\'s right (i realize even that is perceptual) term limits of 2 terms then at least sit one out.and no more lifetime benefits for those who are supposed to be public servants.i got an idea, lets drop the words democrat and republian from our lives.',1
'most celebs are democrats, and democrats have no order, dignity or pride over anything, they don\'t even know what they are as long there is a hole, alcohol and drugs.',1
'yes they do!!!',1
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                 ',0
'just prehaps they bought gold at 250 bucks an oz...just saying, eh?',1
'hey classic slut,....  too bad that your dog pete didn\'t bite your bastard child\'s head off before your a$$hole huband shot him in the head. he should have shot you in your brain dead head too. no loss whatsoever!',0
'tamesnightowl    yes, the europeans are topless everywhere. they are so annoying when they assume on holiday that the rest of the world is interested in seeing their silly body parts.     i repeat, a princess should not be topless, ever.  private estate? the home had a public road near by.     given wm.\'s concern about the press, he and kate have only themselves to blame for being foolish.   ',1
'and of course, ugliest, as usual.',1
'i\'m sorry. i thought you said "if god tells us there is a water problem". and the lord said: "let there be mandated restrictions and taxes." yeah, right. besides government, nobody manages their money worse than god. thank god, i was wrong.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'its no wonder there gone!  i only recognized the guy from breaking bad and thats because of the commercials.  never saw any of the shows..  dont blab to me i must be a cretan or live in a cave.  the fact that there gone is proof they stink.. when the numbers are up the show goes on.  when the main character quits, dies or gets fired there is a spin off or character replacement.  ads pay fot tv shows.  no audience, no profit.  no profit, no show......',1
'the right to bear arms is not the right to murder, but then again, you probably think you\'re justified because you don\'t see them as people.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'good for you. :->',1
'you are correct, you are sorry, and apparently unable to comprehend that this family agreed to the rules of the hoa when they moved in there.  the rights you are claiming she has, were to not move into the community if she did not want to uphold the rules... having moved there, her rights are to now repaint the playhouse, tear it down, or move.',1
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                 ',0
'and by the way... even murderers and rapist and child molestors get a reprieve. and he does not fit that category in any way.  so you all should get a life.  and chances are, you people posting stupid comments, have done much worse than what he\'s done.  so get off your high horse and get a life.@ marv1, you should really stop looking in the mirror and talking to yourself.  @marv1, why don\'t you use your real name? oh, i know.  because you are the real pussy with a limp dick and a coward to boot.  include big punk in there as well.  all of you posting negative comments, while you think you are so righteous, why don\'t you include your real names.  oh i know, because you all are cowards too.  punks!!!!!!!!!!',1
'as qe3 kicks in and the deficit rises so will gold and other metals. soon we\'ll need a boat load of dollars to buy a big mac.      time to shut off the printing machine, let the interest rates rise and pull over the train and check out the cargo.     the banks aren\'t handing out money like they use to under frank dood, that changed. only the swells have access to these low interest rates...swells like me. ;) i\'m in good standing with my debt. and my credit score is so dam good it scares me...but i am almost debt free. getting real close to it.',1
'now that i can agree with!',1
'do u know i really want to know new people from eurpoe so that i can we can dicuss the diffrence between my nationalilty and her nationality i hope i will find her could u plse help me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'no.... not to sound insensitive, but its only killed 7 people. when it gets as bad as malaria, then i\'ll worry.     who estimates that in 2008 malaria caused 190 - 311 million clinical episodes, and 708,000 - 1,003,000 deaths.',1
'bicycling is wonderful.  and portland, or has made magnificent strides to make this a very feasible transportation alternative worthy of action.  but, 6 kids!?  really?',1
'no, when your number is up it does not matter what you are doing your done.....',1
'oh thank you though.  no one\'s told me i was fun in a looooong time ^_^',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'════════════════════  ​ ════════╮          *****seniorloving**********  ╰═══════════════════  ​ ═══════╯  ｔｈｅ　ｂｅｓｔ ｃｌｕｂ　ｆｏｒ allowing senior people come together as   couple and start new period of their lives, ceos,seniors,success  ​ ful people,users over 50..what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'i\'m surprised that so far, not one republican supporter i\'ve conversed with is aware of mitt\'s platform to open new free trade markets. people, it\'s right on his website. look for yourself.    if you\'re going to support a candidate, you should do yourself a favor and read a little bit.  if the "left" people like myself have to inform you, then you\'re in trouble.    have most repubs forgotten the word fair? as in fair trade, and fair share?',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'thanks for the kindness. i\'ll see him again some day.',1
'are these people sick in the head !  leave people alone and let them live there life\'s . if you want to see someones breast either look at your own or your wifes. i could see it \' if she were in a public setting showing off her breast but to invade their privacy is just wrong....we need to get back to the basics and show respect for others .',1
'arrrgghhh!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​..  ​ .​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'bruce gibson is an idiot....eliminate all queers',0
'all that protein a day & break down of ketones from 6 hrs of working out in a day!   is he trying to destroy his kidneys?',1
'you won\'t see "mass rampage". americans have allowed themselves to be filled full of fear by their own govenment. americans are so scared of their shadows over this terrorist thing and the destruction of their economy thing, and the jobs thing, and the drought thing, and the deficit thing, and the debt thing, and the criminal shyster bankster thing that i\'m surprised they haven\'t started dropping dead, just from fear. that they will trust their government to keep them properly hydrated until they die of thirst wouldn\'t surprise me at all. americans are the stupidest people on earth. americans are so afraid of losing their freedoms that they won\'t fight for them. shoot, their own government is the biggest terrorist that ever walked the face of the earth.',1
'i\'m starting to think famous people love this crap....these 2 dumba$$es, rhianna and chris brown, charlie sheen and all the hookers, they love the drama.     i\'m guessing having a lot of drama in their lives keeps them in the news, and makes them more money.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'michelle obams also said it wasn\'t likely her husband would lose the election.  obama himself said it is a likelly possibility he will lose.  so, pelosi says romney wont win.  my thinking is we will be relatively certain who the next president will be late on the night of november 6, 2012.  i plan to vote for romney but it isn\'t because i like him.  i think he is a rich crook and i do not believe he will help the country.  i am only voting for him because i plan to vote against all incumbents.  the reason for that is our country is too far gone at the hands of those in power.  i want to see them all gone!  local to president, i am voting against all incumbents! look at our burning embassies!!!!',1
'six kids? seven kids? is she picking up stragglers as she goes?',0
'well, the difference is this: i will debate you, reason with you, argue with you, whatever......what i will not do is attempt to force you to agree with me by passing laws coercing your compliance with my point of view. i will not show up at your door, spewing fairy tales and nonsense. i will not try to use taxpayer funds to build public displays promoting my opinions.     that is what christians do.     the fact that you cannot see the difference between my approach and yours is why you are an idiot. all we want is to be left alone, but your republican masters have convinced your putrid brain that whenever i ask you to stop pushing your asinine beliefs at me, i am somehow "attacking" you.  ',1
'just like jim carrey in liar liar saia with his son, "i thought beauty is on the inside?" "well, that\'s just something ugly people say."',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'da bro has da go!',1
'awe, i will really miss icarley',1
'this state was not always in the dumps as it is currently. there are plenty of decent folks in california though they are on a serious decline due to many factors. i can recall when it was a fantastic place, just not the case sadly in this day and age.',1
'fu_ _ _ _ _ christians are some retards',0
'now what?  we need a new political party?  both candidates for president are out of touch with the middle class. presidential candidate obama wants to give the country away and presidential candidate romney must be on another planet where wages are higher. it must be the rich and the poor, the very poor, the extremely poor and then those on government charity plans which are better than some of the poor ratings. help, another four years with the out of touch with workers in control.',1
'i read his friends called him king butt!',1
'what me worry?',1
'you need to invest in gold and silver cause as this whole **** house of cards comes falling down. sometime in barry\'s second term, stocks, bonds , real estate and those worthless barry buck will be worth, well nothing.',1
'will miss fringe. loved all the actors.',1
'do still believe in kings, queens, fairy tales, etc.? what have this couple done to deserve being so different from the common people?',1
'deanna did u just have sex change surgery?',1
'i with you r/12 on this one. think i\'ll take a family vacation to the west coast and visit san fran, not on your life. my time, money, children will not be subjected to this kind of idolitry and believe me, there is coming a day when this country will be and even is now broght to their knees, literally, by the rath of our creator, our great lord and savior, jesus christ will return at the sound of trumpets and then...read about it in rev. he\'s coming back and soon.',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'i swear everyone who watches that series suffers from an abnormally reduced iq.  good riddance!!!',1
'just sayin you **** textese ****',1
'the question should be, "which movie sank nemo?"',1
'what do kids know? they are taught ways of life growing up in an invirament at home and should not be raised by same sex partners because the kids will be then same as the so called parents! no knowen homo\'s should have a job that bring\'s them around children as they are pedophiles! so far there is no sex ed for kids to teach them how to be a homo is there? i certainly hope not showing kids how to bind over or to use condoms and the likely hood of getting hipotitus and other disgusting infections including aids.',1
'i can see your point, but cheating is a concious (sorry bad spelling and too lazy to look it up) decision, imo.  i have depression and anxiety and i just could never cheat on someone.  i know how it would make me feel if someone cheated on me and i don\'t want to make someone else feel that way.  and i tried the whole "get back with my ex" thing and it was a huge mistake.  now he\'s married to someone else and has like three kids.  i\'m  happy for him and i would never infringe on his marriage.  it\'s just wrong.     i could even understand her being with someone else if her relationship with rob wasn\'t serious, but they were together for four yrs!  married or not, that\'s a committed relationship, imo.  i don\'t think she would even be sorry if she hadn\'t gotten caught.',1
'i thought they were supposed to release that over iran.',1
'a$$ hole',1
'dogs always love you regarless of looks, color, money or what you have.  wouldn\'t it be amazing if we all learned from these creatures?',1
'where are the pics i want to see the royal boobs',1
'who are you kidding? you don\'t have any friends.',1
'so where did all the 19 patients come from and what hospitals dod they go to and well how about some details msnbc????',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'you get what you paid for.  you pay in 20% to 30% of your income into a retirement account, you have enough in 30 years.  you must decide weather you take your money on the check or put in the retirement plan.  don\'t blame others for saving more and getting out early when you could have done the same thing if you had a will to.',1
'to: unkyjack    the president has nothing to do with local state laws so your statement is pointless. the nudist in san francisco where given a chance to be who they want to be but a rotten few twisted it to bring attention to themselves. i applaud san francisco for allowing people to express oneself but a line must be drawn for public safety sake.',1
'quite',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'as in a true legend spartacus can not live forever, but the legend lives on, he stands on a very similar precipice uniting the many repressed masses against the very few who have the power.  those who control the economics and the military and elections. long live spartacus. fight for the people not for the power.',1
'fringe is a great show and will be missed after this year.',1
'@warlord170     methinks your brain was already melted. if a topic bores you, don\'t read it. it\'s really not rocket science.',1
'very well said but your words mean absolutely nothing to the very fools you preach to. anyone in this country who owns a electronic device from asia but owns a domestic is a damned hypocrite in their eyes. you are correct that it it almost impossible to own something of the first mentioned, but when it comes to purchasing a vehicle you do have a choice. the problem that exists is the fact these same fools, (who are the biggest hypocrites themselves) claim japanese/korean vehicles built here in the states are american and do more for our economy than the domestic market who have parts manufactured and some assembled elsewhere. not all parts are completely done so nor are all vehicles assembled in canada or mexico. and they are still american based. the real truth these foreign companies are not american and many more of their vehicles are not even assembled here and if they are with very few to zero u.s. made parts. by the time these dumba$$es wake up to the truth it will be too late for everyone in the u.s.  but you will continue to be the outcast while cursed for your positive and correct  dedication.',1
'are you a religious nut?',1
'the musblim dog\'s like to wear their mother\'s dirty stinky panties, and have sex with their sisters and neighbor\'s dogs! death to the musblim dogs viva america!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!',0
'lol, a little thick there eric?',1
'i bet this guy has sex with dogs and his mother!',0
'musblim dogs love it in their musblim ssa\'s! there is no allah, only god! death to the musblim dogs, viva america!',0
'bachi bazie to all the musblem dogs! viva america!',0
'with the money they make there should never be a complaint, never.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​...  ​ .​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'must of been in your whimpy, small back yard.',1
'i\'d like to watch hillery clinton phuq him in the ssa with a wooden slip~rod!',0
'a$$ hole',1
'so, what possess someone to do this? because you can perhaps. and what purpose doe this serve? we all know a dog can lick his balls, because he can. and the purpose is self grooming. but this just baffles me in more ways than one. oh such are the many mysteries of the world and it\'s people.',1
'yes.  and why not...     and for those who continue to blame the last adminstration for america\'s woes, you need to look back to clinton. he may have created a surplus but also signed the law that negated the glass-steagall banking act that kept the banking industry in check. he had an opportunity to set the stage for our futures but failed to do so and signed away.  so, where should the blame really fall?  this financial melt down can be attributed to the fact that the barries that didn\'t allow the banks to invest our money in risky investments was nullified and they could do anything they wanted with our money.  so i blame clinton.  don\'t believe me?  check it out at wikipedia.',1
'no, the morale of this country is terrible, if you are gay stay in the closet. it is wrong to show your fondness for the same sex. in another words, men and women were put on this earth for a reason, to multiply and grow the population. fagots are sick people.',0
'a$$',1
'i did notice that bill maher conveniently left out the fact that the soldiers at the u.s. embassy were not allowed to have any bullets for their guns, i\'m just curious what does obama expect the soldier to do without bullets?  were the soldiers supposed to throw spit balls at the enemy that invaded them????',1
'i know what you mean. however, you may like breaking bad. it\'s far from mind-numbing and one of the best written, best acted shows ever. and i do mean ever! it\'s truly worth a look. it doesn\'t downplay audience intelligence.',1
'breaking bad is really an excellent show.  i didn\'t watch it for the first two years, dismissing it as a lot of people do.  then one sunday night there was nothing else on and i watched an episode.  wow.  what a show, and what great characters.  i was hooked from that point forward.  i\'ll never forget seeing walter taking out the drug kingpin gus fring.  by putting a bomb in a wheelchair no less!  unbelievable.  sorry it had to end.',1
'well sumninadamnniggerbit  ​ ch!',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.  ​ .​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'the musblim dog\'s like to wear their women\'s dirty panties!',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                   ',0
'this is god\'s way of thinning the population.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'yay! now if we could just convince the powers that be to let us show them the same mercy they show the animals they abuse. wouldn\'t that be lovely?',1
'my best friend recommended me ___meetboomer*com___  ​ . i met my match there, and want to find more friends. it\'s a perfect platform to meet activities partners, senior people  successful,wealthy boomers,senior singles over 50, travel companions or your dream lover! there is not much that doesn\'t make me smile. looking forward to hearing from you!',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                   ',0
'aww damn i love anthony bourdain!',1
'people make mistakes....sometime  ​ s people whom you know aren\'t bad, aren\'t morally loose, people that are the best on the inside fall to the temptations that tweak the bad thoughts that sometimes can surface, and maybe on that day they happened to be weak from depression, or anxiety, or even someone else manipulating them for their own desires.......and sometimes when those people make those mistakes, you say bad things....things you wish you could take back because you know they weren\'t true, later, when you yourself weren\'t hurting so bad anymore, with a clearer head, you realize that you know who they really are, that they aren\'t like that.....and you wish that you could explain it to them....and work things out because you truely love them.     sometimes they do come back, and things do work out like you\'ve dreamed for so long....sometimes they don\'t come back, so you never get to say those words, you\'re left hoping and praying while you work to better yourself that maybe, just m',1
'he probably made another off camera auto tune comment.  killed by britney stink eye bitchcraft.',1
'if water was so precious then why have we polluted so much of it? the oceans are just about dead. i eat fish. do you eat fish? and yet we are being told that commercial fishing may be gone by 2050. quite frankly, i don\'t want to be the one trying to tell my grandchildren what "surf and turf" use to taste like. do you? me? i\'m planning on throwing another shrimp on the barbie. you?    rising temperatures are killing off the oxygen levels necessary to keep fresh water healthy and drinkable. invasive species, like the zebra mussel, are destroying habitats necessary to preserve the environments necessary for fresh water. we are seeing fish die-offs in the tens of millions in the very same bodies of water we are getting our drinking water from. anybody see a problem? the huge aquifiers critical to both farming and households are being sucked dry at unsustainable and exponetial rates. however, if there was a problem with water scarcity then why hasn\'t anybody done anything abou',1
'my best friend recommended me ___meetboomer*com___  ​ . i met my match there, and want to find more friends. it\'s a perfect platform to meet activities partners, senior people  successful,wealthy boomers,senior singles over 50, travel companions or your dream lover! there is not much that doesn\'t make me smile. looking forward to hearing from you!',0
'oh, you\'re back. i thought you changed your mind, or lost it.      there are very few card-carrying democrats. there is an overwhelming majority of anti-republicans.',1
'hey, don\'t touch my bottle of water, man.',1
'and what are you supposed to be, sam, kitt the knight rider mobile or the offspring of "my mother the car"?  was your father mr. ed?',1
'════════════════════  ​ ════════╮          *****seniorloving**********  ╰═══════════════════  ​ ═══════╯  ｔｈｅ　ｂｅｓｔ ｃｌｕｂ　ｆｏｒ allowing senior people come together as   couple and start new period of their lives, ceos,seniors,success  ​ ful people,users over 50..what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'who`s gonna take it down?',1
'════════════════════  ​ ════════╮          *****seniorloving**********  ╰═══════════════════  ​ ═══════╯  ｔｈｅ　ｂｅｓｔ ｃｌｕｂ　ｆｏｒ allowing senior people come together as   couple and start new period of their lives, ceos,seniors,success  ​ ful people,users over 50..what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'those biceps are nothing to admire.  they are gross lookin !!!!!!!!!!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the most unattractive thing i have ever seen!  they do look mushy and his forearms look out of perportion!',1
'good... one less obama supporter,,, hay all yo bros,, be tweeting....',1
'a$$ hole',0
'except breaking bad, right? haven\'t seen it? you might like it. one of the most intelligent shows on tv.',1
'i cant take this heat, i will move north if it gets like this next summer, its the hottest summer i have ever felt in 40 years.',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'i remember richard from the filming of an officer &  gentleman . i lived & worked in the town that it was filmed in. i worked at the local pool where scenes were filmed. seems he is still arrogant  .....',1
'that picture of that monkey alone is enough to terrify me into believing this is a very bad idea.',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'there are also alot of hipocrites...... just sayin',1
'and they\'ve even done research to show that some of that "non-organic" food is, shocker, actually organic and not treated with chemicals. they are several hoops farms would have to jump through just to get the label, that don\'t actually ensure better food.',1
'what for?',1
'i know this is going to be the answer for the ages and the one not accepted by the scientific community. faith! the christian worldview on the origins of our literal physical existence is based on the principle of faith. god did not use evolution as his process of creation. i understand the pressure for many to just mix the two to appease both sides of the argument. but simply put "that ain\'t scripture." our existence is based on the creative power of the word of god which sustains our creation even now! glory to god in the highest from whom all blessings flow!  now don\'t get me wrong, i celebrate all scientific discoveries because it shows us the mystery of creation. but when it comes to  who is behind our origins, the ultimate dividing line is based on the principle of faith that can never be nullified. without faith it is impossible  to please god, for he that comes to god must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him (hebrews 11:6).',1
'there are strict rules about where you can go nude in almost all european countries. they have a more lax attitude about it on public beaches, tv to a point and bathing houses etc.  and only if you are not flaunting and making a eye sore out of yourself. if you try that in a store, theater, eating establishment etc. they will arrest you and fine you for going overboard with it, count on it!',1
'i wonder how she handles that super-cycle in the snow and ice?  it would not be for me, give me a car any day, but good for her, all that fresh air and exercise can\'t be bad.',1
'woman beater or not, i don\'t listen to singing monkeys.',1
'the lights are on, but no one\'s home...',1
'omg, could you possibly stereotype a group more?  i admit to having drug problems in the past, but i\'m not a slut or an alcoholic.  and i\'m a liberal.  you talk about it like it\'s a disease or something.  at least we care about the poor and want to help the middle class instead of the rich, who don\'t need any more tax breaks.     it figures someone would have to bring politics into this...',1
'report it as harassment.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'fuxck you , ms mbc.  you are beyond liberal.',0
'please i beg of you , make sure you do vote this time around .  if you don\'t vote the other guy will win . numbers count .  lets say all obama voters go and vote for him . romneys voters don\'t go and vote , well then obama will win .      every vote counts regardless  ....................  ​ ........  even the illegal ones.',1
'interested in living as a nudist?  check out aanr.com  long time nudist and love it.  for a non-sexual nudist site check out aanr.com for a nudist resort near you.',1
'lets listen to a liberal change the definition of bigot to suit their own needs...... even though the definition of a bigot is defined as....a person who is intolerent of any differing creed, belief, or opinion!!!!! lets watch shall we??       fossafun lorax (fossafun)     a person is a bigot if they don\'t like a type of person.  a person is not a bigot for disliking not being liked.  you are not very smart if you can not sense the difference.  if gays were saying "straight people are disgusting and sinful"....then yes they would be bigots (like you)....but no one is doing that.  it\'s spelled fag. ',1
'naaaa. im not worried',1
'a$$ hole',1
'mr.dewey,before u make an **** out of a literary genius like twain,do some research,idiot! c4w u have done ur homework most props to you lol',1
'you know, we all know what body parts we have.  duh!  to invade their privacy is just ugly.  these two obviously love each other.  they aren\'t trying to make a disgusting, womanizing porn flick.  this will blow over pretty soon for everyone else, but it will probably haunt kate for a long time.  it problably feels like being raped with someones eyes.  don\'t get stupid about that expression, i\'m sure y\'all knows what that means.  i am really furious with these low life, scum dogs that did this to.   the people who did this are just trash!',1
'a$$',1
'from what i understand, the story from this point is just battle after battle. therefore the producers decided to end it this year in one big climactic season instead of dragging it out.    also, the producers delayed the second season for andy and when they found out he wouldn\'t return, consulted him about his replacement.     i have a lot of respect for that.',1
'alicia keys talks her past, present, and future     alicia keys enough talk, always running your mouth, let’s see you in some daisy dukes.  give your fans something they really want.',1
'meworld - what\'s cum taste like.  sounds like you\'ve had a shot or 2.',0
'attention !!!!!! white people beat women too !!!!!!! now not only do i not condone hitting women in any way, and have had arguments with many people about chris brown\'s problem (to my suprise most have been women ), the racists who would like people to believe that this is a black thing, should go to women\'s shelters !!! dumb racist people !!! and chris brown is a piece of shhiiit !!!!',0
'with the exception of anthony bourdain\'s show none of them will be missed. who are they anyway?',1
'we will have to vote on it first to see what\'s in it.',1
'you mean like we did with the criminal shyster banksters that caused the worst financial crisis since the great depression?',1
'send it to the car crusher where it belongs.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'thank goodness!!  one less thing for me to worry about.  the problems inherent in owning gold!',1
'of all of them, only care about fringe.',1
'saw actors doing commercials than of this show',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.      \'       ',0
'i\'m not really all that concerned with whether they get back together. they\'re very young, not married, no kids involved. my concern is for the marriage and the family kristen helped tear assunder. i\'m hoping that turns out for the best. who cares about rob and kristen.',1
'standard riding fare, in the netherlands.  so glad to see that this ethic is now coming to america!!!',1
'most markets are open know.  which additional markets ts romney going to open which will cut the deificit which is $16 trillion?     romney is great at selling snake-oil.  that is what makes him a great businessmen. selling snake-oil does not qualify you to run a nation.',1
'never did see it',1
'wingnut alert !!',1
'its either fat or lots of steroids',1
'absolute best way to make money in this market is find out who mitt romney is using to produce his print and video media for the election and short the stock of that company. ohio? can\'t win there, pull out. florida? are you kidding? can\'t win there! stop the presses. texas? will veterans vote for someone with the brains of rick perry and the charisma of al gore? nope. cancel the media insertions. i almost want to cry for romney because between lyin\' ryan and mascara sara palin the latter might have been a better choice. kids, this is what it looks like when your election goes down in flames before the election. things are so bad romney hired karl rove (bush jr.\'s old campaign advisor) to build him up on fox news with zero results. maybe the blessing in this is romney will succeed in putting fox news out of business so we can get a real news channel. you\'ll know this election is really over when romney says if we don\'t vote for him god will call him home. only he\'s mormon so it might not be heaven. end romney\'s despair, vote obama!!',1
'they were a little flag happy and blew quite a few calls during the steelers - tebows game.',1
'so if you see someone walking drunkenly with a screwdriver in his pocket your first response is to vastly overreact and tazer them?   who the hell did that?  a clerk?  a cop?  whoever, it was it\'s still assault.    you know with this kind of insane hysterical overreacting in every mundane, meaningless situation with no addressing of the bully/lunatic with the weapon, in this case a tazer, britain, like the us, is headed in a very scary direction.    if we aren\'t there already.',1
'i would like to see this film. and i like anything that pisses off the whack job muslims. they are a plague on this earth that needs to be wiped out and eradicated. i say nuke the middle east until it glows.',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'what does obama want the u.s. motto to be  "in allah we trust"????',0
'yea people really go that long..',1
'i’m a 27-year-old model looking for someone to spoil me and give me long term security. older men are usually more stable and mature so i’ve been looking to date older men. my friends suggest i take a try on ------ rίch hοοk μρ cοm ------ so i got a profile and some photos there under “alesiameyer27”. if you are interested, maybe you can come to say hi.                 ',0
'════════════════════  ​ ════════╮          *****seniorloving**********  ╰═══════════════════  ​ ═══════╯  ｔｈｅ　ｂｅｓｔ ｃｌｕｂ　ｆｏｒ allowing senior people come together as   couple and start new period of their lives, ceos,seniors,success  ​ ful people,users over 50..what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'that\'s what site injecting does when you use roids! a little obvious when you have no forearm!!!!!',1
'thank god this show is going bye bye!',1
'cincyrock, did you even read the article? the author states some facts and makes predictions about the future. how is that a bad article? the fact is that water is getting scarcer and itis going to get more expensive. if you think that makeing a profit on a product you produce or a job you are doing than you are a socialist and you should go live some where else.',1
'the biceps are built by forearm strength as well, when you look at his forearms they look like a beginning weight lifter would. his biceps look abnormally overgrown or injected with fat or bot ox. definitely not guiness material other than for most uncommonly found biceps',1
'bears are symbols of strength and wisdom to many native americans. rt thank you for your vulgarity, it shows your total lack of intelligence and your obsessive need to denigrate others.',1
'plenty of perfectly upstanding places in california, s.f.  just is not one of them currently.',1
'if rush limbaugh doesn\'t tell them what they need to know, they don\'t know it.',1
'the ugly people are the idiots that make stupid comments to hurt someones feelings, if i knew her i would hug her everyday and tell her how beautiful she is. and a great inspiration to others',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'how would you like to have mom  drop you off at school in that goofy thing . i think uncle buck`s 75 mercury is better than that ...',1
'the oceans are dying. where have you been? current estimates suggest that commerical fishing will disappear by 2050. try explaining what "surf and turf" tasted like to your great grand children.',1
'see, and here i thought what we needed was more "doom and gloom" not less. yeah, bring on the "doom and gloom" man.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.millions quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                   ',0
'he may have the world\'s biggest biceps, but he has the wrists and forearms of a girlie-man.',1
'northnil tell your mama to take her face out of my crotch the ask her why she have a knot in her jaw and now can you tell me what part of that you don\'t understand think about it',1
'anthony bourdain never heard of him.',1
'lol, isiur,really good 1',1
'people are starting to understand you do not have to pay the ticket, because they can not prove you were driving the car.',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​...  ​ .​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i had the superbug necrotizing faschiatus, .',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'my best friend recommended me ___meetboomer*com___  ​ . i met my match there, and want to find more friends. it\'s a perfect platform to meet activities partners, senior people  successful,wealthy boomers,senior singles over 50, travel companions or your dream lover! there is not much that doesn\'t make me smile. looking forward to hearing from you!',0
'democrats/liberals same agenda....aids is aids anywhere there is hiv.',1
'if he takes that lying, piece of **** back, he is obviously stupid. anyone that will consciously be with someone else when they\'re supposed to be committed, doesn\'t love you.',0
'such a great story',1
'there is no such thing as a free lunch.  it\'s either cash, grass, or a$$, kid.',1
'making fun of a super bug that killed 7 so far? who wrote this story? i would like to break his fingers',1
'would you ever want your testicles to be the size of raisins?',1
'again slarse less is not more when it comes to education unless you are a genius.  the clue here is that you think college educated people are brainwashed.  what are they brainwashing these students to think?   wow, you learned more than anyone that went to college. really because there are a lot of things i have been wondering about lately, please share some of that knowledge that you gained in you 11.5 years... let’s see what you know, show us how much better you are and save me the trouble of asking those  college educated idiots.  tell me something about some of these subjects;  who is considered to be the founder of modern democracy?  tell me about the founding and the evolution of the republican party, give details.   tell me some common misconceptions today about susan b.  anthony.  what, is the formula (pi r squared) used to figure, what might that be used for in business?  what three major chemical components must be in both clay and glaze?  how many brothers and sisters did king henry the 8th have and what were their names? take a stab at a couple of those and show me that pride in what you have learned in only 11.5 years mkay?',1
'ok, i\'m sure i\'m not the first to notice, but seriously, how does msn get away with making sex puns in their news titles.  master rebater...  seriously...',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'has a girls forearms...lol',1
'when we were young we drank out of garden hoses, never took a pill, people smoked, our mothers drank while pregnant, no knew what a seat belt or childs seat was in a car, you didn\'t go to the doctor when you had a runny nose, hand sanitizers would have gotten you beaten up at school, you shared food and utinsils with your friends, you were out in the sun all day without sunscreen, you played in real dirt and got dirty.       i have never had anything worse than a cold. our bodies were taught to fight off "bugs". we didn\'t get antibiotics for everything that ailed us. now we can\'t fight off anything because our bodies have no natural imunity to anything.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'or like the sahara',1
'@fl gator......maybe you should tell us.  how long was deemed\'s dick up your azz?',0
'no.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'another chance for big pharma (the legal drug lords) to stir up some striped pills from common substances with one uncommon substance, keep it\'s ingredients secret, call it some sort of strange name and sell it for 100 dollars a pill.  they\'ll bill your insurance company for tremendous amounts of money when it only cost a dime to produce, including salaries of all along the chain of distribution.  inusrance companies like it because the high cost you see is just figures.  they will give the drug lords, docs and hospts much less but they will advertise their insurance and people will run to take out a policy.  our elected people allow this abuse.  time to fire them all in november!  vote \'em out!',1
'de-salinated water is phony fresh water. even ships with the ability to "make" their own drinking water still load up on it when they get into port. they have fresh water tanks capable of holding tens of thousands of gallons of water. the modern fresh water systems onboard cruise ships blend their desalinated and fresh water supplies. you shower with the de-salinated water, and drink the water loaded into onboard tanks. tell you anything?',1
'i have to agree - we have pretty much trashed the joint.',1
'god should be everywhere.  "blessed is the nation whose god is the lord." psalm 33:12',1
'tnicole1976:  you really think bush spent "most of his presidency in crawford"?  i haven\'t heard that one before - from maddow, matthews or even axelrod.       of course you do have facts, documented evidence, official logs, emails, depositions and such to corroborate your absurd allegations, no?     (it must suck to be a moron on a diet of kool ade and snake oil, urinating in the breeze and trying to keep your feet dry.)',1
'"the other idiot in office,"  would be joe biden?  jeez, that lame ash-hole b-ho always has somebody else to put the blame on.  a truly poor excuse for a leader.',1
'oh yeh, hazard pay!!  lmao',1
'i\'m sorry to say, but mrs. pelosi is just a nasty thing.  ick.',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ .​.​.​.​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'don\'t bring your faith into this. as it is just that faith and not reality. until you can provice there is proof to a god, keep your faith out of factual stories and current events.',1
'don\'t forget - bush with his patriot act, and bush with his unfunded middle east wars, while simultaneously cutting taxes. a president should not cut taxes while we are at war. that\'s how we went from clinton\'s surplus to having a high deficit by the end of bush\'s 2nd term.    when conservatives rail on about our freedoms being taken away, why don\'t they ever bring up bush\'s patriot act? and why don\'t they remember that the tarp program was started under bush? and that the housing bubble popped and the financial markets collapsed under bush?    some of you think president obama is the worst president we\'ve ever had? maybe it would help to look back on the past 12 years to refresh your memory.',1
'it\'s sad that there are so many white people up here angry because these young black men made it as being rappers, when they lack the talent to do so. all the negative comments...rejoicing  ​  over more dead black men...this is so sad and yet pathedic. why be angry because these men made money rapping? the anger is not truly geared towards the fact that someone was drinking and driving..there is a lot of anger and annimosity here because these were black people with money. you bring up obama. more proof that you people are afraid of the black men being in control or having any type of power. you are pathedic and you need to fall down on your knees and pray! what they did was wrong, but i have even seen police officers texting and talking on their cell phones while driving, just as some of you do. stop acting like you are innocent. please, you just didn\'t get caught. why all the racial slurres? you hate the black rappers but yet, you go to them for help so they will "put you on" smh...shut up and pray! god has all power and he is in control!      ',1
'and once again msn plants an anti-christian story with a heading designed to start the god-hating pack of yappers yapping their christianphobe with a zealous frenzy.  i am convinced there is a little book out there called, how to speak christianphobe, and all you little parrotting zealots have a copy.  you all sound alike.  you use the same derogatory terminology, make the same disparaging remarks, and all sound like each other.  like a pack of cowardly dogs you all jump in and take turns nipping christians.  well, have fun while you can.  they mocked jesus, too, and his followers were told to expect the same from the lost world.  we know that in the end, we win, so it doesn\'t matter at all what the doubters say.  just know that it is apparent that msn leads you little yappers like it has a ring in your noses.  you are certainly in bondage to the media.  jesus can set you free and allow you to think for yourself.',1
'i want to see kate\'s tits... where can i go to see them?',1
'did you even read the article???????',1
'my family just welcomed a little girl into our family,(adopted from india). she\'s about eighteen months old. we\'ll never know her birthdate for sure since she was abandoned. this amazing and beautiful girl has some very sever birth defects. i worry about her future and how people are going to treat her. she deserves nothing but love and kindness, but reading some of these posts makes me cry. these are the kinds of people she will come into contact with and i can\'t imagine the kind of pain she\'ll have to endure. we won\'t be able to guard and protect her every moment of her life. i just pray she\'ll have the strength and courage lizzie has shown. i sure don\'t have it.',1
'lol and smh.',1
'why is this news?',1
'i get what dew is saying, anything to cut the risk of something happening to our most vulnerable. i\'m with you on that one...',0
'well the problem was 3 things on that fateful night:   -bitch wa\'ent lisnin\'   -bitch wos trippin\'   -bitch wos talkin\' back   once you understand that, it all makes sense...',0
'i think it would be great to clone them and bring them back. it would be a bit of hope for the future, and inspiring to bring and animal back that we drove extinct. personally, i think we should clone many of the nearly extinct animals as well, to help stabilize their numbers, but we also need to be cautious that we dont get sloppy with conservation efforts.',1
'who gives a **** about  j.t.   he\'s just another liberal democrat bastard.   i am glad he got ****ed by warner brothers.',0
'no he looks deformed!',1
'no',1
'right on principal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'lilyyyyyy and dddddasco  get f life',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.... . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'stop looking in the mirror then cleverdick !',1
'i am glad for them both<<<<<<<<<<<   one time, is enough, to break up...  don\'t let your heart stop thinking for you two.<<<<<<<<  don\'t let the bottom half of you do the thinking............  ​ ..............  love is a awesome thing, and i feel that the two of you have something very special.  don\'t screw it up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  always have trust and talk everything out, and don\'t go to sleep mad or upset with each other...  take care of the love that he has for you and you have for him....  try to make it last in this crazy, fast pace world that we live in.  stop and smell the roses............',1
'sofaking...it\'s easier to make dogs...they breed by 5s n 6s. kill all you want. they\'ll make more.',1
'classic lady said:  moderate democrats and republicans?  i would give some of my worth  to see that.  the centrist are definitely outnumbered by those leaning hard left, and hard right.    don\'t blame extremism on the democratic party.......that is wholly owned by the current republican party.....there are many moderate democrats......democ  ​ rats have 3 groups left, middle and right......and the far left and right in the democratic party are the minorities.....ever heard of blue dog democrats........how  ​  many republicans are liberal in the congress of 2012?   the gop today vote like their in a parliamentary system.....all moderates have been controlled or kicked out of the gop......this is not true of the democratic party......this is just plain fact...      i am glad to see you believe in moderates.....so that being true, i hope you votes on nov 6th reflect that and you vote against all right wing tea party members of congress......anyone  ​  that cares about the future of this country needs',1
'lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..t  ​ his is a two day old thread moron and up to four hours ago this sunday here you are posting a comment to me lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ seriously deem\'gunslinger take your meds old yeller [negro mammy boy]..your imagined wife deem is being disrespected by yours truly and you don\'t seem to care that she\'s been shall we say...pimping out her trash vagina all over the internet lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..y  ​ ou racists rednecks are supposed to defend your [so-called honors] and yet,here you are afraid to go see what your going to find..happy hunting negro lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..t  ​ hugs rule.',1
'time to score:       as the extremists muslims or whatever you want to call them will get their turn   obama will also get his turn  for starting this       patience is a virtue, however do not abuse this virtue',1
'black sheep i alowed u to have ur moment of puke,please allowe me mine',1
'try reading about the experiment and it will explain why these controlled actions were taken or would you rather live in a world riddled with disease and uncontrollable events. you\'re viewing this with an emotional stand point and blocking out the beneficial out looks that experiments like this can bring in the long run. science can be disturbing but without testing such as this we might still be in the hunter gatherer stage of our evolution. i hate to see animals treated like this but understand the benefits it can bring in the long run, not just for man but all living creatures. read the iopscience page that this article is linked off of and iop\'s adjacent links.',1
'just pluck him and throw in a soup pan',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.                   ',0
'you are not born that way it is unnatural feelings and the mind gives into it and people let it go instead of helping and now its to late to help the sick',1
'no...any more stupid questions?',1
'" in some cases, schools taught that sex is only appropriate within the context of marriage"       that\'s because it is. duh!',1
'put some wd40 on your rusty nuts and pull them out of your a$$, what a douchbag',1
'.',0
'i plead the 5th!!',1
'floating, what you are saying is that jobs are more important the profits?    if that\'s the case then.....    without profits then what\'s the point of putting people to work?    as an investor you don\'t seem to recognize the risk to reward factor.',1
'no;  but why not , you can see them on  tv and movies,  that\'s freedom  the americans way right',0
'hahahahahahahahahha!  ​  you dumb jack~ssa! beating women is starting to pay off for you, you phuqing animal!  get another tatoo1 go beat your horror mama! hahahahahahahahahaha  ​ ha',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'lol! this story has also drawn its fair share of good puns! :)',1
'love sarah palin in her v-neck',1
'i say increase the presence of sex education. parents shouldn\'t be the stand alone source since it is now "normal" for a 12 year old to have sex. there should be more education on why waiting is better then going with peer pressure of "everyone is is doing it". it is to the point where teen shows, movies make refernces of sex. people do not care if children are teen parents. it now getting romantized with 16 and pregnet and teen mom.      its bad enough that sex is now "just sex", and the emotion or "love" behind it no longer applies. oh and for the record children as young as 7 have cyber sex with adults as old as 40 in mmorpg like world of warcraft, or that playstation 3, playstation home a social mmo.  so kids are getting the wrong impression of what sex is. there is also the misunderstanding that teen must have sex inorder to keep there relationship, which ends up having a baby. also there neds to be more education that birth control is',1
'god damn religious people get more and more stupid every day.....the add is obviously made to be humorous, but you nutcases will do anything to show your a$$.',1
'lot\'s "house" was the "house" of gemini. the "two male messengers" who "came down from heaven" are pollux and castor!',1
'not a threat its a promise i will blow your queer head off if you intervene with my family not a threat........i promise you. thanks for the dictionary lesson axagal webster, you are an idiot.',0
'nothing is wrong with profits - as long as they don\'t eliminate more american jobs just for the sake of profits.',1
'all you ignorant non-black racist should be labled *n*****rs. because the shoe definitely fits you. i\'ll be raping your mothers, daughters, wives and  just to show you how happy i was with your ancestors raping my great grandparents of their heritage and virginity. in fact i am so happy about coming from slaves that your ancestors owned, i am going on a racial rampage, starting with you!!! where do you mf\'s come up with this **** to justify what your fathers and grand-fathers did to human beings?',1
'actually,   actors are encouraged to get a diverse education to prepare them for understanding the roles  they might be called upon to play.      i will point out some generalizations people use that indicate low intelligence.  1.  nobody in the country.-- you assume to speak for us all, but you must have taken him seriously, because you are here commenting over and over.     2.  hollywood people are some of the least educated -- how do you know this?   ',1
'that is one cheap lady!!',1
'a car weighs what? 4,000 pounds? so any impact with one would be disastrous under these circumstances.     i won\'t complain about the lady\'s choices. it\'s her life and she certainly seems happy, as do her children.    but, we can\'t ignore that when bike meets car, bike loses.    that\'s the way it works, unfortunately.',1
'i watched all 4 seasons in about two weeks on netflix. i now am considering purchasing seaon 5 on amazon. anyone that watches dramas, is doing themselves a real disservice by not giving breaking bad a watch. the plot really gets moving about episode 5/6 of season 1. man, is this show awesome, it will be missed.',1
'the monster has been fed.',1
'make money without spending money! go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'who gives a phukc about christians? cry me a river. go pound a bible up your bunghole and shut the phukc up.',1
'several, actually.  the "old school" republican, however.   not the neocon, fascist, regressive, ignorant bastards  that have co-opted the party into a pseudo-religious,  judgmental, oppressive, obstructionist  pos that it is today.     even more amazing...i even agree with you from  time to time, about matters of fiscal frugality when  its called for.',1
'romney and mormons do not believe in a cross, their \'holy\' symbol is a spire.    they do not believe that jesus died on a cross. they believe that jesus came to earth and america by a rocket space ship, sent to earth by his mother and father from a distant planet.    mormons are not a very friendly religion to other \'christian\' denominations. mormons are not very friendly towards evangelicals.    many evangelicals view that mormons blaspheme the story of jesus.   ',1
'which god?  christain fairy tale or muslim falry tale or one of the other hundreds?',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?===(bing it) ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'@helo  helloooooooo?  =)     right you are, humans can run  the extreme on both sides of the scale and i\'d dare say all of us have hit near zero more often than breaking 80, i know i am guilty. and your also correct in the fact that she is inspiring and strong. (that gals gotta pair!)  i thought the same thing about her voice! :)  i wasn\'t "trying" to be sweet, i\'d love to talk with her over dinner.        great to see you, how are you this evening?',1
'great fun for every one i think its great',1
'mr. wiener.... nudity.... heh,heh, heh...',1
'when god finally drops the hammer on the gays he will start in sf calf.',1
'jes\' wonderin\' here.  my 31 y.o. daughter is a vibrant, active, attractive, intelligent, well-educated young woman who is also a successful professional.  she is also unmarried.  although i don\'t know the details (and don\'t need to know), i know she also has an active sex life.  so, my question for all the "no-sex-before-marri  ​ age" moralists out there is, do you think my daughter\'s chances for a successful marriage (should she ever decide to get married) have been destroyed by pre-marital sex?',1
'i live in puerto vallarta, jalisco, mexico.  the queers have found out that if you have money you can just about do anything you want to down there. they have almost totally taken over what used to be a very wonderful family vacation spot and turned it into a filthy, gay, anything goes sewer. they have bought the young kids, from about 12 on up ( who will do almost anything for money) and made what was once a fun place, into a sewer. straight people are flocking away in droves. the economy is failing because of this, and it isnt a nice place to go anymore. same with key west, florida and any other place that have liberal rules on gay conduct. i was born just 50 miles away from san francisco and used to love to go there for fun and the beauty of the city, but no more. i will never go there because of the perversion you see all over the city, not just in the castro district..... it is sick in san francisco',1
'she must be working for romney camp, if you ask me. i know i can\'t predict future, but there is one that was afforded me: and that is, she will never ever never be the president of usa after saying that! lol',1
'we have made it for people under 30 to think its ok to begay as the goverment has let it go but we the people need to stand up tell them it is wrong  and not be a freek',1
'people are so dumb just wanting to cause drama and get their name out there somewhere. grow up. get over it. it wasn\'t created to offend anyone, i\'m sure it was meant to be funny!!! that it\'s so damn delicious it caused freaking evolution... yes i\'m so absolutely positive this happened!! omg people seriously what is this world coming to you can\'t joke about anything without someone yelling fire!',1
'i think she\'s a very inspirational woman. she\'s got more guts and ability to face this sort of thing than most posters would be able to here. i know for a fact  the majority of the negative posters would never have the guts to say the things they\'re saying here to her face.',1
'if this pig bitch died tonight there would be more celebrating than crying going on.',1
'he looks like popeye! ugh!',1
'nbc=propaganda tv!!  0.5% of the population is gay--- not normal!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'learn how to spell "hypocrite" you knucklehead.',1
'love the title! lol! "master rebater"! lol',1
'is it my advil or is my reading comprehension going the way of the country today? why, oh why, am i not understanding what people are really saying?!  maybe i go read some books to help my comprehension...',1
'as this earth grows older god grows sad as the path of this country is taking this country was started on moral values know we are headed into the gates of hell',1
'it\'s against the law in sf to include toys in "happy meals" but it\'s "okay" to walk around town with your dick hanging out?',1
'cl:  people who think that everyone deserves equal treatment under the law, and that women should have a right to decide what to do with their bodies if they\'re ra-ped, are not all atheists. in fact some of us are members of a christian denomination/religio  ​ n. perhaps judgment should be reserved for our maker?         ps: i wouldn\'t be surprised if many on the left care less about romney\'s religion than we care about his platform.',1
'no, i dont get the point.  it sounds like you have no point.  you should do the honorable thing.',1
'sex sells. it sells everything. women are sex objects. fat ones are not good to look at and are not in the least bit desirable. women always whine about wanting men to not think of them as objects. they are mad if a man doesn\'t want to mess with them if they are fat. then they don\'t give a man the time of day if he doesn\'t fit their opinion of what a man should be. these bitchs whine and whine. think joe is a bitch.',1
'she is famous ( or infamous).   she was outside sunning her titties . is she that stupid to think someone may not try to snap a couple pics ?  .you know if there is a way , someone will (and did) figure how.  i think it\'s hilarious, that the royal snobs are upset.  get a life & keep your clothes on !!  .good for the photographer making some cash.',1
'who cares',1
'thanks!!!! if you have facebook,  you might want to spread the word! i don\'t have that and don\'t know how to use it.  but, we only have about 50 days left!  thanks for your post!!!',1
'that picture looks like it\'s a buttcrack getting ready to puff on a cigarette.',1
'they will peddle me around!',1
'idiot...............  ​ ...............dead.  ​ ......',1
'i am 68 years old and when i went to school from 1950 through 1962 there simply was no sex education.  in the sixth grade the girls had a assembly where they watched a movie about their cycle and just a very tiny bit about sperm (depicted as little fishes swimming upstream) and the egg (depicted as a hen dropping an egg into a tube) and the fishes eating the egg.  i was the student projectionist and i can remember having to cover my mouth with a towel so no one could hear my laughter as i showed this nonesense.     also my straight laced parents never taught me anything.  by the time that i was 13 i had researched the human reproductive system on my own in the library and could detail the entire male and female anatomy and the processes involved in conceiving and delivering a healthy baby in full clinical detail.  i had also viewed medical training movies (this was way before dvds existed) on delivering a baby normally, breach, cord or blue babies, and caesarean section.  i knew about ',1
'union morons like you would rather shut a plant down than take a pay cut. then you whine when they shut the plant down.',1
'i will stop at two. one can ride in the back and the other can jog along. my kids, my rules.',1
'this is just sh-t stirring by atheist msn gays.  not even true. christians are secure enough in their beliefs to not even let a add like this even phase them.',1
'who gives a sh*t!!!',1
'he\'s still a pussy assed no talent big ego limp dick coward',0
'i stopped watching this show about halfway through season 5 anyway. after jim and pam got married something changed and it only got worse from there.',1
'when the zombies finally attack, it\'s not going to be gold that has value, but bullets and shotgun shells!',1
'csi has needed to go ever since the character of grissom retired. with him gone the show became nothing.',1
'thank you 4love.  exactly, and that\'s a very well written explanation.',1
'exceo    i agree    a former mentor of mine, told me   """ cooler heads prevail"    "" never make a decision when you\'re angry""',1
'good-i hate that goddamn show....no reruns either!',1
'typical negroid, no rules apply to africanus americus, get out of my way is their rule.',1
'west bo ro  bap tist  church.  those are some sick extreme people. all in the name of religion.',1
'i\'m nothing if not entertaining, but i teach while i entertain....lol',1
'very sad but true... i hate you trtit..',1
'people are so stupid this has nothing to do with living large. listen everyone over 45 on this board shut your mouth you have no idea what the younger generation is our payckeck actually would buy things mine wont buy a tank of gas.',1
'great post!',1
'i agree fella\'s.       @j bird  idon\'t always agree with your posts (no offense) but your post\'s and responses here have been dead on the mark. well done sir!!',1
'the answer is simple---stop by sh*t you cant afford and save your money instead!!!!!!!!  that\'s how it works.',1
'my own personal experience-no.  moved onto a small farm (60 acres) 16 years ago, still work in the city.  since then have dropped 55lbs.  up at 5:00am and work at home before going to work, and work my **** off on weekends.  we now grow and raise much of our own food, but none of it ends up "country fried". food i now eat is much more healthful and conducive to being lean than what many city dwellers indulge in.  i know some in the city that will take a bus 2 blocks rather than walk.  there are fat asses everywhere, no ethnic or socioeconomic group is immune.                                                              all-that, you are 100% correct.  my dr\'s charts say no, but every year my dr. says yes! he can\'t believe my physical condition.  it ticks me off that their charts don\'t factor muscle mass.   those of us who are in great shape with low body',1
'yup..don\'t think the markets are cooked yet...?',1
'sorry, i posted that before the anthony bourdain drop show. i have watched his show many  times, because i love to cook and eat and am adventurous when it comes to trying new things...  however, anthony is no match for that cute face of andrew zimmerman and his daring food feats!',1
'wow!! what an idiot some people are (see comment below).. we, "white people" are the ones who invade this land. we took mexico and cali from the mexicans, so there is no surprise that they are the majority in both states. besides, for the most part mexicans are some of the hardest working people in this country and they are the ones willing to do the nitty gritty jobs that the rest of us think we\'re too good for. so before you talk about how mexicans destroy things, try to consider what you do to improve the us quality of life.. prob nothing but make ignorant comments...........',1
'55 is far from record for parrots.  churchill\'s macaw charlie is said to be 104 years old and still alive and well.  this claim cannot be proven, but there are documented cases of parrots living over 80 years in captivity.',1
'once they got the monkeys smart enough, they should teach them to ride horses and use automatic weapons... that\'d be pretty cool.',1
'there actually is a fix: abolish incorporation for all non-founder run businesses. every year, throw the 100 highest and lowest earning americans out of the country. create template law forms that are to be used in all common circumstances. make it illegal to engage in any relationship without a signed contract (template). set the minimum age for retirement, not the retirement age. once someone agrees to retire, define it and make it legal. retirees should pa no taxes and have no investments. they get a fixed monthly allowance and free healthcare. they live in retirement facilities, not their homes. make it law that every american has blood drawn and and full physical exam in the month of their birthday- annually. no exceptions. legalize everything except abuse. make it a felony to over-use or abuse anything. fix the borrowing rate at 12% for all credit regardless of what it is. that\'s 1% interest per month. teach students all the legal templates in high school, along with budget and tolerance classes.',1
'exactly right j bird. they were taught to eat like that. it passes down from generation to generation... "clean your plate young\'in!"  my grandfather was a cattle rancher and they grew all their own food/crops etc etc... thank god we have good metabolisms because while we are not in the business anymore we still eat like we are! : d',1
'sorry for the long rant i posted, but sometime you just can\'t say enought to get a reasonable point across and i believe all of us feel that every now and then.',1
'excellent question. what good could ever come of understanding how the brain works.',1
'great show, but brian c is really turning bad man...hence "breaking bad"',1
'kumbaya   my lord,,,,,,,,,,kumbay  ​ a    rumor has it that obama is air-lifting  via- c5a- galaxy (cargo aircraft ) to the middle -east a full load of smores',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'oh, it\'s so tragic...........sni  ​ ff sniff. not!!!!!!! good bye and good riddence!!!!!!!!! especially to that disgusting, pornografic, idiotic "jersey shore". none of these were worth the first seasons, let alone seconds, thirds, or more!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'screw the picture. it\'s time for the u.s.a., china and the soviet republic to clean house on north africa. send \'em all back home, kill \'em and send \'em to allah or muhammad or whoever. then, split the territory and call it a day.      this crap wasn\'t because of a damn movie. the movie is just an excuse. these idiots have been killing each other for 4,000 years! it\'s time for some much needed invervention.',1
'go the f**k away jackson.',1
'no you think again.  the muslims are kicking up a ruckus to make sure obama stays in.  it is a complex conspiracy that you will never uncover.    you best bet is to have some prep h handy, boy cause you are gonna be a little sore come november.',1
'my heart is so warm now.',1
'people are so dumb just wanting to cause drama and get their name out there somewhere. grow up. get over it. it wasn\'t created to offend anyone, i\'m sure it was meant to be funny!!! that it\'s so damn delicious it caused freaking evolution... yes i\'m so absolutely positive this happened!! omg people seriously what is this world coming to you can\'t joke about anything without someone yelling fire!',0
'i can 100% say that the students in that school could have cared less if the gay guys decided to take that  class and dress in a different way. people over 30 need to realize that the majority of the young people have become more accepting, especially the young girls who outnumber guys. give it 15 years and gay rights will be constitutional rights. it\'s time you shut your mouth and realize you have no control anymore.',1
'mitt has been saying some crazy things lately.  i\'m starting to think that he suddenly realized that he was the gop candidate and has had second thoughts.  there\'s no backing out at this point, so if he does just enough damage to himself he throws a close fight.',1
'have i ever been nude in public? well if having sex with my hamster while a pit bull engages on me from behind in my backyard counts then yes i have.',1
'they are manmade',1
'whoever made this "cartoon" is a moron and i will have no sympathy for him/her when payback finds its target. wanna be cute? ok, no problem...be cute while your head is getting bashed in too.',1
'little smart @$$',1
'o.k i am guessing will ferrall\'s calling kstew a trampire was all for not, eh?!  but these two should stay together and not let anything come between them again.     some relationships are stronger, some go south forever.',1
'the only people that need to actualy have it their hands are the same people that think the world will soon end. bad news folks, if it gets that bad, someone will just come and take it by force.',1
'i just would like to say that when hitler was mistreating the jews back when, he realy should have gotten to maher\'s parents to prevent this little smirking bastard from ever being born. he is such a total un-funny loser that hates america and should be deported to hell. he is an insignificant little piece of bloody liberal dog excretment.',1
'i am so happy to hear it.  i won\'t even listen to chris brown because of what he did.',1
'ain\'t gonna happen. the bobbies over there can only carry sticks- no guns. it\'s a fairy tale land over there in england. what with princes and princesses and all...',1
'stop looking in the mirror at yourself then cleverdick !',0
'nah.',1
'yes at the beach didn,t see anything wrong with it',1
'yes, but if we would stop using antibiotics for everything and remove all the sanitizers that are everywhere, perhaps we would have the ability to fight off infections.  the one person i worked with who sanitized her phone, computer desk top and everything in her work area daily was constantly sick, couldn\'t fight off anything,  we need to be exposed to germs to build up resistance. otherwise we have no ability to fight off infections.',1
'i\'d name him, lunch! heat up the frying pan!',1
'his liver needs a rest.',1
'true, but he is right about one thing, he is a bigot.',1
'nobody cares what those cultists think or drink. the can drink cyanide laced kool-aid for all i care.',1
'loser,   peddle your sorry a$$ out of here you sorry a$$ sob!!',1
'that\'s absurd, i\'m not a repub or a dem and by the way, i\'m very fit, thanks for asking.(6 foot tall and 175 pounds) based on all of your comments your a worthless, uneducated moron so i couldn\'t take offense to what you say. pretty sad on your part. your little drivel means nothing to me. sad, pathetic little man. let me guess, you go around calling people fat because your mad at your own weight right?   go check the air pressure under your house, putz.     you lost that fight with me dude. i\'m in very good shape. i actually work hard for a living, being a landscaper. sorry, try again.',1
'tiwit    lets throw all the muslims and christians out of the country    problem solved    and while we are at it lets get the  jews ,protestant,mormons and any other religion out also  they all have their version of extremeism',1
'and 2 boiled eggs',1
'and mitt romney is using the situation to roast obama - what a ****.',1
'ms nbc, you are a bunch of lieing pigs and you know it  just like your favorite suck.  obama',0
'what do you expect when we live in a country where your religion can allow you to suck the penis of an infant and infect him to death with herpes with no, no accountability whatsoever?',1
'years of hardcore daily masturbation lead to those biceps.....',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'i love it, this girl reminds me of our mother, who was a stay at home mom and she taught us to play and work together, you know a family that plays together stays together. we still number seven and our mother is a very young 87 and lives next door to my sweet wife and i and one of her younger sisters of 81 lives next door to us also. i will never have to go hungry or miss any new kinds of dishes or deserts ha ! i can say that walking and running, pedaling a bicycle gave me a strong pair of legs and we all still can walk as far as the eye can see and back again ha ! there are 4 wheel bicycles that you can pedal and you can even get them with a little electric motor to help out if and when you get tired ha ! google and you can find them they are something i would like to have but i keep saying i might just build my own, but so far i haven\'t got enough steam built up in the old boiler to get started ha ! happy trails',1
'take a good long look at the picture christians its called science and its true lol.intelligent design is the funniest thing i ever heard .lets teach children that once upon a time a snake talked to 2 people who were made by an invisible man with magic powers that lives in the sky.grow the f--- up christians.keep your insane beliefs to yourself and leave the rational world alone,but i no you cant and as long as you cant u will hear from the sane people like me.look at what relligon does christians people are getting killed over a bulls--- movie in the middle east religion is a cancer on mankind it limits the human mind and is innately insane! so please if you must talk to your imaginary friend in the sky do it without bothering anyone else.stop trying to  save people the people you hate believe in reason,logic and science not fantasy and nonsense',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'i suspect the guy was fired or disciplined in some way.  the store apologized.  but the date was a big issue and has now passed.  as for made in china, every other store is the same.  picking on one store is not fair.',1
'fuking retard.',1
'i did read it - damning indictment of mitt and the wall street sociopaths that have gutted our economy.',1
'every time this as.hole open his mouth it`s feces all over,hmm i wonder if he knows what feces means i think i just repeated what you just said isi',1
'now there is a claim its some arabic guy, maybe with a grudge against islam, or maybe wanting to stir up discord.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'somebody at guinness needs to do their research. this is a classic case of synthol (not steroid) use as others here have pointed out.  his forearms have no definition at all and the biceps are malformed, droopy and puffy.  this is all 100% consistent  with synthol injecting.  for those that don\'t know, synthol is not a steroid and this guy is not a steroid user. if he were, his forearms and shoulders would be in much better shape than they are.  steroids build actual muscle, so just picking up the massive weights to build giant arms like that would have by default added at least some mass and growth to the rest of his arms. steroids really are irrelevant.  natural or steroid, the act of picking up a weight builds forearm muscles. he would have to lift a lot of weight to build those biceps and yet his forearms are stick skinny. that means he\'s not actually lifting much weight.  synthol is very different than steroids.  synthol does not cause any kind of increase in strength and it does not technically grow the muscle itself.  synthol is an oil that is injected into the muscle to pump it up almost like a breast implant.  it\'s just oil in those arms making them look big.  it\'s not act',1
'careful my good fellow...you might find out he is living in the basement of your mothers house.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the inclination for physicians to prescribe unnecessary antibiotics (as mentioned by windy city guy) to appease their patients did contribute to the evolution of antibiotic resistant bacteria.  but people need to be aware that not taking antibiotics as prescribed has played an even larger role in this matter.  if antibiotics are taken in the absence of a bacterial infection, i.e.:  a viral infection, there are very few bacteria present to develop antibiotic resistance.  if antibiotics are prescribed but not used as directed in the presence of a bacterial infection, the potential exists for many bacteria to survive.  those surviving bacteria can develop antibiotic resistance and pass that resistance to the next generation.  poor hand washing technique is another major contributor to the problem and is not exclusive to health care workers and the health care environment.  we all contributed to this problem and we must all do our part to control it.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'absolutely. everyone should know what kind of person they are supporting with their money. only the women beaters and other lowlifes will dissagree. a pos will always be a pos.',1
'obviously both of these fine upstanding citizens are democrats!',1
'so, are you saying that public, homosexual activity is okay but that choosing to not have clothing on your body is "freaky"?  that would mean public lewdness is okay but that not being ashamed of one\'s own body is not okay.  it\'s the other way around.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'who wants gold when you cant spend it any place . its not like currency to make payments with .  if your lucky enough to own it good for you .     the poor mans metal now looks like silver .',1
'please do not confuse the nudist community at large, with these yayhoos in san francisco.  do yourselves a favor and visit the american association for nude recreation website  and read what they have to say and the principles that they adhere to.  nudist clubs and resorts are private, not public, they are family friendly and completely non sexual in nature.  clothing optional beaches and evidently clothing optional cities like san francisco, are under the purvue of state and local statutes/regulations  ​ , and have nothing whatsoever to do with the aanr nor to any sensible person enjoying a healthy and privately nudist life style.  the castro district of san francisco has a rather frisky reputation, and is also predominantly homosexual.  just the facts folks, i am not a gay basher.  as cold and foggy as it gets in san francisco, running around butt naked is a bit preposterous.  it takes very little imagination to visualize castro district residents engaging in weenie warming.  supervisor scott wiener should be whacking their tallywhackers!:-):-)  ​',1
'i wonder what would happen if we didn\'t have any political affiliation labels - if it was just the candidates\' names that we had to go by. no republicans, no democrats.    then everyone who wanted to know what potential and incumbent representatives stood for would have to listen very carefully.',1
'marcus, you will have to hone your name calling skills to be competing with cindy and deemed. they are pros, but thankfully, their skills tend to be a good example of their party\'s mentality and often works to the democrats favor.',1
'i can see where this is going as soon as i saw the word "bias".  i\'m sorry, but i do not want my young child to attend a class where the safe methods of homosexual activity are taught.',1
'@j bird  are you trying to stalk me? j/k bro.  lets just say i\'m in south central mi. close to the in. oh. border.  you?',1
'my opinion is you are getting way to defensive about this. so much so that i would guess you are no longer talking about his actions and instead are referring to your own personal actions and experiences. the only one who defends a pos like that is another pos trying to justify his own actions.       sure, i\'m positive he\'s sorry.        he\'s sorry he is a low life, woman beating, sorry excuse for a man.',1
'this looks so fake ! looks like he had some injections or something to make them look like that, on top of that dude you look screwed up, you couldn\'t "destory" anything because you can\'t move crap, i always love to fight the biggest guy\'s who believe thier tough, to show them big doesn\'t mean nothing.',1
'schwing schwing',1
'the reality is that both megan and morgan will be living in a cardboard box because the thieves that run wall street will have stolen their $500,000. again!   this person works for the crooks that stole everyone\'s money the first time.  f*ck me once, shame on you. f*ck me twice, shame on me.',1
'denmarks buses are way cooler than everybody\'s',1
'they will definately boost sales, so they did him a favor.',1
'eight stars....wait a minute pricess! when msn puts out their christian bashing stories,, you gays are the first ones to post your hateful comments , so don\'t even whine about bigots, because gays are as bad as anybody! maybe worse!!!!',0
'i\'m glad we almost perfectly agree on that. about the federal subsidies, well, i think if a poor person is ra-ped, then they need some help. i guess we\'re in agreement on that.    but i don\'t think abo rt ion should be a standard means of con tr aception.  i\'m curious of your view on stem cell research. i know someone who had cancer - she was able to donate her own stem cells for her treatment. i didn\'t know that was possible until she told me.',1
'gosh, blamee....up on the wrong side of the bourse today?',1
'the places that people go nude are at the swimming pools cause there is no beach near by. but there is a warning before you go in that nude people will be inside. they do not go naked in public. i lived in europe for 6 years never saw a naked person wandering the streets while they shop. on billboards they have shown partial nudity -female front, males back, chest. this is an american thing. the people did not have too much of a problem with the nudist till they started to decorate their junk drawing attention to it. and that would not be allowed even in the european swimming pools.',1
'when i was born',1
'that\'ll teach those noisy kids. national spirit? organized assembly? get back to your computers and smart phones, already!',1
'we must let all the musblim dogs phuq him in the ssa! there is no allah, only god! viva america!',1
'you\'re in mi? what city?',1
'the kkk was spawned by the democratic party.',1
'lol',1
'are you kidding?  thats like asking rosie o\'donnell if she wants buns like gorilla gertie!',1
'really? and it\'s election year? i\'m sure they will rechannel their energies somewhere else... perhaps extreme couch time contest. i volunteer myself. he who can yawn the longest wins.',1
'wipe the cum off you chin.',0
'i-love-dog\'s&bless-t  ​ here-hearts-as-they-  ​ are-really-your-best  ​ -friend.i-have-a-dog  ​ -named-indy&he\'s-the  ​ -best&sweetest-littl  ​ e-guy.he\'s-my-consta  ​ nt-companion.my-husb  ​ and-died-last-year&m  ​ y-dog-has-stayed-by-  ​ my-side.all-my-so-ca  ​ lled-friend\'s-disapp  ​ eared-but-not-my-ind  ​ y.',0
'good post!',1
'never mind this idiot, can\'t even spell!',1
'what the idiot doesn\'t understand is that the rest of the world considers and list 92 octane is considered regular.  only in north america is 87 octane considered regular.  whoever wrote the article needs to do better research.',1
'i agree with you, although i don\'t think mitt is necessarily as inherently evil as ryan. yes, mitt is a chameleon that changes his colors often (he is fake), and is too easily influenced by others around him - as he surrounds himself with bigots and hypocrites, he is sure to take on that suit as well.  i don\'t understand how anyone can look at mitt and think he\'s a strong leader. no r qui st may be a traitor to americans and nasty little h@teful man - but a far as strength of personality and will, he towers over mitt. same with ryan. mitt will be ruled by his masters  - for sure.',1
'well, we all knew it was going to happen eventually.',1
'have you ever gotten a 5, 7 and 9 year old ready for school  with a 3 year running a fever on a rainy monday morning?  just getting them out the door fully clothed and into the minivan (with all the doors shut) is enough of a job.....i couldn\'t imagine doing all of that prep work and then loading them onto a bike,!!!!',1
'why does everything have to bring out the worst racists<    comments asserting he is a pedophile with no basis at all, just pure hate.    bigredcar said:    hey, ismail (ha!, i actually get to say that when its really the persons name) your an idiot. just get arms like that so you can hold little boys down?',1
'i am a former teacher.  sounds as if none of you have visited your children\'s school/class lately.   you should place that on your schedule just as you would a doctor\'s appointment.  some schools require appointments and some don\'t.  of course, you have to report to the office, but don\'t let that stop you from showing an interest in the place your child spends the bulk of his/her day.  most employers would grant you a couple of hours to visit your child\'s classroom.  why - because they have kids in school, too.',1
'there\'s hope for romney after all.',1
'wow, my best friend just murdered the guy that puts all the spam on here. stop it you fools.',1
'i think you are beautiful. please know you are loved and special. you are a strong woman i respect you so much.',1
'and all these hidden or lost hoards of gold are worth a fortune. and if gold jewelry is involved this amount skyrockets.  i am assuming that these hoards were left behind by (dead) people that no longer needed the gold.',1
'floating     you are pretty close to my viewpoint.  i am a christian, i have my own belief system, but i am responsible for that belief system. if god forbid myself or one of my children, or my grandchildren were raped they would need to make the decision.  the  hardest thing to do is to live with the decision you have made.and answer when being judged by your god.  i am not advocating for the abolishment of abortion. that person does what they need to do based upon their individual circumstance. but on the other hand do we federally subsidize it,  for the right?  why can\'t a person assume individual responsibility for their own circumstances, however if assistance is needed it should be available',1
'filled with a mormon idiot??',1
'talk, talk, talk.you really ought to put up a picture of the royal boobs.      if you writers at msn had any ****ou would get some shots of her snapper too!',1
'chickens can bite. lambs and goats have known to bite children at petting zoos. thousands of monkeys and gorillas play with kids all the time. dogs are known to bite. parrots are known to bite. bears certainly can bite and maul, but, we stil sometimes become friends and pat them.  i don\'t see anything different here than anyone with a dog in their housees with children around.  if we all lived in fear of everything that can ever happen to us, there would be iam food company anymore, along with all the other alpos and kittybits companies.  to that parent, the gorillas were probably like people having dogs around, or other petting zoos.  hundreds of thousands, even millions, animals are all within reach of us everyday. to avoid them because of one isolated incident wouldn\'t do us, nor the animals, any justice.    ',1
'i think it\'s a real good opportunity to keep minding my business.     (and nope. i don\'t smoke. i just am not feeling the nanny state.)',1
'what are civil rights? its illegal to ban blacks & minorities, y not gays r they not a minority? gay people are better than blacks yet we have to pander to all the blacks who are racist & don\'t deserve to be treated better than whites when they act like criminals',1
'make money today without having to spend a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'sure why not? it is assumed that prehistoric man may have contributed to the mammoths demise.   if we can bring these beasts back, why not all the other creatures that man have killed off?   we have been responcible for killing off many species. love to see us right some wrongs.',1
'sometimes i think our children are just bargaining chips, in a battle for better pay and benefits than the public sector gets.',1
'just read thru all the comments, and mostly they were negative...also mostly written by peopel who had never ever seen the show......all the critisim... no first hand knowledege... most of your comentators belong in washington.... that where the really useless go......those who can, do (and on js they have been doing!) , those who can\'t do teach....those who can\'t teach become social workers... those who can\'t even work for the government, become it!',1
'so, for those people that own pet pigs, chickens etc etc, when it dies is it ok to eat it?  would you?  i have always wondered about this and figured i would ask about it here.  anyone?',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'no, cameras are not dying a slow death. what alot of people don\'t realize is every time you allow legislation to crack down of the flavor of the day, (yes small government, ha, ha), you allow us less freedom. this all started back in the sixties because too many hippies were getting away with smoking dope and what not. well everything turned out just fine. we now live in a police state and the tea party is screaming foul when their very actions and similar before them helped create the mess we are in today. you can\'t have it both ways. smaller government isn\'t something new. but now that the right wing hippocrats are trying to adopt it for thier own agenda they want you to think so. don\'t believe it. if it doesn\'t apply to their religion, guns,abortion or taxes they would just as soon enact as many laws as they can to achieve their own agenda. global warming is a myth created by none other than al gore!',1
'like bill said, mitt is promising to do something that no one is threatening to undo. mitt is just an idiot and a scumbag.       has anyone read the new issue of "rolling stone"? it covers the evil of mitt pretty well......',1
'thank gawd!',1
'you swollen hole freaks really give me a laugh with your little thumbs down..lawd you homo\'s are feisty!.............  ​ ...................lmfao',1
'i am an old long-time scrooge my grandmother taught me well and we budget $8 per day for groceries for 2 people on our fixed income (that includes paper goods and cleaning products) and we eat quite well. some things i learned: when you buy on a close-out or clearance be sure to carefully watch the dates, stores often reduce things that are very close to the end of their shelf life. large bags of fruits etc not always a good deal, if you can\'t see what you are getting quite often i find that there is a lot of waste, when you start tossing it out there goes your savings. same for bakery items, don\'t buy more than you can use quickly unless you can freeze it. be sure you have time after shopping to rewrap and package things for the freezer before they go bad. always carry a calculator and know how to do the math.  take inventory of your pantry before you shop and have a menu plan. there ain\'t no free lunch anywhere, teach your kids when they are young as those habits will serve them well when the day comes they have to foot their own grocery bills.',1
'daddy fact is nigg--s hate the truth, they might have to go to work. quit the wine, quit blaming whirie for all their own lazyness.',1
'wal-mart is a private business and can dictate whatever they want on their property, get over it.',1
'got roids ?',1
'your a dick. im a mother of 3 and never ask for **** from my husband. i dont care if we have a nice things as long as we\'re happy as a family. i don\'t run my kids all over the place unless its to school or doctors check up and i may go to the mall once a year only because i got a gift card for christmas or birthday. so before you start going off on women mabe you should think alittle more because not all women are stuck up money hongry like you seem to think we are and theyre are also alot of women out there that take care of there bodys or theyre just born luck like i was were i can eat and drink whatever i want whenever i want and don\'t have to worry about putting on weight. your just pissed because you cant find a girl that will put up with you bs',1
'all soaps are antibacterial, the ones labelled that way are just for increased sales. the antibacterial varieties have been proven to be no more effective than regular soap.',1
'vote obama out or this will be everywhere. believe it.',1
'every body wants to run this man down but he is standing up for what is right amen.',1
'bet he can\'t pick his nose',1
'if your white and don\'t like the prez your a racist, if your straight and dont like the queers your a bigot........how about this keep your queer **** away from me and my normal family or i will use my right to bear arms and blow your gay head off your twisted neck. queers add to the degradation of america. the only reason you sickos are walking around is because murder is illegal.',0
'are you single? my name is blair and i created ~~~~~richbachelor~~~  ​ ~~(bing it); my site is completely free and we generate about 800,000 relationships a year. most of our users are wealthy single professionals who want to meet someone. but don\'t take our word for it. go to test and verify , you\'ll believe.',0
'on a more calmly note, the politicians really shouldn\'t bite the hand that feeds them. america is great because of its founding principles. when you start to take that away, you won\'t have a country anymore to feed you. get what i\'m saying?? keep this country as a great country that we had become. and that\'s because of our founding fathers\' great insights... don\'t take them away or the politicians will become another third word country yes-no-sir-maam mouthpieces. that what you aspire to be?  i\'d rather be a bricklayer to make homes for people to live in than empty brains that doesn\'t know any longer what they once believed in.',1
'yes, many people die every day from dui/dwi accidents on our roads every day! in this case, the only good point is that they (since the driver and passengers had the option to not be in the vehicle) didn\'t endanger any more by luck.     dui/dwi incidents will claim more innocent lives than all the intentional murders by a hundred-fold per year, per month, per day, per second. yes, for all of you that think guns kill more people, or knives, or (whatever), if you want to tag an item to a number of deaths, then it should be the motor vehicle.     yes, we need to use transportation for our ability to get around, so they say.  so, if that is the case, what did people do before the invention of the motor vehicle?  is it really as necessary as it needs to be?  or is this a conspiracy to keep us buying something we really don\'t need? ',1
'you know what really f*ucking annoy\'s me as a woman...double standards. example: when some muslim women come to the us they wear the head scarf\'s or burka\'s, now help me out here folks, well that bothers me because when we go over to there country we are supposed to dress like they do, and cover up and be respectful of there modesty and belief\'s right? no problem. but when there women come over here then i expect them to <not< wear the head wear because i feel american women have fought long and hard to have equal status with men. american women are proud to show there hair and not cover up. because men are supposed to be able to control themselves around us and act mature and respectful. unlike in there countries. where if a woman goes outside with a man that is not in her immediate family   it is looked down upon or she is cheating. >>>that is called control<<< period!!!   we(women) have fought long and hard for freedom and when i see burkas over here, to me it is as insulting as a women going over there and walking main street in a bikini. no difference! if you don\'t want me walking in a bikini take off you',1
'wtf every queer east of the mountians lives in that cess pool let those abnormal sikos live there dont drive them out. then i will have to use one of my rights....the right to  arms. then you would have a bunch of dead queers.',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'lol, what a gay instrument',1
'below the chris brown album, there should be another sticker on the unnamed album that should read "warning: do not buy this album" that is all :d',1
'now these two should get married, .. and divorced, and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced and married ... and divorced .....',1
'psychedout the va hospital  in lebanon pa. is widening the roads. they say it is for the new financial department. i can not see that many new jobs that they have to widen the roads.',1
'hahaaa!!! well said! i\'m with you on that one!!! and anyone that ever voted for her deserves to suck "disharge"!!!',1
'and',0
'are we surprised that these sexual perverts wold keep pushing the envelope? throw all of them in prison camps and if they want to be nude, good for them.',1
'iphone5 sold out first day.  you cant go wrong going contrarian to mr. jubak.  i never did.  i only went wrong following his advice',1
'all i can say is a big ewwwww',1
'i just have to wonder if the casting director used the agency from south central la that actually uses real convicts. they specialize in providing the baddest looking tattooed thugs available. the agency was started as a means to help convicts find jobs in acting instead of going back into crime. she was probably dealing with a bunch of thugs with real experience in prison and didn\'t even realize it.  the studio should\'ve provided her with security. they were leaving themselves wide open to a hostile workplace sexual harassment lawsuit.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'who are you calling a catholic?',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'someone...  that was excellent !!!',1
'san fran is its own fantasy island. they lead the world in taking it in the a$$ so go figure... "f" ing weirdos!',1
'no adult taught me or anyone i knew anything about sex.  we learned from each other.  probably had a whole lot more fun and have a whole lot healthier relationships now because of it.   i feel sorry for those poor kids whose parents thnk that \'teaching them about sex\' is going to have a positive effect.  poor kids.  scared for life by their crazy @ss over-parenting mental patient moms and dads.',1
'this story is so bizarre on multiple levels.  im telling you and im telling you now,,,get right with god  this fools paradise we call civilization is exponentially deteriorating,  not little by little,but more like a dam ready to burst',1
'yes,,,some don\'t have to try to be sweet, but are so by the virtue of their wonderful heart...i\'m loving what i\'m reading on "most" of the posts written about lizzie this evening, they warm my heart :)     it\'s great to see you too, i\'m doing very well thank you!!  how are you?',1
'well i should sincerely hope that her nipples are better than lindsay lohan\'s!',1
'december 21st is still coming so don\'t worry lol',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​.... . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'hendrix',1
'there is nothing in any movie to justify kill, this is just an excuse for the violence and everyone that thinks knows it.  anyone that thinks it was the movie lives in a fantasy world.  there is a thing a call reasonability which muslim do not seem to have., they hate american because they they have been told to.  i do not think that will change until the leader of the muslim  religion have changed.  when hate is a way of life there is no change, i say let them kill them selves.',1
'oh what\' sthis now??they\'re buring obama in effigee in egypt??? heheh but didn\'t he brag how great he\'s gonna be as president to bridge the gap between americans and filthy muslims?? we give them billions of taxpayers money that we need here in america, we\'re disrespected and laughed \'round the world due to this obama bastard!! hey libs only you idiots could be this wrong about everything!!! they\'re screaming there\'s more osamas\' obama, death to america and of course israel, way to go barack! your a gdamn walking talking fckn armageddon!!!! the american ambasador sodomized missing for 12hrs tortured all because you blithering idiot libs think you can "kumbaya" your way thru the world and apologize for this great nation you pigs!!! the only great thing about all this is, your total and complete obliteration in nov and beyond, as for those muslim animals on the warpath all i can do is simplify what they are, muslims are nothing more than the klingons of planet earth!! what\'s the matter you lib pigs, scorched your azzes with the truth did i?? my pleasure!!',1
'15 million dollar highway project just turned into a 30 million project thanks to a damn spider. the world would be a far better place if we got rid of all the damn bugs! give me a break!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'well, many times and never made a big deal of it and neither did anyone else and that was many years ago so what is the big deal now. if you just treat as normal it just becomes normal. ask the french. lighten up.',1
'yes, actions that preserve the family does mean no sex before marriage. some people think that sex before marriage is ok, as long as it isn\'t hurting anyone. how so very untrue, since you don\'t see the effects right away. rampant teenage promiscuity, unloved and unwanted babies aborted, or an attitude " that someone else will support me, i can qualify for welfare" , it\'s all for the sake of pleasure. the teachers are not responsible for teaching personal responsibility for one\'s actions, and yes there are consequences for sex before marriage. and i\'m glad all the perverted sexual behaviour is not taught in schools, if someone doesn\'t know if they are a man or a woman, why does everyone have to know about it? keep it to yourselves. it\'s like there is no shame anymore for doing what is abhorrent, and anything goes. the family is where you should learn self control and discipline.',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'classic lady,    now you change the subject and ask me if i\'m an atheist....    why would that matter?     i respect everyone\'s right to their religion, but i also expect to have the right to be free of anyone\'s religion...and like the constitution provides, i don\'t want it in my government......the gop of 2012 has brought religion to the states and now trying to bring it to the federal government.....',1
'queers add to the degradation of society. eliminate them all.',0
'for me is wasn\'t a movie it was her tv show. when she began to flaunt her lesboizm i swore i was never going to give my hard earned money towards anything she had a part of no matter how cute it might be. and she is not the only celebrity or business i feel this way about. phaggots all!!!',1
'classic lady, hate to break it to you but we have religious terrorist in the u.s...    comparing far right christian evangelicals extremist,     and muslim extremist...... there is not much difference......they  ​  both hate and they both kill and want to spread their disease.....and shove it down everyone\'s throat.... the group that kills, spread hate, yes are terrorist........the  ​  wacko\'s in the u.s. that kill abortion doctors and nurses, gays, yes are religious extremist and terrorist...... no difference.',1
'my wife and i were amateur competitive bobybuilders, and those arms are just wrong. the buldge on the back of the arm should be triceps, but that\'s a longer muscle. this looks more like damage, injury with a strange healing.',1
'you can hear cats squealing all over the place too....lol',1
'furberry! but cat in the hat is a close second.....',1
'whe don\'t like such things, especially when he carries a strange woman on his shoulder. we are muslim and like the strength but we see that carrying a strange women is quite bad and we all express revulsion at such bad things',1
'republicans fear sex because they are terrible at it.    insecurity in themselves.    there are surgeries that can remedy those insecurities, nowadays.',1
'its the signs of the times we live in the world hates god and his son the bible says vthey hated him meanning jesus without a cause.they love their sin and darkness more then truth and light',1
'well said tot! :)',1
'well deep frying everything and a very narrow mind about food. sure i can see that a fat a$$ is much more prevalent in the country. most of them only eat food that is beige, no colorful veg. or lower fat choices, only what they grew up on. i know i moved from new york to indianapolis and even there btw indy\'s. population is 1.7 million people, there eating habits were bland and fryed.everything else was looked upon as i don\'t like this and don\'t like that.......enough said.....rednecks...  ​ !',1
'give romney a break  if elected he will be the richest president ever in america , and no doubt in the history of the world . infact very few kings in history will ever be as rich as romney is , isnt that something we ought to be proud about . the problem is in some situations your enviroment can cut you off from the rest of society . is romney cut off , he believes that $200- 250,000 , constitutes middle-class . for a man worth $300 million , that  he has declared , that a fairly decent guess , if asked i would have thought that a income of $80,000 per annum and you are solidly middle-class . , but then i am accustomed to a two car family , romney bless his rich little heart , is more .  into a fleet of cars with esclators , to get fom the bottom rung to the top . i celebrate his sucess , naturally he thinks that when , a young needs a loan to start a business , he can turn to his parents . that does not happen in my social range ,. perhaps just perhaps we need a president , closer to the ordinary  american .',1
'make money without spending money. start today at www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'read the article, they just forgot to pay the bill, they aren\'t poor, and guess what, autism is the new add, every kid that acts up is now autistic because parents don;t want to admit their just bad parents and want to be able to blame something besides their own stupidity. get over your own self pity for once and move forward',1
'imagine dylan singing "meet the flintstones"  i guarantee you\'ll smile.',1
'i love to admit it...i have never watched any of the shows being dropped...except for the office,  once or twice...i tried to get into it, but, and coming from the viewpoint of a past and successful  business owner, it was totally unrealistic. i think, right off the bat, the show names were not appealing enough to interest me....',1
'greyfriars bobby in london was also recognized for his undying loyalty to his master doing just what this dog is doing.  dogs are indeed man\'s best animal friend and many of them are incredibly loyal to their master.  my wife "adopted" (the people that had her didn\'t want her because she would not breed with their dog) a small dog "ginger" a pomeranian/poodle mix that was intensely loyal to her.  when she had pups (i guess she was just particular about her choice of a mate) you could see that she was actually torn between spending time next to my wife or with the puppies.  she took good care of her pups but she let my wife know that she was still #1.   i could talk about out ginger\'s loyaly to my wife for hours, but her grave stone says it all.  "ginger loyal friend  1978 - 1996".',1
'bayou...i\'m not spewing anything, i\'m merely saying, maybe you shouldn\'t worry so much about what others think and do and more about yourself and you might find others will do the same for you!  have a great day!!!!',0
'the day they called madonna and britney "divas" is the day music died. now they all think they are divas. would rather watch a badger gnaw my foot off than sit through a second of watching any of these no talent judges pretending to know anything about music.',1
'another great one that has been one of the most entertaining on tv today. i will be sorry to see it go but its time has come. the evolution of cranston\'s role has as the humble mr. white to the dark character of heisenberg has been a most intriguing journey. i have turned several of my friends onto this series and not a one of them did not enjoy it. a few even subscribed to netflix just so they could watch the intire series to catch up and every monday it is a main topic of discussion. i hope the people at amc do this superior series justice for it\'s last season.',1
'who is this thumbs763 moron? he just comes here and spits out his hate. maybe he got molested when he was a kid or something???',1
'can\'t see the entire picture since it is mostly blocked out but i get the idea.  remember due to their obvious inbreeding muslims must have a very small brain.  they simply do not possess the ability to think clearly.  most religious people recognize that their religion is strictly a quirk of birth.  you typically are whatever failth your parents were.  and there is nothing wrong with this.  what is needed is a mandated education of all muslim clerics teaching them that their faith is one of many and all are just as valid as the rest.  the test of any religion is that it never teaches that any harm be done to people of other religions.  the muslims can\'t do that because they are an ignorant lot and must be retrained or eliminated from civilized society.  if obama had any balls, which he doesn\'t, he would send all students and business people in the us from any country rioting against the us back to their native country immediately.  eventually the ignorant ones will learn that if a member of your family is leaning toward becoming a terrorist you must reeducate them.  this is self cleansing and will eventually eliminate the trash from your society.  let their students go back home a',1
'pro-abstainers, try this challenge..    can you abstain from any/all sex for 1 full consecutive calender year?    let\'s see you abstain. if so, then perhaps i\'ll at least listen to your crazed concerns about other people having sex.',1
'hi homo\'s having fun screwing each other in the a$$? how\'s that sh!t taste you lick off each others dick? that\'s right i puke when i see you homo\'s and so does everyone else, or they just vomit in their mouths. it\'s the fake christians that is your salvation pedophiles, they are the ones that cultivate your illness and disease. your comments only prove how right i am, and how stupid you are. stay in the closet, it\'s for your own good....lmfao',1
'seems like people just don\'t get it.. the muslims want to be pissed off, they want to riot. they want to kill everyone on the planet who is not muslim.. they are looking for any reason that they can find.    it\'s time to take it to them, not give the muslim brotherhood ( the group responsible for the riots)  the 1.2 billion that our muslim  anti- american president just promised them.    a vote for obama is a vote against america.  so lets first get rid of him, and then start working on ridding this country of anti-american muslims. i.e.  louis farrakhan nation of islam.',1
'loser!!',1
'how do you afford such great drugs?',1
'thank you, floating.  apologies for interfering,  but some things need repetition in order to  reinforce them.',1
'great show! victorious is ending as well.  those shows will be missed.     -90s kid',1
'if romney gets in, were dead meat for the buzzards. if obama gets back in were the next africa or china. its a no win problem, so grab your **** and find a way to just take care of your selves.',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'i am concerned that america will vote incorrectly but praying everyday that we make the best choice for america.  it will not go well for us if we vote for obama again.    vote for mitt romney - he will do a better job than we could ever imagine .',1
'bring back harry\'s law',1
'take a look at his forearms in comparison to his biceps , ....nothing in the way of defined forearm which you would think would have some shape and form to them after working his biceps likes this , ....i\'m suspicious of this based on this observation !',1
'amen brother......thank god',1
'japanese cars suck and so do their owners. buy american.',1
'i agree but unfortunately god gave some people a big mouth that spews stupid things.  like the two times this week i accidently insulted my mother.  i\'m waiting for that to come back and bite me.  and no matter how hard i try, i still have a tendency to say stupid things.  it\'s a curse...     now let the negatives come on!!!  lol',1
'bluescar    i agree with your statement but there is little glitch in there.     moderate democrats and republicans?  i would give some of my worth  to see that.  the centrist are definitely outnumbered by those leaning hard left, and hard right.  if jfk  were alive today, he would be considered a moderate republican. the scales have changed.  we need to come to a conclusion both democrat and republican to solve all problems and not demagogue, demonize  or  lie  about someone who has an opposite political view.',1
'get real!!!  do we really want the same old president that we have had? the same one that hasn\'t shown us americans how to be a president?  all he is is a baby killer that enjoys abortion and taking vacations.  vote for someone that will fight for our taxes if you look :romney said to stephanopoulos:           "is $100,000 middle income?" stephanopoulos asked.       "no, middle income is $200,000 to $250,000 and less," romney responded.                                and less is the key word.  so get real!!   he said less so anyone who makes less then $250,000!!',1
'because profits no longer require human beings to make them, only slaves and robots. which are you?',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'buy face book stock i have 500 shares. i can let you have them  for the special price of $69.00 a share don’t worry to look what their really worth just truss me',1
'bettcha this would never happen in bejing !',1
'anyone that wants to be nude in public, mostly gay.  you think about it.  attention  seeking.  why else in publi?????????',1
'i think he\'s going to win as well, but not so easily...i think it\'ll be a close call',1
'hellooooooo :)  you\'re so sweet, cowboy!    i\'m so sorry for the pain she\'s endured, people can be so cruel and hurtful!!  i admire her for her strength...i hope she can be an inspiration to everyone who hides away in shame...she\'s such a courageous young lady and she has such a sweet voice  :)',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'this has nothing to do with the movie in november. this was a real life situation between the two of them and if this is how it is ending up, who are we (public) to judge? it doesn\'t matter what we think.',1
'david,u ignorant slut,maybe u don`t know this,but back in the days,the cover of records of balck performers,were pictures of good old white american sweethearts,they not even printed the names and credits,for the songs,now go and git inur pickup,get a six pack maybe u get lucky and f,ck ur sister',1
'i\'d like to pump jessica in her aspen colorado.',1
'if obama is re-elected, you won\'t be living free much longer.',1
'never watched \'30 rock\', but love alec baldwin! he is a tremendous talent and will do well in any direction he takes if he can control that temper!',1
'it is time to kick the speculators out of wall street, and it is time that oil was noton wall street, oil prices per barrel shouldnot be more than $75.00 a barrel, but since romney and ryan have made it a point that we need to make the speculators  like them 9crooks0. i am tired of wall street cheating and lying about the price of oil, is it because they all live to ruin every middle and lower class person in the usa, or is it romney\'s greed that makes wall street like romney so tehy can beat us with whips and big sticks, wall steet is just like romney and 99% of wall street is republicans, simply put it is time to get a bunch of idiots like romney and ryan! go ahead wall street and make oil so high that the middle, and lower class will just stay home ,why work for nothing, and then the oil prices will fall.  last but not least, get the oil off of wallstreet, and anyone found cheating should be deported to iran!',1
'why would anyone want this and what drugs did he take you cant buy and wear a suit but i guess if you were from his country you would not worry all they wear are bed sheet anyway',1
'that is about one of the most uneducated responses that i have ever heard.... who am i kidding; this is the internet after all.',1
'i\'d put 100 bucks on it that she has a jig for that......like a lil\' two foot cigar holder she holds in her mouth.....',1
'agreed vyper.',1
'we don\'t need no stinkin\' spelcheck......',1
'if you go to brazil just look for a spider with an erection. that will be the spider you are looking for. lol',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'i guess no ones getting their head chopped off in the middle east melt down or burned at the stake or shot with anti aircraft machine guns to report on and they give us this no news to talk about     wtf msn  i don\'t get it',0
'i was taught not to have sex or you\'d get pregnant and the boy would leave you high and dry (why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?).  so i was a bit behind some of my college peers...but i did have knowledge of my body and how it worked.  i just didn\'t know what sex was like, what powerful feelings it brings with it, and how confusing it can be.  that\'s what needs to be taught to kids today--the responsibility and emotional issues of intimacy and how to deal with them, not raw sex.     if i had a son or daughter today (and i never had kids), i would give them the basics of sex as a parent and a teacher, but i\'d also tell them how it can mess your life up if you\'re too casual about it, and how great it can be if you\'re serious.  i wish someone had told me....',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'to ashley i am so sorry for everything that is happening to you. i can\'t imagine what it would be like to not only loose one child but both. your losses are so great. i would love to help you in any way i can. if you ever consider having a surrogate to have another child. i would volunteer in a heart beat. you are a brave woman and deserve to have something good happen to you after all you have been threw.',1
'nope they go down the drain faster.....',1
'how? by telling you to leave us alone and stop trying to force your beliefs on us? when is the last time an atheist knocked on your door and started preaching logic at you? when is the last time a group of atheists tried to use public money to erect a statue to empiricism and reason? when is the last time an atheist group was caught molesting children? sorry -that\'s always "believers."     telling religious zealots to leave me alone is not forcing anything on you. it is telling you to stop trying to force things on me. take your fairy tales and superstitions and enjoy yourselves - just leave me and my tax money alone. and please stop whining that my rejection of your religious ignorance and dogmatism is an "attack" on you.',1
'not really impressed at all , guiness should look into this because , by the look of things he is injecting synthroid directly into the bicep which just blows it up like a balloon , more impressed with bodybuilders who are proportional and use steroids although thats a cop out too..... so really he does nt have the largest biceps preety much its all fake......',1
'making eighty grand a year is a mighty big "if" when the nation\'s average income is variously considered to be between 35 and 45 thou.',1
'i don\'t think the kardasikows know how to drive,  there expertise is to be stupid and try to be somebody.    famous for doing nothing,   oh ya, kim did try to sing and do a video.  it was a total flop.    i guess  never learning to sing must have been why.    she does have a fake butt.    i am quite sure she did know those boys , probably pawteed with them.',1
'obama/biden "vulture socialists" picking the working class clean of every dollar they ever worked for!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'he pumps gas because thats the heaviest thing he can lift a gas nossle',1
'laurel, glad you know all the details,lol, your view is the way it is?? lol. don\'t forget to flush before you leave your office.',1
'spare those of us who do not make it our practice to heathen breed aka manufacture babies...nor our dna--we have to pay for her and others like here?  ps wheres the sperm donor that she has to do it all?  shame on her ...and it..',1
'oh hey chirpy...! wanna come over and get beat half to death? yaaa. how you doooin...?  and where have you beeeen?',1
'only a matter of time till the liberals and the a.c.l.u. get ahold of this and make a law saying you can\'t do  it. way to go mom. teach these kids that a little work will carry you a long way in life.',1
'miss. lizzie velasquez, you are awesome, beautiful and strong, through and through!        you are truly an inspiration! go get \'em girl!          if you are ever near michigan, i would be honored to take you to dinner. :)        be beautiful, be you.',1
'maybe if you would have fed him a better diet he would have lived longer.  chocolate is poison and the owner is an idiot.  having owned,bred, raised and groomed parrots for over 25 years i can tell you that these birds have the capability to live upwards to 100 years old if taken care of properly.  being as old as the owner is lets just hope that she doesn\'t get another endangered animal.',1
'export these spiders to the middle east and then we can bring all of our military home for good!',1
'do dreams count?',1
'i am agree with you,  she was from alternative rock to  **** and she was a living copy of  alanis morrisette and dolores the singer of cranberries but as many latinos don\'t know them  she was a boom in the beginning her crossover was more commercial than art',1
'yuno darned good n\' well that they wuzz all transported (beam\' um down "scotty") bakk frum whence they "came". >>> i. e. bakk to affeeganistan, pakkieestahn, iraqq, egyppt, libbieeah, irran, kookaahmanga, soomaahlieeeah, wes n\' ees afreeeakaah, etc.',1
'laurel, glad you know all the details,lol, your view is the way it is?? lol. don\'t forget to flush before you leave your office.',1
'kevin brown -your an idiot and if your that worried which sounds to me like exreme paranoia. there is counseling for that and if worst comes to worst maybe  you should just jump off a bridge! your probably one of the worst kind of extremist there is today. one of those people that would run into a shopping center or movie theater and take everyone with you because you now better for the people.... go get a life! or lose it!!.......loser',1
'and then --- the libertarians would gain ground.',1
'any professional working in any professional environment ought to know just one thing. it\'s not what you do, but how you do what you do. do your job when on the job. everything else is bs.',1
'cowboy, it was teddy.....i googled it........ha :)    ...yes, obama is failing our country miserably in the foreign policy realm...no surprise there!!     .....ahhh, but you can see my smile in my photo...??  :)',1
'they\'ve been running the same playbook for 30 years - whip their stupid "base" into an emotional frenzy over meaningless crap. fortunately, their base is comprised of moronic people who fall for it every time.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'they would but they don\'t want it fair, they just want it their way like spoiled little children.',1
'not amazing to see the stickers , amusing. they will probably boost sales. wouldn\'t be surprised if it was all a set up for publicity. as for beating women , nope. as for going back to a beater , stupid. they do not get better.a "good woman" is never going to be able to fix a beater. the same holds true in any relationship.spouse beaters are just that. no one can fix them , they have to fix themselves. i had a beater, one time. that was it , i got hurt pretty badly. my crime ? i asked him why he gave me an std. phttt , gone. the next guy who lost it and tried got out before i could get to my gun. people don\'t try to fix them , get out fast and don\'t look back. that kind of love kills. i am worth something and will not be abused.',1
'no, it said they were expelled when found out. what part of that do you not understand?',1
'this is bullsh*t!!!!!!  what an outrage!!!!  i have had it with this disrespectful crap!!!! i...i......no, wait i\'m cool.  this is funny stuff.  almost as good as a child f*cking muslim prophet.',1
'no way in hell....bunch of bs!!!',1
'seems like most have to resort to juicing ( steroids) to achieve a certain body type or muscle type. does it take this to get in a record book? risking ones health just to get in a record book.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'this crap is funny. no one ever said they were going to remove god from american currency. republicans are again trying to decieve americans by making people concentrate on something so stupid.',1
'he has reverse popeye arms.',1
'the guys last name is weiner.',1
'i will miss "breaking bad". it is the best show that has ever been on "regular" tv!  weeds has also been one of the funniest shows ever. hard to top either one of these amazing shows!',1
'hey guys what happened to forgiveness  can\'t we all just forgive each other and   get along...    and have hard core sex with each other as wel...',1
'wow, i bet he is glad he spent 4 years getting his baroque music history degree.       talented but has to beg for a living.       maybe if he sat in a wheel chair with a rainbow sticker on it and an aids ribbon?',1
'looks like san fran could use another earthquake to rid the city of the gay perverts. i just read what some poster wrote about a mexico city that has been turned over to gays. liberal perversions will ruin a place. one perversion leads to another. it is very sad for humanity, vlean up your act san fran',1
'she looks more and more like jimmy carter every day.',1
'check...check. is this thing on? okay...who gives a ****? rt in nashville is right. in tennessee they don\'t need a reason to beat their wives but if you need one it\'s probably because you caught her in bed with her brother...who is also your brother. auh0ttie...who has that kind of time? i mean really, people are too busy bringing up **** that happened years ago that we didn\'t care about when it happened. honestdudemod.......  ​ .....wait, that\'s really your screen name...hmm...anyway you say bravo to countries like there was some sort of parliament action taking place here when it\'s obviously a group of women that don\'t get laid going around sticking stickers on **** in anger. we\'ve got angry women like that here in the us but they\'re all too busy praising oprah and testing their bisexuality on craigslist.     exhale    ',1
'happy family!!!    maybe she met her husband on r_i_c_h_h_o_o_k_u_p*  ​   c_o_m',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!',0
'right now the choices are pretty lousy on every side.    you can stick around and have your job out-sourced or in-sourced and not be able to get another job, ever. forget getting re-educated when every job is been sent over-seas and the professionals are being replaced by foreign nationals here at "home."    in a society where you either work or you starve good luck with permanent unemployment.     the other choice is complete collapse. the whole thing -- the economy, laws, grocery stores, electricity, society, all of it -- gone. and with 350-million people competing for wood to heat their homes. all forests would be gone in the fir',1
'tiwit    did i miss something    are you attempting to compare christian fundamentalist to muslim terrorist',1
'the new show revolution looks promising',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'yeah damn filthy eurotrash and their damn filthy diseases',1
'more illiterate rambling from the high-school dropout........hey, idiot - why don\'t you repost some more of your idiotic nonsense from earlier? i need a laugh.....btw - what is a "coldperson?" is that a new word you learned at sarah palin university?',1
'ev?',1
'he seems to be overcompensating for the smallness of his other \'limb\'',1
'it\'s not even slightly inappropriate. it\'s just kids dressing up and having fun....no different than the toga parties people used to have. lighten up',1
'i hate all the racist organizations.  the kkk, the naacp, the united negro college fund, etc.      filthy, racist bitches!',1
'not that their personal lives change the price of grits or anything; but what happened wasn\'t deeper than poor choosing.    when we choose that poorly why do we want a cookie and a chat with dr. phil, or tea and sympathy?    i don\'t get that part.    just stop screwing up.    how complicated is it?',1
'no they are priests!',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with an older successful millionaire .they met via  ~ ​​​ś_é_é_k_i_n_g_ŕ_i  ​ ​​_c_h _ĉ_⊙_㎡~~ it\'s where for meeting older successful men & classy mature women, who are searching for their special someone.if  you are a mature woman and  wanna marry this kind of older successful guy .it\'s worth a try.               ',0
'that\'s a slit hole. they don\'t have toilets.',1
'i hope what ever they decide people will respect their privacy.  i also feel rob could do so much better because she is a spoiled child but i\'m also hoping that this has forced her to grow up a bit.  either way i do believe they love each other and that they can work things out between them.  love is hard to get right at any age and they are both young and inexperienced so they are going to make mistakes now and in the future.  hopefully any future mistakes wont be another betrayel that not only destroys trust between the two of them but can hurt others as well as it has with the married couple in this whole scenario and their two small children.  i do wish rob and kristen much happiness and to kristen hold on to him tight and never do anything again to make him loose trust in you or in your love for him.',1
'how many pairs of blue jean overalls do you own?',1
'vote out incumbents that can\'t add.  those that can, make them work for us and not big corporations.',1
'i have a lot of guns and plenty of ammo.  i just want to put that out there before we get into a contagion, the stand scenario.  forewarned is fair warned.',1
'one word: synthol   synthol is a substance invented by a german bodybuilder/inventor  ​ .  all synthol is a simple blend of c8-c12 fatty acids (medium chain triglycerides) mixed with small amounts of lidocaine, and benzyl alcohol.  this substance is then injected deep in the belly of the muscle.  after injecting the substance inside the belly of the muscle, the human body has a very difficult time getting rid of  the oily substance (synthol).  this gives the illusion of a larger muscle.     needles to say that this is extremely dangerous.  injecting this substance in the human body can cause irreparable damage including loss of function of the limb or even amputation.  guinness book of world records should be more responsible and not list him in their book.  he most certainly is not a bodybuilder.  his just a fool!',1
'werrhl444',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'about time to stop this gay crap...good for you, principal',1
'if the dumb **** takes her back; he deserves whatever the slut does to him in the future.',1
'not in the us,    i\'ve been in other european countries and it is no big deal,   the us is too uptight ,i don\'t see any big deal with it,   i was raised not to freak out over nudity still don\'t.',1
'something justin bieber would`ve loved from his boyfriend',1
'christ almighty.',1
'that was a situation where the book was so good, and the movie was so, so bad.',1
'all-that that\'s an understatement!  lol....me too digby i was very small but my father was in business and he wore a suit and tie every day. the 50\'s were pretty good times for most people. as i remember it the only people who didn\'t work didn\'t want to..the bums..lol..',1
'thank you mr cars...we did watch that movie last year and found it to be quite informative.      i would like to add. people claim there is no longer need for unions, especially in regards to labor.   i say, more than ever, we need to band together and form voter\'s unions in order to disseminate information,  watchdog candidates and review performances once in office, then send mandates to them for action...or else, we move together to pull the rug out from under them.  they rely on our truncated  memories,  poor intellectual skills and raw emotion to sway us into wrong choices  over and over.  this must end !     once the people transcend the left-right schisms which the powers-that-be and their governmental lackeys maintain in or',1
'these are not all extremist muslims. most live lives that are the same as almost a quarter of all americans living right here in the united states -- unemployed, not trained for any kind of meaningful employment, no reason to get trained for a job that will be out-sourced or in-sourced as soon as they get it, no hope for a good education, no hope for any kind of future, living in a world that hates them. so what would you do in their shoes? if it were me, i would hope that i would go down fighting. america and the western world has done this to themselves.',1
'that\'s where you\'re dead wrong. you just assume everyone thinks the way you do, it\'s a form of egomania. when you\'re shallow and lack empathy, you can\'t get beyond yourself and your limited superficial way of thinking, and you childishly assume everyone else is the same way.',1
'ever get hit with a strand of rosary beads? i am not catholic now but once was. you write sensationally, not sensibly.',1
'you did not address a single issue i raised. live and let live? that\'s all i\'m asking you to do. you are the agressors. not us. i don\'t knock at your door and start spewing gibberish. i don\'t try to use your tax money to promote my philosophy. all i am asking is for you to do the same, and to stop crying that you are being "attacked" every time i tell you to leave me alone. the only ones "hostile" here are you and your kind.',1
'popeye',1
'do you ever stop crying little loser???  jesus is a bitch and so are you!!',1
'lof m...dropped a couple lowes today and a couple csx railroad...     probably going for more home d. better divs, statoil (same) and more goldminer.     it was a fantastic week...',1
'or maybe they are poking fun at dems. in which case they mean "left wing" not right!',1
'stop your crying...boo hoo...how much $$$$$$ did u get for that flick???  more than u deserved',1
'looks like he tried for 2 records the biggest biceps and the smallest forearms',1
'ironically, you\'ll notice this story is on msn now, not the news section of msn.  i\'m not sure i\'d call it a serious concern until it starts to be discussed in proper news channels.',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'the bottom line is...    there are those that hold [them] to a higher standard and possibly and once-upon-a-time, rightfully so.    now, it proves that [they] are no more worthy of a higher standard than the convoluted and present family residing at 1600 pennsylvania avenue nw in dc! in both examples, both can go "eff" themselves!    "royal" and "first family" my ****...',1
'personally, i am not going to and i invite all others to not vote for romney. i want leroy to get 4 more yrs. so i can still hear him in 2015 saying, it\'s all bushs\' fault. i have no guilt here. the massive and crushing debt and extremely high unemployment{remembe  ​ r 2015} it\'s all bush\'s fault. his pathetic showing should put the dumbocruds back to the stone age.    as he flops around on the floor screaming and crying"i can\'t fix it. i don\'t know what to do".very sad, but worth a watch.   make sure to vote in ol\'leroy, again. this will be worth it. watch and see.',1
'please kids don\'t mention god. not in this liberalized nation of ours. now if you had on your rainbow colored clothes and sang patty cake, patty cake, you would be fine.',1
'i like the travel and food of bourdain, but make no mistake , he is an american hating, lefty puke. it is just natural he end up at cnn.',1
'x soldier thanks for proving your own fortune cookie philosophy. you must be new or stupid or both if my position hasn\'t been clear. btw letting queers like you in the military was a mistake. stay wherever you are, us fag hating red necks don\'t want you here.',1
'rj the only person screaming was your mother when i had sex with her..she was screaming how much better i was in bed than you are...you have a little crap on your chin there little man ..get u never to lick it off for you...',1
'i get a negative because i\'m glad someone was nice to me?  wtf?  there is seriously something wrong with the internet...',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                   ',0
'why would that even matter?     i respect everyone\'s right to their religion, but i also expect to have the right to be free of anyone\'s religion...',1
'its not hard people  guys.... go to walgreens buy some condoms that fit! note - do not get  mags when you dont need them... next unpack condom - roll condom on penis - have girl spread legs - put penis into hole... yayyyyy you just bagged your first hoochie!! - 2012',1
'and we didn\'t know the three stooges had a little bit of action on the side. must of been one of the date the fugliest woman contest...     this gal is about as useless as tits on a boar hog, oh wait a boar hog is better looking.',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'really,  with all that\'s going on in world - our crazy christians are upset over dr. pepper ???? come on, get a sense of humor could they possibly think  jesus would be insulted at this !?  maybe if we all just acted more christlike towards people that think differently and stopped getting upset over everything it might be a calmer world to live in.',1
'hey, ismail (ha!, i actually get to say that when its really the persons name) your an idiot. just get arms like that so you can hold little boys down?',1
'record companies have always been crooked. artists have always had to fight for their pay and idiot republicans like romney are right there to steal the shirts off their backs. jt should sue for double that amount for the big hastle their putting him through, and romney should just stfu about all things outside utah, as he has no idea what he\'s saying.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with an older successful millionaire .they met via  ~ ​​​ś_é_é_k_i_n_g_ŕ_i  ​ ​​_c_h _ĉ_⊙_㎡~~ it\'s where for meeting older successful men & classy mature women, who are searching for their special someone.if  you are a mature woman and  wanna marry this kind of older successful guy .it\'s worth a try.               ',0
'are you kidding me? the robots will be the only ones with jobs when all this is over.',1
'now thats funny...i just wished they all really looked that way',1
'tase first, ask questions later! lol :)',1
'real appropriate riding attire.  real pointless story.',1
'ryan is just another one of those guys that will say whatever and bend words and use catch phrases and what ever it takes to try and trick people into voting for him.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'wow, are you serious, why should walmart do any thing.? what did walmart do so bad,but help the american people.and what are we teaching our kids? my kids are grown, so, i really dont give a dam. cause its all about , give me something for free.the kids should have been in school. just because they are kids, i dont want to have to listen to their singing.please ,give us a break.',1
'not tuff just normal. you see theres no grey matter in my head to discourse me from right and wrong. unlike every damn liberal tree hugger lets spend more money to make everyone happy anti american douche bag.',0
'a white guy working on a car.....lol',1
'hell no !  that is humiliation to them',1
'4love, i find it amazing that you have a republican friend. :-)',1
'name him yin-yang!  it is a term rooted in chinese philosophy which stands for "shadow and light" which describes his black and white appearance.',1
'dear god finally',1
'looks like an accident waiting to happen. the brakes certainly don\'t look like they could stop the rolling weight of the thing and its momentum let alone the standing still weight of 550 pounds. she rides it loaded up in the rain? no thanks. not for me or my family. not with the looney drivers out there.',1
'made in red china???',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'regardless of race this hispanic thug puppet cop just got poetic epic justice served up his corrupt azz...there\'s hope for america yet when we start to see more of this justice meted out to our thugs in uniforms.taxpayers in florida, kudos your money has finally been well spent in removing this dangerous driver and maniac thug cop off your streets..thugs rule.',1
'i found a hot place for you!   in hell, now fuque off and have a rotten day a$$hole!!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'free to make his own choices. after all, isn\'t this country about all free choice? kill our unborn, etc.... but no, it\'s only \'choice\', when one chooses to be weird and disgusting. if one \'chooses\' to disagree with abortion on demand or does not support gays, our freedom of \'choice\' is attacked, vehemently. i don\'t care if one chooses to be gay, and homosexuality is a choice. choose away!! but keep it out of   my backyard, just like i will keep my \'choices\' out of yours.',1
'i sleep naked but i\'m sure romney wears his "magic underwear".',1
'california---- land of fruit cakes and nuts!!!',1
'well they can add anything they want.so yes they can cut anything they want.and good for him.they all should be banned from schoolz and public employment .and not just fag\'s the lezi\'s to.and no he shouldn\'t be fired in fact charge on mr. principal.',1
'cm`on msn least u could do is show a nicer picture,that old fag gives nudity a bad name',1
'san franciso ****',1
'couldn\'t agree with you more. hate jersey shore, and hate the kardashians.',1
'is he crazy or what no he is a idiot what world is he from omg..',1
'thanks for that enlightening bicycle laws in china. i was wrecking my brain over how they do it over there! again, thanks!',1
'i was raised to always treat women that way..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'clueless',1
'classic lady,    i find it impossible to have a debate with you.....you never answer the question, you duck, weave, spin and  change the subject.  your responses..... too funny........',1
'whether or not a person is gay is not their choice!!!  people are born either straight or gay.  on the other hand public nudity is a choice and if you have a great body and no hang ups - go ahead and flaunt it!',1
'@all-that ok, what you’re talking about is called the cosmological argument, it doesn’t prove there is a god; it prevents anyone from proving or disproving the existence of a god. (you religious folks should learn about this; you could use it to your advantage in a debate.) yes, you can use scientific theories (like the big bang) to support your religious views, however, generally speaking, science is the enemy of superstition. if you want to effectively argue for your side, you should get your facts straight, or you’re not helping anyone, you’re just making yourself sound foolish and hateful- a disturbing combination.       in case you’re wondering, i am not an atheist like the original poster. i am what is referred to as an agnostic atheist, because a person can’t know if a god exists or doesn’t exist. anybody that claims to is lying to others, or others and themselves. so in reality, everyone has a “faith,” and are equally filled with emptiness, except those who accept the f',1
'hmmmm...two negatives...  is that for my beliefs about abortion and birth control or because i use social services?  here\'s something else to get me negatives.  i\'ve filed for disability twice and was denied.  oh i guess that means the govt was doing the right thing?       considering i can\'t even go see my favorite band anymore without having a panic attack because of the crowds and i can\'t work in any service jobs because i have wicked mood swings, i think i qualify for disability under the rules set up for social security.  now i work with my dad, delivering vehicles and i don\'t have to deal with people.  unfortunately it\'s just part time.  if i could work with the public, i would.  i admit that i\'m lazy, but i would like to be "normal" sometimes.      ',1
'well, mr jediknight,   you sound like a real badazz but many do while they\'re hiding behind that keyboard in mom\'s basement. most of us first attempt to be civil tongued for one simple reason. unless they\'re wearing a speedo you can never tell exactly who might be packing a 9mm glock  i don\'t wear a speedo  yoda is pretty smart much smarter than a jedi knight my 9mm light saber is equipped with a laser sight when you see the red dot on your forehead and  you know you ain\'t a muslim you\'ll forget slobberknocking and go hide in the bathroom, or suit up for a short ride in a long black limo either way it\'s always better to be polite at first anyway, then if it\'s neccessary get nasty i\' call my glock my mastercard because i never leave home without it. but rest assured i\'m always polite and very nice as long as it\'s easy but i don\'t do slobberknocking you can get hurt or dirty doing that, trust me i ain\'t gonna get hurt or dirty. thank you have a great evening and btw go phuk yerself.',1
'i think these camaras are a great idea. though the way they should be intended is when an accident happens, it should be used to see if the person at fault was wreckless. then that could be used to lessen the costs and cramming courts with accidents that could be viewed and deamed fault so the people that do get hurt get paid right away for the idiot who went through the light and or maybe give them jail time for going through the full red light.',1
'grammar check might help you... "i hope ed cameron or al bielek is listening." is listening??? "are listening" you moron.',1
'i don\'t think it\'s a practice that would be accepted in america.  no matter what age limit you set, it would be abused.  a mother would swear that her third grader was only three.  this leads to further abuse.  the thirty five year old in the bar parking lot would swear he was only three!!',1
'what we need is a president, not a t v personality.  when the president states to the world that "we are not a christian nation, i wonder what god thinks.  if he is re-elected don\'t blame me.',1
'i would eat her like a cookie!!!',1
'sorry i missed what are you folks talking about the new girl or something else..liz',1
'no',1
'oh and you think obama is a christian??? ha get real.',1
'just wait when obama taps the strategic oil reserves. oil will jump to $150 per barrel.',1
'i would also like to point out most these kids probably wasnt even alive, people need to stop using 9-11 to try and make there points more valid, 75 kids show up at wal-mart to sing about something yea im sure people shopping there will love that plus what happens when there done they just go home? im sure there gonna be let loose like a bunch of wild chimps',1
'you look forward to being maggot food?',1
'we cant boycott chinas good they pretty much own us',1
'but did she have nice boobies??',1
'come one cum all have public sex and bring the kiddies - you - f ing gay peverts !',1
'i never watched any of the shows listed.......maybe they will be replaced with something worth watching',1
'having some paper saying you own gold during a collapsed economy is about as usefull as a paper restraining order being used to stop a bullet. not worth a damn.',1
'that mom has to be healthier than any of us that drives a car.',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'30 rock does not appeal to people who cannot spell \'syndication\', lee.  you need a triple digit iq to find anything remotely funny about it because so much of the humor involves laughing at the intellectually and emotionally crippled among us - including myself.  you will find that you can get your head around abc\'s wipeout more easily.  even cadavers get that program\'s level of stimulation.',0
'it was in his monologue also mjk, maybe you should have a little base knowledge of what you are talking about bud, that seems to work for everybody else, maybe you should give it a shot...hahahahahaha    bayou you brain dead redneck, i can tell one thing for certain you are definitely not a lawyer or you wouldn\'t try the old, two wrongs makes a right, so obama did the right thing argument, because a statement that idiotic would never work in a court of law!',1
'it is not illegal to ban gays    who wrote this article?    thre is no such thing as "gay rights"    sexuality is a private matter not a public one.  keep your private matters private',1
'just act in movies clint...we dont care about your old grouchy ideas.   mitt romney is a scum bag and hates america....he only loves money.       obama/biden 2012',1
'don\'t flatter yourself martinez...',1
'idiot!',1
'another right wing idiot!',1
'and your opinion is you would hire a babysitter who just got out of jail for child molestation? according to you since he did his time and has already been punished he would make an acceptable babysitter. no matter what color you paint a turd it\'s still a piece of $hit.',1
'san francisco being mad about this is almost as funny as bill clinton representing the "party for women".  hey "wiener and skid mark" those are the same nicknames we use for the clintons in new york.',1
'he also did not mention the teachers strike. whats your point idiot?   sounds like you just want to cry like a little beatch.',1
'an honest, confident woman looks better than a druggie meth wh*re anyday. i would hardly say she was the world\'s "ugliest woman". good for her for making it work for her.',0
'who wants to go to walmart when u see a bunch of annoying kids singing off key good they made them leave',1
'78% of all sexually active people carry the hpv, human pappiloma virus. the virus that causes common warts, plantar(foot) warts, genital warts, cervical, ****, throat cancers.    hpv is an std that 78% of sexually active people carry.     that fact alone, is reason enough to require all public schools in all 50 states to teach sex ed or that state will lose all federal education money.    have you been tested for hpv? chances are quite high that you are a carrier of hpv.',1
'thank you!   hear from you soon.   as always, have a good one!   i report them also.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.   sddd',0
'absolutely not. if they can\'t hold it, let them go in their pants and they\'ll just have to be changed.',1
'top tier is garbage for the most part. as a tuner, who works very closely with other tuners, we recommend just 3 brands of gas; exxon, mobil or bp (exxon/mobil didn\'t used to considered top tier). sunoco is iffy. shell is the absolute worst gas on the planet, and most cars will show knock retard using it. for those who don\'t know, detergents don\'t burn. they destroy octane. any of the cleaners in gas or the off the shelf cleaners are horrible for performance. we never recommend using them, under any circumstances. your car will knock with them in the tank, whether its a pos corolla, or a hi-po porsche. if you don\'t believe it, buy a data logger and see what the knock sensors are doing.        for my cts-v, its never had anything in its tank other then bp amoco ultimate. i used to use exxon and mobil in my srt8s, but since they always cost more, no sense in using them any more.',1
'yeah.  i hate all the racist organizations.  the kkk, the naacp, the united negro college fund, etc.   filthy, racist bitches!',1
'he does seem to lean closer to marxists.',1
'yobroman, your focus is way too narrow!  you are just looking at taxes.  at the end of the day, when all is said and done, the wealthy (as a group) are always takers from society, never givers!!  if being wealthy is as hard as repubs say it is (what with their tax burden, and all), why do you suppose mitt romney hasn\'t come and asked to change places with you?!  because, if he paid 99% taxes, he\'d still be miles ahead of where you and i are.  that\'s why, dummy!       and, its not just romney, it the wealthy, as a class.  at the end of the day, they all have bigger houses, fancier cars, longer vacations, they eat better, wear better clothes, and send their kids to better schools, than you or i can afford.  i know why mitt romney wants to pay fewer taxes.  its you i wonder about, ybm.  why i* h*** do you care whether the mitt romneys, of this world,  are forced to give back to the rest of us (who made their money for them) some of their unearned money in taxes??  its folks like you, who work so hard against your own best interest, in favor of people who are',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                   ',0
'white racist america is under the delusional impression that unlike their past history, hispanics and blacks are not in the habit of repeating it\'s histories in fighting the white mans war.the honest to god truth is that if millions of muslim radicals were to attack the u.s...obama, and we the [real americans] would not stand by your side.the muslim world also knows that apart from great britain and not so mush isreal nor saudi arabia [bush/cheneys oil profit cronies] would come to your defense...yes america,these kkk cowardly clowns have the right to practice their first amendment..and in the revolution we will be practicing ours,right mr.president bwahahhaaaahaa..thug  ​ s rule.',1
'putting god on money sucks!',1
'men know the difference between good and evil.and that includes all you queers out there. just clear your minds, meditate for a second and look in your heart, you will see for yourself that you are wrong',1
'i live in texas and i can tell you that gw screwed up this state before he moved on to the entire country.  and he was in the national guard so i doubt he flew that much.  also, he was an alcoholic and cocaine addict in his youth.  obviously both of those managed to kill most of his brain cells.  he\'s also the man who said it would be great if he could be a dictator.  yeah, he\'s a winner alright.',1
'lofe...come on now....let us not forget we are all brothers...  well, maybe close cousins, once removed....genetical  ​ ly  and spiritually.  let us reclaim our ability to forgive and forget  since in the long-range view of things, all things must pass.    peace to you  ~ lom',1
'these cameras have been proven over and over to be flawed and create more danger of rear end collisions than drunk drivers. they could also be unconstitutional as they charge the husband for an offense if the car is in his name and his wife is the one driving. (what happen to an "individual" being innocent until proven guilty" unless they can be proven to be 100% accurate and yellow lights are not shortened to cause rear end collisions, then they should be banned. i hate the intrusion of "big brother" but they already have "him" in places like london and as a result of the benefit it has been proven to be there (and at the "wally-worlds" of this country - where the wal-marters ram cars with doors and carts)  - i would support cameras all over town === just not red light cameras - anyone in favor of those has not read or watched the news, not read the magazines, and has not experienced instant yellow to red like we have in corpus christi (cc) tx. they are a cash cow for the city and have nothing to do with safety in any sense of the word.(cc) has an excellent police department. i would like them to be allowed to do their jobs without some bureaucrat upping the anty with the cash cow',1
'i think it\'s harmless and silly, but don\'t you know my daughter would refuse to wear the animal prints.',0
'if these religous nut jobs were so confident in the invisible man in the sky, they wouldnt cry about it, maybe its because the science theory does not include mind control like religion does, all these religous retards are helping to make this country weak  and the govt. just kisses their asses by making everyone apologize to someone, between the govt. and religion this country is doomed, they should take one religous leader from each group and pack em into the partridge family bus and let them slide under a gas truck.',1
'you signed up for citizen state when you joined the service.     you chose to follow their strict guidelines and interpretations. all volunteer military thing going on.    pregnant women do not take any oaths to your/my personal ethos, or even uncle sam.',1
'if you don\'t follow the lefties than your a gay hater. but if you except it than you hate god. i\'ll stick to my beliefs, you stick to our\'s and in the end we will see who is wrong.  all you people who except the lifestyle , imagine your son being pumped in the azz by some other guy, or your son going down on another man, if your except it your sick.  or your daughter and another women having sex together.  all you lefties, if you go to church , look at your lord and tell him i don\'t care what you say , i except homosexuality.',1
'adam lavine is a huge douchebag!',1
'i bet his ssa is still sore about that gerbal day that he had!',0
'i hope i don\'t have to pedal six kids.  but, i notice this lady is wearing a skirt.  i would be content to just sit on the curb along her route on a windy day and watch as she passes by.   if we don\'t throw out the politicians in office, local to national, we may all be pedaling bicycles.  guess we would be healthier though.  but, lets spread the word and throw them all out!  lets put them in the soup kitchens and job fair lines like they have done to our country.',1
'hey is that buda taking in the a*ss?',1
'that is why they will go to hell. they do not believe in god and live in sodom and g. the time will come and they will have thei- pants down.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'j, with all due respect, we live in strange times. i don\'t like the idea of aggressor/victim undertone of the whole thing. and i\'m not even a parent of a girl. you know, when something feels eeeky, speak up. that\'s all i gotta say about that.',1
'yea yea yeah. i will comply with that stupid public announcement and wear clean underwear. i\'ll be wearing flaming pink just to freak those who will find me, should the situation progress to that level. know what i\'m saying?! (lol withheld here for all dignity holding purposes.)',1
'america is a fugging lie, and always has been.',1
'1. where does it say she was a single mother? 2. where does it say any where about her being on any kind of assistance government or otherwise. 3. i am damn well going to create wonderful human beings to hopefully offset the disgusting off spring others are throwing out there (plus...ya know i love kids and all) 4. you are a sad, sad, sad, sad individual.',1
'taylor should have had romney help do his taxes. then he would millions stashed offshore and no worry.',1
'thank god i\'m happily kidless and single!!!!',1
'they probably need to get back together to help the movie release in november.',1
'spoken from a truly asleep sheep on your own. just lay back down and stick that pillow in your mouth where you are the most comfortable..',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'and where do you think all of that money went? oh wait... it came out of out pockets, and so far, less than 10% of his ideals actually worked. so 90% of our pay was wasted... anyone else thinking of switching our president?',1
'no, i\'ll just use the map app, along with the beer goggle app.',1
'at this day and age fighting for ones race is beyond ignorant but to be honest the white power groups are growing because all of the colored crimes that occur in america the small group of trouble makers is adding up to reflect on the entire cultures and peoples. the only way its going to end peoples is if you start turning in the ****ers and cartel members.',1
'absolutely not...for what? attention? i get good attention with my clothes on...',1
'who cares she\'s a skinny skink',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'dear god finally',0
'christian...muslim, there is no difference....christ  ​ ians are just as sick and twisted as muslims. a christian is just a cowardly muslim!',1
'bless her heart.    i don\'t even want to be trapped in a car with six kids who are not all sleeping.    egads.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.                   ',0
'if you combine the wealth of the last 8 presidents their combined wealth still doesn\'t match romney\'s.      romney just wasn\'t born with a silver spoon in his mouth he was born with a golden spoon in his **** and has been feeding americans sh*t ever since.',1
'i totally agree!',1
'i tried to google         u s christian taliban== no good    help me out here    or are you making it up for sensationalism and  self-serving purposes ??    muslim extremism--several pages',1
'one more thing.  i bet when you read this, you grab your computer monitor, and filing it across the room.  hitting people like you in the face with the truth about yourselves drives you absolutely insane.',1
'colorado    school confiscates catholic  rosary beads from student       if the student were muslim would they confiscate those prayer beads ????',1
'agree with you. even i can be happy enough with a centrist government. it\'s the far-right that are the scariest ones. those on the left in congress aren\'t even that extreme... if they are, maybe i just don\'t see it .... but it blows my mind when they call obama a socialist.... that\'s just ridiculous.',1
'oh jesus ..... wait he was an alien from another planet in a galaxy far far away according to the mormon hand book      this moron actually answered her  holy wtf is this republican thinking      oh yea hes a mormon or a moron not like it matters same difference so i guess i answered my own question as too why  oh mitt why your father should have named you glove you might actually catch something before it becomes old news we already new he was a moron i mean mormon',0
'interesting how they didn\'t throw any hip-hoppers in there. ohh, that\'d be racist, right? ahh, our lib media.',1
'have you all forgotten that we were attacked on 9/11/2001.what was pres bush supposed to do .if he had done nothing you would all be screaming that he didn\'t do anything.     he had no choice but to attack and keep on attacking until the stupid muslims get the idea that we will not stand for it.if you attack us we will hunt you down and make you regret that day.i would have carpet bombed the ****s.a nuke might have done a better job.the only thing crazy people understand is power.if you really hurt them they will think twice before they do something that stupid again.',1
'all-that,  you have no idea about science, if you did you wouldnt believe in myth and the super natural.',1
'laurel are you a masochist?',1
'well the ole bush tax cuts that have been continuous for 10 years now, really prevented the 2007 recession/depression  ​  that we are still in. tax cuts are like pixie dust, they fall on everyone and millions of jobs just occur!! or is it that debt accelerates faster. which one is it?????',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'you\'re a  teacher...... you " are " apart of the union even though you deny it, which everyone knows is a lie!!!!!!......  yes...you\'re bad.. go phuck yourself and go phuck your union',1
'this is an excellent example of the kind of control obama wants to exercise through ( his ) e.p.a. the e.p.a. has become a government within a government and it is time to cut it\'s funding !  !  nothing scares a new company  into the arms of china faster than the e.p.a.',1
'this puppet thug has nothing on me. this bit/**h sucks my d/*k...lmfao, lmfao, lmfao...thugs rule.',0
'walmart is satan\'s son lol..',1
'gross',0
'all creatures are born without cover up. mullas muslims are born with veil. abra ibra was born and remained cover-less and produced through many women many judea christian islam. so? billions of mammals have mammary glands. so? jewish media racist media garbage media benefits and crtainly playboy fr.italian top trash. so? stop printing audio video trash now..',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'"i did notice that bill maher conveniently left out the fact that the soldiers at the u.s. embassy were not allowed to have any bullets for their guns."    you\'re getting your decades confused.  lol.  on which radio talk show did  you hear that?',1
'looks like implants... he spends more money on meals than making pumping gas..he cannot do much gas pumping since he is in the gym 6 hours a day... about time to put this moslem (his name is islamic ie moslem) back on an air egypt flight..',1
'i was in the van that time? odd. i could have sworn it was the ice cream truck.',1
'koo    the muslims are in riot mode ,,,,religious fanaticism    could you imagine the outrage if  the catholics did this    rotflmao    you and lost ,,,,,,,,,do you share the same doctor ??????    check your meds ,,,,,,,,,they are out of balance',1
'the truth',1
'yea and guess what 4 more of barry and they will have no option, me i can\'t wait to pass their fat asses on the road as i drive by.',1
'sure, when i was in the joint everyone was innocent  especially me.',1
'more like frugal and....    healthy !!!   ;-)',1
'i think he shoots botox in his arms, that\'s disgusting, i wonder how he wipes his *ss!',1
'my name is samuel jackson muthu fuka!!!   say what again cmon, one more time  say what again!!!   cmon i dare you  say what one more time',1
'translation:        we need a clever way to begin "homosexual" indoctrination course work in k thru 12. it is imperative that we cultivate willing victims before they are mature enough to fight back against the tyranny of our agenda.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with an older successful millionaire .they met via  ~ ​​​ś_é_é_k_i_n_g_ŕ_i  ​ ​​_c_h _ĉ_⊙_㎡~~ it\'s where for meeting older successful men & classy mature women, who are searching for their special someone.if  you are a mature woman and  wanna marry this kind of older successful guy .it\'s worth a try.               ',0
'she\'s so far up obama\'s azz you could see her on an x-ray',1
'i just love all these "why is everybody so intolerant", gay posts!  anybody remember all the intolerant gay boycotts???? i guess they thought straights would forget all about that!  ain\'t happenin"!!!!!',0
'idk know what the is spell much ????',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'honesly i think white people just use christianity as a front. why would you even let people comment on this disgusting picture shame on m.s.n.',0
'there but for the grace of god go i .......          why or how can\'t these insensitive morons understand compassion ( not that this wonderful lady wants anyone to feel sorry for her ) but if they owned this quality this lady could live her life happily, and the world may become a little bit better !',1
'every knows pelosi is an idiot...now she\'s proven she\'s delusional as well.',1
'come on this is b.s that\'s not fair he apologize. what more do people what from him even rihanna forgive him.... i mean peple make lots of mistakes and he made one. so get over it people from the u.s & u.k',1
'i cannot belive the stupid comments about mr.clint eastwood\'s interview with a empty chair, the context was (is ) about our so called leader "obama" the empty chair represents  the selling of his chair by now imprisoned ex governor of illinois, and showing up obama\'s failed promise\'s. i could go on, but if you do not get by now, you never will. yes i know my spelling is not perfect',1
'sucks! good bye!   your homeless for six years you  dont\' wanna work! many people  play music they still work!!!   typical lazy liberal!',1
'sad, sad story..... but this has been business as usual for many years and... we are still here.  many people have become very wealthy by satisfying a need or desire of many people that was previously overlooked.  i do not remember anyone who became wealthy by sitting in the dark playing with their precious metal.',1
'wowwwwww......bigger  ​  than hulk hogans',1
'man everyone is being harsh here, yes the last few seasons without michael scott have not been half as good, but it ran aloooong time, and comedys do not get much better than what the office had to give us for many, many years, so why can\'t we just say thank you to the remaining original cast members for making us laugh, a lot!!!! i have a few favorite episodes that i will never get tired of watching and i am not fond of watching most anything more than a couple of times. that entire cast with all of their original quirks made the show what it was, it was better with michael scott, but as happens with all unforgetable and truly good shows, it\'s time has come to end, so this may have happened anyway!    why be so ungrateful for the last mediocre seasons instead of saying thank you cast and crew, for a great, original and genuinely funny show with unforgetable characters!!!',1
'if ford doesn\'t change there ways there going to be right back in the craper. there not standing by there products . we have a 2010 expedition and have rotor, console blemish, and now paint problems, none ford would fix.  the console blemish was there, since new, the rotors were ruined at 17000, and the paint  just started at 37000 .  i\'ve done quite a bit of research and the paint problem has been going on for years with a number of claims going to court, and ford losing.  this is our third expedition, and i was going to buy a ford pickup to replace my gmc but there will be no more fords for this family.',1
'moral decay potected by minority liberals',1
'oh and before i forget, would you let those harpies about qe and all its imminent currency depreciation know....i am still open to purchasing all those "worthless"  dollars.  ha ha ha....',1
'if he truely lifts weights his forearms b huge to not flimsy and tiny like they r now',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?===(bing it) ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'all my friends used to call me crustythevjj',1
'are they democrats?',1
'racist suck donkey dick..haha and that would be a black man pencil dick mofos',0
'i have never seen any of these shows, so won\'t miss them.  just don\'t take off my ncis!',1
'boo hoo...shut up you no talent pole smoker.',1
'sex ed. as a whole is a severe catastrophe.     since the advent of modern sex ed, the amount of teenage females getting pregnant has gone through the roof and is somewhere on mars for an equivalent.     it\'s failing children and chldren think you can have sex with a condom and not get pregnant. let\'s get serious, condoms break, spermicide can\'t even come close to catching 1 in a 100 sperm let alone millions.     we don\'t even tell kids that you should wait until  your 18 let alone married any more.    ',1
'every single doctor that i have ever had who was worth a grain of salt has vehemently insisted that i limit any time that i have or may have to spend in a hospital to a bare minimum. this spring i completely destroyed my knee which required major surgery (three hours worth) and my orthapedic surgeon made absolutely sure that i was admitted to the most reputable and sterile facility in the region and as soon as i could lift my head they truss me up,slapped me in a wheel chair and ushered me out of there before i could see straight. he said and i qoute....if you stay in a hospital for any length of time it\'s not a matter of "if" you are going to contract something that\'s lurking in those halls,but when and how severe! this guy is a renkowned doctor of sports medicine,is the primary for a professional football  team and absolutely refuses to have his patients stay anywhere overnight unless it is completely unavoidable! whether the hospitals records are sound or not. armed with that information and with all the rest the others have handed me...that\'s all i need to know! thank you very much..but i\'ll brew my own "staff infections","flesh eating bacterias" and "lung diseases" in the comf',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'tiwit     i have a bill i want you to vote on,,,,,,,,,you cannot read it,,,,,,,    you have to vote for it before you can see what is in it.........    ring any bells,,,,,,,,trillion $$$$$$$$$$$  legislation    trust me i am a democrat',1
'check out this:',1
'oh dear lord. itachi uchiha says a lot about you. so you like to cyber with little girls who roleplay.',1
'the liberals have to get control of early education. then they can tell our children we, as parents, are wrong and they, as teachers who have gone to college, know more. it follows that our government does no wrong (it\'s run by educated people) abortions, birth control, and same sex marrige are blessed by our government therefor to not get an abortion, take birth control, or be in a same sex relation is not right and downright stupid.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'sog - don\'t completely ignore the first part of my statement. "there\'s nothing wrong with profits"    why have any business if you can\'t profit in some way? of course, there are non-profits, which still employ and pay people, but that\'s not what i\'m referring to.    businesses absolutely should make profits. but some companies have reached the point where profits become so much more important than the employees who helped them make profits - to the point where employees are just a number - their salary. you know, the "overhead" costs that many large companies look to trim, even at the expense of losing their company culture and those who drive innovation.',1
'the numbers dont lie  -  no matter how much emotion you pump into the election the numbers are the same---4 years of failed policy . it was bad enough that bush overspent but obama was bush on steroids',1
'he looks like scott walker with his eyes full of tears after having his right wing extremist labor law struck down in court today.  lol',1
'what dumb question!',1
'throw rug.       gloves.       baby back ribs.       mmm yummy.',1
'no, they look phony, look at how small his forearms are?',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'the british went around the planet, preaching self-government, but practicing slavery.  we had to fight the brits like hell in the american revolution.  the brits brought the slaves here.  jefferson said the slaves would never be happy here, but also said that one day they would have the vote. the brits went to south africa, beat the germans there, and allied with them to enslave the blacks.  the brits also went to china, got the people there addicted to opium, and started the opium wars (the boxer rebellioin was chinese practicing tai-chi, who thought they could order british planes out of the sky).  the brits stole all of the wealth (gold and ivory) from india.  i can show you how they screwed up iraq, and iran, and palestine.  hitler admired the british empire and wanted to create his own empire like theirs, based on killing anyone who wasn\'t lily white and enslaving the rest of the human race.  the fact is, american capitalism capitalized on the misfortunes of those, including in south america, where it got gold and jewels to finance the railroad construction in the us.  the fact is that america needs slaves, but does not want to admit it, so it brought in illegal (immigrant wo',1
'look like implants to me .....no veins ...very small forearms ???',1
'don\'t think i will so it is a mute point answering the question. people will whine about everything these days.',1
'he\'s pathetic...',1
'classic...question you asked earlier about pissy ryan..he was on tv more or less, blaming obama for the attacks on ours and the other embassies...     he is doing political grandstanding on a dire situation....he is a pos..',1
'who cares about the state of freaks and weirdoes, why should a bit of nudity bother anyone out there. i mean they have men on men and women on women in public, so what a freak walking around with no clothes?',1
'taxes are outrageous!  houses are being foreclosed upon daily!  businesses are boarding up and closing! jobs are lost in america and showing up overseas!  items cost three times more than they should.  gas prices are about 3.70 per gallon for regular.  a wind comes up and gas prices rise.  politicians kiss the baby and promise us the world.  they borrow money and enjoy a four year vacation, only to ask and expect to be re-elected, our embassies are being burned one after the other.  our people overseas are being killed.  a bunker is secretly being built supposedly at our white house but little of no information for us, the owners of the house.  and, all we can do is look for another ballgame to watch or attend!!!!  lets vote out every incumbent!! is life a game???',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'aww, and i was liking you too, real truth!  ^_^       women have the right to control over our own bodies.  and i\'d rather a woman had an abortion than have a kid she\'s going to abuse.  now i don\'t think it should be used as birth control.  that\'s just wrong.       i don\'t have a problem with paying for birth control, but yeah, the woman should take it if she\'s getting it for free.  well, she should use it anyway if she doesn\'t want to get knocked up!     i actually do use social services and i wouldn\'t be good for anyone if i didn\'t.  i\'m bipolar and i go to mhmr, which is run by the state.  i don\'t have insurance because i can only work part time and if it wasn\'t for mhmr, i would probabl',1
'only pussies wear berets',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'are you single? my name is blair and i created ~~richbachelor~~~(bi  ​ ng it); my site is completely free and we generate about 800,000 relationships a year. most of our users are wealthy single professionals who want to meet someone. but don\'t take our word for it. go to test and verify , you\'ll believe.',0
'romney is such a moron. does he really think household income of $199,000.00 is not middle income? and, therefore is low income? no wonder the man has no compassion for the poor; he doesn\'t have a clue!!',1
'sure, i\'m positive he\'s sorry.        he\'s a low life, woman beating, sorry excuse for a man.',1
'i think the united states of america is screwed, no matter what we do......',1
'moronic idiot more like !',1
'bc i retract my statement. i read through your past posts and you only speak with humor and thoughtfulness. i am not a hater, i am just so tired of the garbage a handful of the people post. that is why i mock them in my characters nickname. how it is they are able to continue is beyond me. have a good weekend!    guess i need to add rt to my name. i can only assume there were people before me who tried to stop their nonsense since they like to throw out names like jimmy, gwb, and their biggest "slam" mikey. i guess when you are full of so much hate you can\'t imagine someone not liking you or maybe it\'s just that they think no one likes them so they just hate.    too bad love doesn\'t have as much power on this site as hate!   ',1
'sweating like a knee grow on election day !',1
'i dont think we came from any swinging animals but whatever you guys want to believe its just because we were thought to think this way. i say go with it and why not. we aint teaching our future any different.',1
'i think being queer is a sympton of homosucksualls',1
'breaking bad!?  no!!!  that is my favorite show on tv!  damn, so sad to see it go.  that show was the best.',1
'down with them all',1
'very unfortunate incident.  i\'m not certain why having a screwdriver in your pocket would subject you to be tasered and arrested.  it must be a british thing, but sounds suspicious.  sounds like the outcome ended quickly.  in america the lawyers would still be circling waiting to make the kill.',1
'-"is tmz literally driving amanda bynes crazy?"  maybe, but it\'s a pretty short drive.',1
'well, idiot - when the us marine corps barracks in beirut was attacked by a suicide bomber in 1983 and 241 marines were killed, and it was reported that the guards were carrying empty rifles and the bomber drove right past them, did you ask the same question? it appears that this "empty gun" policy was started by the great republican hero, ronald w. reagan. of course, the beirut incident did not involve an embassy in peacetime - it was a barracks building for marines sent into the middle of a civil war. you have some lame excuses for old president alzheimers?  sorry - i forgot. you don\'t know anything, except how to spew bullsh!t......',1
'dudes, there are karmas-  all around us. wake up and smell the coffee- or is that change already!',1
'how about no cell phones during school hours check them at the door, when they get tired of that they will stop bringing them.  seriously why do they need a phone when at school anyway.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i don\'t see the big deal. as a christian, i don\'t believe in evolution that we evolved from primates. we do, however, evolve within our own species. it\'s just an ad showing a concept. nothing more.',1
'no wonder all of the msn chatwall bigots have gone silent today...they\'re en-route!',1
'i bet you would never read a msn headline that said "muslims pop off over evolution-themed ad". why do you suppose that is? seems as though msn is just as bad as any other bigot!',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'cincyrock asks: "when the f**k is all this g*d damn greed gonna stop?????"     when civilization, as we currently know it, is brought to its bleeding anthropomorphic knees, and not a moment before. i do believe this never-ending and ever-growing greed you speak of will almost certainly be our ultimate undoing, either directly or indirectly.     pretty danged putrid if you ask me.',1
'you said something that i\'ve said for years.  when we become too much of a threat, the earth will mount an immune response against us, probably in the form of an unbeatable virus or bacteria.',1
':)   no labels at all.    i\'ve listened to ron paul. i like some of his ideas, but i don\'t like all of them.',1
'still not an answer - just a cowardly evasion. typical.     "why are hatetheists always trying to force their beliefs on everyone else!!!!"     why don\'t you take some of your own advice? at the very least, try to remember what you wrote and, if someone questions it, try responding with something relevant.',1
'don\'t  blame white folks. there were plenty of black guys loading the ships.  maybe they were doing what ejgland was doing and shipping the bad sort to the usa. if research is to be believed some slaves  were happy. they had food, a job and a place to sleep.',1
'"on january 22, 2009, president barak obama signed an order to suspend the proceedings of the guantanamo military commission for 120 days and that the detention facility would be shut down within the year. on january 29, 2009, a military judge at guantanamo rejected the white house request in the case of abd al-rahim al-nashiri, creating an unexpected challenge for the administration as it reviews how america puts guantanamo detainees on trial."    unfortunately, the patriot act is likely interwoven into our defense program and  budget now. romney wants to increase defense spending. obama wants to cut defense spending a little - probably not enough.',1
'better give ike turner and bing crosby the sticker too. this is so ridiculous. this is between rhianna and brown, we dont know any of these people personally. people make mistakes, if rhianna wants to forgive him; then move on, she is the only victim here. let it go. these people arent your sister, they arent your friend. stop judging people.',1
'i started buying gold after the democrats took over both chambers of congress after the 2006 mid-term elections (that was when pelosi and reid took over). it was right around the $600/oz. mark back then, and i purchased 100 ounces. smartest decision i have made yet. today, as of this posting, one of those same ounces is worth $1,770. that\'s a 195% roi in just six years, or an average annual return of about 33% (minus some minor relative pocket change fees). let\'s see anyone\'s portfolio do that. so that kinda blows away any of the reasons listed here why gold isn\'t all that great. and some of the weenie excuses in this article are pathetic. owning a gun now is a reason to consider being against buying gold? lmao! i\'ve owned guns before i owned gold, and i\'ll continue to purchase and own guns while i continue to purchase and invest in gold. this article sounds like it was written by a bed wetting liberal. and unlike the bed wetting liberals out there who believe that my property (money) is not really mine and belongs to others, this gold is mine. i can bury it if i want to (and i just may be forced to do just that if obama gets re-elected). you socialist democrats can keep your filth',1
'now if they could seperate the men from the boy`s. with a crowbar that is.',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'to begin with, if you venture to countries such as saudi arabia, the rule is that a woman must wear a head scarf. it is not about respect. it is the law.      now, as for other countries such as qatar, lebanon, syria... peope are generally a mixture of muslims and christians where  many muslim women do not even wear a head scarf. in all the familiar countries except saudi arabia, the head scarf is not a requirement nor a taboo if not worn.      many american women have taken it upon themselves to wear the head scarf when traveling to middle eastern countries. it has never been a requirement for them to do that. it is a sweet and respectful gesture nonetheless.    ',1
'@bratt217 lol appreciate the effort but don\'t bother wasting your time.  no real way to stop faceless trolls leaving stupid, misspelled political comments on a page having nothing to do with politics.  in their defense though i\'d be angry at nothing too if i hadn\'t been laid in over a decade',1
'kinda depends on the safety factor. that much weight going downhill will not stop well with standard bike brakes and tires. the bike however ingenious it is appears to be normal bike mechanics aside from the front steering. the rear bike is simply attached train style. portland is not flat and prone to rain which adds to the issue. not sure i\'d want all my kids in one basket so to speak.',1
'why would a group of people show up uninvited to a business of all places, and start singing????  if group of people showed up at my office and started catterwalling, i\'d have them thrown out too.....good for you walmart.',1
'van orton    p r = public  radio    n p r =national public radio    you actually believe this ????     just curious ??    you do realize that they are funded by the federal govt.  and could not generate  enough revenue to be self-sufficient',1
'ah, the christian taliban is out in full force over this ad and article.  these right wingers need to get a sense of humor!  drink dr. pepper!',1
'perhaps they, the authorities, were led by the name? crookston?? really?? lol',1
'wow ignorance is very much alive and well and i can tell by the majority of these posts. so very happy that i have the ability and senses to know that there is not one grouping of people on this earth that is better off, more knowledgeable, and without their fair share of blatant stupidity. many will evenutally have that eye opening experience of self awareness and be frightened of their own ignorance\'s. the rest of you...well. but until that time, i guess the only way of fulfillment is to poke fun at others shortcomings. wonder if any of you would tell the truth about the most stupid thing you\'ve ever done? oops, i\'m sorry. there\'s no stupid or ignorant anything in this bunch!     now, i am not going to come back to this post. you guys can rant and rave and say whatever makes you feel the bigger person. i very much invite you to do so. i want you to be happy. ;-)    ',1
'how about it happens to your ma ma, or sister, daughter, aunt, or your wife/girl friend, what would you say about it then dipsticks, and as for all the prejudice pride you bitches are showing i figure i could get away with talking \'s*#t to your precious pieces of meat,      and if this don\'t offend your superior pride i would go so far as to pay them at least, as the saying goes, "two bits", ($0.25), for their service, but also wonder if it would be to much?      as for me being prejudice, think again as i have caucasian blood lines, as well as native american, but what i have most of all is respect for other people, as well as being able to be prejudice against stupidity, and inbred bozos like you, who are less than anyone\'s equal, as i have for you who posted the racial slurs, and wonder if you are worth the money you make on your job.      so consider yourselves lucky as you can bend over and kiss my royal butt, which by the way goes back to scotland, ir',1
'another city loaded with dumbocrats, does anyone get the picture out there yer? when dumbocrats are elected to any office, you lose. they tax you to death, still not enough they end their city or state and now the country to bankrupcy. and of course the unions, like the teacher in chicago another hell hole filled with liberal dumbocrats, never get enough of your hard earned money. how many more examples do you all need to stop this insanity and stop voting for them? oh and ca is a broke as broke can be. and so be it but they spread their infestation to once conservative states like or and wa, and sadly they are lost also.',1
'white racist america is humping in fear of the muslims and a black brutha in da house lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ the next four years is going to be an epic nightmare on white hillbilly street,don\'t look now america..your statue of give it all to me liberty is melting,fading,crumb  ​ ling like useless sand through the white mans hands lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..t  ​ hugs rule.',1
'they were together four years...why didn\'t he step up and marry her?  they were engaged.  plus, she is 22 and the older guy, i\'m sure was persuasive.  sometimes young women fall into a trap of persuasion and stupidity in believing an older mans crap.  ("i\'m going to leave my wife""i\'ve never felt this way before" yada yada)  i think she deserves a second chance, this will help them grow stronger.  and like i said, she wasn\'t married',1
'just because you can\'t stand organized religious fanatics doesn\'t necessarily mean you don\'t believe in a supreme power that doesn\'t look like jim morrison.',1
'where can i get a coupon for scissors? i can\'t afford the equipment to clip the coupons. the last coupon i used was for buy one get one free marlboro red.   now i have emphysema and am too weak to tear out coupons. yes, the sales guys are really looking out for us.',1
'that\'s true. no denying that.  any religion can be pushed to an extreme. it just depends on the individual or group.',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'how about if they depict mohammed as a pecker, oops, i mean a pepper.',1
'it\'s impossible in china beacause any bicycle like that is not lawful.',1
'lol...yep, their priorities are all fubarred up.  progressives???  they are progressing alright, straight into a pit they will never be able to crawl out of.  trouble is they are trying to take everyone else with them.  rome fell in such a manner as this.',1
'lol!',1
'ore dude, there\'s an  aspirin with your name on it waiting for you. why don\'t you go consummate the deed already.  you expect me to follow from a woman/bike/kids to wh/shame?!! let us help you get a grip already.',1
'she\'s beautiful by any standars.  make money today without spending a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'nothing wrong with profits, just that those who make a profit have totally lost the respect of everyone around, thanks to our stupid president who don\'t have a clue.   no profit, i would lay off everyone, then what? i wouldn\'t even sell my business to the fed even for the whole money in the world............   morale: it takes passion to succeed and obama is destroying it.',1
'its a spoof,folks, nothing more. anyone who  believes that evolution could really happen, should have no problem believing it started with dr. pepper, and any true christian that knows the bible, will have no problem with this, except. laughing too much (like i did).',1
'think about your comment the next time a priest molests another kid and its covered up!',1
'both are symptoms of the american society that is still not free from almost 400 years of believing that sex and the human body are wrong, especially with the rapid sexualization of lifestyles and entertainment since about 1970. repressed recognition of inbuilt sexuality (without which, by the way, the human race couldn\'t continue) gets released in many unhealthy and sometimes unfortunate ways.',1
'what are you going on about???',1
'i almost hope we have to drive these bastards to hell ourselves. i am so sick of their sh!t.',1
'the # 1 reason that sex ed needs to be taught to teens in public schools.    1. sex is as natural a function of life as breathing oxygen. sex should never be feared the way control-freak republicans fear it. instead, responsibilty during sex, avoiding std\'s and pregnancy must be taught to safeguard young people until they are financially capable of bringing children into this world as adults. not 16 year old single moms like bristol palin, whose mother sarah is vehemently opposed to sex ed for teens.    2. public schools offer a safe environment for teens to be taught sex ed.    3. many parents lack sex education and knowledge and will admit that they are not in the position to teach sex ed to th',1
'these are hardly new allegations... in our area, the mostly mormon ran grand teton council has done a great job of covering this crap up for years... even when these perverts get caught, it is still hush hush and then swept under the rug. sad but true...',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'malaysians all look gay anyhow so a v-neck must be the only distinguishing factor',1
'from what i understand, many ordinances common to u.s. cities (and often not in europe) were not passed in san francisco after the 1906 earthquake; in the interest of rebuilding, tolerance of differing viewpoints and lifestyles became the norm. long before the american gay community was so prevalent, the city became the launchest pad for many things, good and bad, that became the 1960s. post-1950s "happenings" started there in about 1963 and began reaching the rest of the nation in 1965. i don\'t know when, but probably in the 1960s, it became better known that san fran has no clothing ordinance; naturists found the city to be a place of freedom in that respect. in the meantime, tolerance meant accepting homosexuals and bisexuals much earlier than in other parts of the u.s. both groups have grown over the decades; unfortunately, those who see the lack of clothing as an excuse for public lewdness are publicly naked for basically sexual reasons rather than nude for the freedom from clothing--like most americans, they\'re unable to separate nudity from sex and public nudity from public lewdness. we should know by now that one doesn\'t have to be nude to be lewd. even in the netherlands, ',1
'wiener?  are you kidding me?  is scott wiener really his name?  is he somehow related to the pervert congressman, anthony wiener, out in new york city?    come on, with a name like wiener, how can he not be for public nudity?  after all, he can \'strut his stuff\', too.  unless, of course, he\'s a eunuch, unlike his cuz over in new york city.',1
'i think it is funny.  i will have to try some.',1
'fellow posters,, a warning,,if you have pets dont feed them chinese dog treats....  my dog died',1
'even more, ask the germans, austrians, and dutch!  i have read elsewhere many reports of americans living with families stationed in germany where the approach to nudity and the human body is quite the opposite to that of most americans.  i totally agree!  nudity is not inherently sexual but rather merely being free of any textiles.',1
'why are there stupid dating sites below me when the post is about a death? piss off.. and personally who cares about the war and military and who died from what gun.. that stuff is depressing and retarded for the world. how the hell does a guy get thumb down for saying hes sorry about the parrot dieing? someone fu##d up clicked the wrong button..and why is obama mentioned? are you kidding me. and your life story of working and having kids and dogs. most un relevant data ever to this post',1
'make the world a better place and slap a muslim in the face!',1
'i am here crusty, you and babydaddy can corn hole me, lmao lmao lmao...thugs rule.',1
'my gay friends have yet to have sex in public. or show any sort of sexual deviancy in public. in fact they\'re pretty private people who\'d rather just leave what they do in the bedroom in the bedroom.',1
'good point,its not natural to have biceps that large.i bet his balls are like tiny peas.',1
'trucker mark, sorry to hear you had no luck in the stock market. i love investing, correction renting stocks. the market has been good to me maybe because i study in advance and understand what i\'m renting.',1
'boy scouts 1. penn state 0. catholic church 0.     at least they expelled the perverts!! \'nouf said!!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'hes a mormon or moron cant figure out which is more egregious nope definitely not getting my vote no way   he falls into every stupid question like it matters  muuuhahahahahahahah what a joke',1
'classic lady, the muslims are in riot mode ,,,,religious fanaticism could you imagine the outrage if  the catholics did this    rotflmao      does it count as religious fanaticism when the christian taliban aka far right wing christian evangelicals, in the u.s.  kills doctors, nurses, gays, and blacks?',1
'that is why unions were born.  so you could get enough money to save for retirement.   union workers have had 15 % to 20% of their compensation put into pensions for 50 years and they retire with good pensions.  people who had union managed pensions did not lose their money when the company filed bankruptcy then opened up a new plant in china.',1
'if you have 200 kids having breakfast and lunch and nobody pays how much is it???????????????                                                                                                                                                           somebody needs to pay even if the get discounted meals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!                                                                                                                                                                            in life only dead is free and last forever.............  ​',1
'this is just another republick war on women! beacuse she couldn\'t afford birth control she is now forced to petal all over town instead of driving in a nice big suv. and becuase bushs dad was an oil man or used it on his spagget, or something like that gas is over $4.00 per gallon! but get ready girls another 4 years of barry and none of you will be able to afford his bs or his gas. no more endless trips to the mall or running your little brats all over town, or swinging in dd for your large latte for you ever increasing **** size. hey another 4 years and you may even fit in that wedding dress of yours!',1
'spam much, dude?',1
'there are no job guarantees.  otherwise, you get substandard service.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'as it is with anything that you buy and sell, you add up the costs fo purchase and sell, shipping costs blah blah blah. then that becomes your real cost of the asset. it helps you in determining whether or not to sell at a loss or a profit...and if anyone is daytrading gold...they they are fools.',1
'absolutely!     we all make mistakes at one time or another.   get over it.   but a gift card for each kid from the store would be appropriate.',1
'he\'s talking about the tp\'ers and/or americans for tax reform (norquist).',1
'every show on thursday night needs to go mindless triviality',1
'good 1',1
'biceps are one thing ,but his forearms are non- existant....what gives',1
'it\'s  all a bunch of bunk    i m o   it was the anniversary  of 9/11 plain and simple    and reprisal for bin laden and the boasting of his death by obama    imo',1
'just make sure the dinner is hot babydoll!!!',1
'if this is true, shame on the boy souts.  any attempt by them to hide,avoid or cover up these accusations, if they are true, should result in their disbanding.',1
'a person\'s a bigot for being prejudiced against all members of a group regardless of who any member may be as an individual, and for assigning to that group beliefs that have nothing to do with reality but serve to fuel the person\'s irrational hatred.    that definition has never changed as far as i am aware.  it applied in the sixties when the group was black people and it applies now that the group is gay people.',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'i am with the principal moral values are most important not a freek show every day of our kids lives pass laws to throw them out',1
'this non-issue is a perfect illustration of the difference between thinking people and religious dogmatists. mitt romney speaks in front of a bunch of "believers" and promises not to take "god" off our money. the idiots react just like pavlov\'s dogs, immediately jumping to the irrational conclusion that the poor christians are once again being attacked by heathens. pat roberton sits behind mitt, barely able to choke back laughter as he watches the sheep and calculates how much money he will make off this latest con. (oddly enough, the morons don\'t even stop to realize that mitt isn\'t even a christian.)  so, where did this issue come from? once again, the republicans are creating an issue that doesn\'t exist in order to whip their followers into an emotional frenzy over nothing.   i was raised a catholic, and i have been an atheist since i reached the age of reason. do i think that "god" should be on our currency? no. do i care enough to do something about it. of course not. would i be p!ssed off if my congressman w',1
'i can\'t believe this is what people care about. some people who can\'t even get their own relationship under control.',1
'all  shows are not ones that i watch. most i have never seen nor wanted to see.',1
'i don\'t really care about either of them or their twilight movies, but i\'m happy for them if they\'ve found a way to forgive each other and make their relationship work.',1
'most farmers/ranchers don\'t just sit on an air-conditioned tractor all day.  if they have livestock, there is a lot of physical work to that endeavor.  additionally, maintaining equipment and farm/ranch property and buildings is a lot more work.  plus, there is usually a water well and septic system to take care of.  many farms/ranches are far from town, so farmers often have big gardens and slaughter their own meat.  all in all, i\'d rather tangle with a city boy who goes to the gym every day than a big ol\' farm boy that just got done branding 100 head of cattle.',1
'mortgagefree     how old am i? i am 65 and living proof that you can grow old but remain immature forever.     snapper. with few exeptions no object has as many loveable nicknames as a vagina. still i\'d like to see kate\'s royal ta-tas.',1
'yes',1
'this can not be said enough..... "thank god!"',1
'maybe they though they where gays with no money so it was mitt and his army riches',1
'internet pussy',1
'if you have gold and you are starving what is my hamburger worth. gold is only worth what we say it is. if you want some good go get it but don\'t bet your life on it.',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'big time the revenues they would get for bring back mammoth would like bring jurasi park like the movie',1
'smart people dont fall for santorum or romneys lies.   only the really dumb vote repulican.',1
'one of those bar bike multi person jobs would  be cool, just use it as a rolling school and everyone gets to pedal. learn as you burn(calories)',1
'wha hah hah hah hoh....so very sad indeed...',1
'my husband just said it looks like mojo jojo, hahahaha.....',0
'sadly, obama will probably win again. most of us must be delusional if we think romney is going to save us or obama is going to make things better in the next four years. it truly doesn\'t matter who wins. our government is completely out of touch with us. politics in this country is all about  money and greed. both parties lie, cheat and steal....',1
'i can hardly wait for season 3 of  walking dead...also love... hell on wheels and game of thrones...',1
'do not think so, i do not want to be laughed at in public ha !',1
'i was burned in an explosion/fire and had to relearn to do many things. i have many problems as a result and there are many things i used to do but can\'t anymore. tisha reminds me that i am not alone and things are not always impossible.  tisha, please know that many of us appreciate you and the big heart you have for sharing your life with us.',1
'i have put funny stickers on stuff in stores. i made some circle stickers once that said "for extra large vaginas" and put them on boxes of tampons at a kmart. i really cracked myself up that time!',1
'as i have said before, i think that any people who wasnt to kill in the name of religion should all be rounded up and dropped on a desert island. we could do that on a semi-regular basis and just let them kill each other off. i don\'t like the cartoon above but i won\'t kill anyone over it. it would be much funnier if it had a picture of moohammed having a 3-way with miss piggy and porky pig. that would make me piss my pants.',1
'i find it a little more believable(though the after picture does seem a bit "slid" and far too similar to the before) that a person would be able to gain and lose to that extreme--and that the muscle and definition loss looks pretty similar.    when i was younger, i obtained a look very similar to the before picture.  i then stopped weight training and packed on about thirty pounds.  the way it centralizes into the "gut" and covers the pectoral muscles in a person who is muscular is pretty much spot on.  you\'d be shocked how fast the lat "wings" disappear if you stop working them and stretching them.  a guy with a smaller muscle-skeleton structure could lose that in a matter of weeks.    more recently, due to work injury, i haven\'t worked out in several years and the effect is much more pronounced.  i had',1
'i hope he doesn\'t regret this decision, if it\'s true, and spend alot of his time wondering if she\'s doing it again. he deserves a good woman and at least she didn\'t sleep with the dirtbag that she messed around with. that would have def ended it for good.   best of luck whichever way it goes, plus, it takes alot of pressure (?) off taylor.',1
'well said. the morons not liking this are standing in line for the cool-aid, drink up.',1
'make money today without spending a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'you\'re momma wasn\'t angry, she blew me good and licked every last drop and then gave my anus a tongue bath....yes bear is the male homo.',1
'she\'s still ugly.',1
'this is only intended to fuel arguments.  the bible explains how we started.  that explanation is in genesis.  in the beginning, god created.....  no other explanation is needed.  every knee shall bow and every tongue confess.....  even those that say we originated from apes will bow and confess.  our govenment leaders need to be replaced.  we need to vote all of them out of office.',1
'get slapped, girl!',1
'first, i thought it said kfc. upon further inspection, of the post that is, i see that i was wrong. am i worried at this point? well, since that hospital is good 2000 miles away from me, would it be ok if i said no?!! thanks for letting me sleep btw.',1
'bravo for other countries to have balls to do stuff like this... america is sooo deep into this whole racist bit that is just stupid...  people claim that  if white people talk about this they are "racist"  and its all they ever do is throw that word "racist" like its there life guard... wake up... i applaud them for adding the sticker on this idiot fool!',1
'not to nit pick but seriously if you want to sound intelligent here is a little advice. first off, ellite is spelled elite, the phrase "elite and scientist" makes no sense. you should have used "elite and scientific". "before we supposed to have existed?" come on, you sound ignorant and like a hilbilly. the word were could have done you wonders. and i see you are lazy with your their, there and they\'re, "there is a creator" would have been correct. so before you attempt to make an intelligent sounding argument, proof read so you dont sound stupid.....oh wait your a republitard from fl. there\'s no point in bothering to help you.     sincerely, bitchy liberal from california',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'i am disappointed that the show is ending. i n my opinion, there were never enough episodes put out every season, thus reruns, and they wonder why? personally, i do not like reruns unless it is a memorable episode. i can say, truthfully, i loved every episode and therefore , memorable.',1
'she makes me proud to be a christian and an american woman!',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'we should be thanking chris brown for teaching us that as long as you can sing, you can beat the crap out of any woman and other women will still love you.',1
'sx300vne    no one in their right mind would want to go down that road.  however the jews themselves have already stated there will never be a 2nd holocaust     it is my personal belief  that the current administration is not a true friend of israel..  when you stand on your own,  you do what must be done!!!!!!!!',1
'parrots can live 100 yrs.  and the chocolate is probably what killed him.  who writes this stuff, don\'t then check tere facts.  must be republican.',1
'i heard the just completed a study and found if a frog had wings, he wouldn\'t bump his **** when he hops',1
'what do you have against koreans besides that your head is metalic? perhaps it tings too much when you bang your head?',1
'yeah.  like when they said obama was going to take away their second amendment rights.  them fools ran out and paid double for firearms.      i can\'t tell  you how many fat bastards i\'ve worked with who play army on the weekend with ar rifles.  get a clue.  you\'re a big target.',1
'sex education also teaches teens how to properly report child rape and child sex abuse to the proper authorities.    without this training, many abused children feel powerless and helpless as they are abused and the abuse can continue for there entire childhood and teen years. these children live in a world of terror if they don\'t know how to report it to people that will protect them from their abusers.    teaching sex ed in our public schools is a vital part of a teens education.',1
'careful joy, you will offend cindy by telling her she is not capable of a good conversation, she will spend the day crying to everyone that she is picked on and being offensive so she looses ger account (on purpose) and will have to go to the trouble of creating new names so that she can continue to not be able to converse or debate intelligently.',1
'hell no! this is for lazy liberals who  want to do nothing for themselves!  even think! my cat can find his way home!',1
'i see saggy ole bodies all the time in my employment.  i don\'t want to see gawdy jewels on them.  those people disgust me. don\'t want to see young ones eithe-. keep it in the closet.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'is you handle "putitinme"?  that sounds more like a self-proclaimed catcher not a pitcher.  maybe you\'re just getting "ruled" by thugs.',1
'i9ts time to ****ing kill every last one....no second thoughts......they obviously wont bend a little to accommodate our differences, therefore, since we actually have the power to snuff them.......perhaps its time.....',1
'are you single? my name is blair and i created ~~~richbachelor~~~(b  ​ ing it); my site is completely free and we generate about 800,000 relationships a year. most of our users are wealthy single professionals who want to meet someone. but don\'t take our word for it. go to test and verify , you\'ll believe.',0
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'you are one weird mf\'r.....does it matter if they were gay or straight when they were molesting children????     it\'s like arguing that murders that use a knife are slightly more insane than ones that use a gun......the point is they\'re still murderers.',1
'will someone please explain to me whats wrong with profits!!!',1
'regardless of for money or engorcemnet the law was violated.  seriously, if you  do not like the law as written then lobby to change the language of the law.',1
'boo it\'s a great show',1
'they\'re not appropriate. he\'s a dick, for sure, but he\'s paid his debt to society. it\'s not fair to keep lambasting him for something that he\'s been paying for. if rihanna can forgive him and the powers that be do as well, who are we to continue judging him?',1
'i think the concept of god is extremely difficult for people to understand, me included, but i also think that anyone who believes that this world or universe came about by accident is mistaken.  while it\'s true that many terrible things have happened over the course of history that can be attributed to "religion", "religion" is not the same as a personal belief in god or biblical principles.  organized "religion" is something created by man, not god.  even if you discount the historical accuracy of what the bible says, it is still a good guidebook on how to live your life.  i have my own flaws, but in this case, i choose to err on the side of caution.  even if there turns out to be no heaven or hell, i think i will have had a better life and will have been better able to live in harmony with others and be happier than if i had ignored what the bible says.',1
'if he does beat women     yup  who the hell is this guy  anyways i don\'t listen to rap pop crap its all the same lameness now anyways cant tell one song from the other or one supposed artist for that matter they all look alike too  hummmmm   weird and he probably has millions of dollars for it too now that really is strange if true       whats this world coming too oh yea the end very soon by the looks of things',1
'bank run get out now',1
'shut up you stupid, old, no talent pos.',1
'i can"t wait, this movie is sure to be one of the greats!!!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'dddoogg, you truly are a piece of excrement!       favor returned!',1
'nope',1
'wesley snipes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'if you have kids you should nourish  him and not somebody else',1
'americans, in general, imo, have issues with nudity and sexuality (much of it based on religious nonsense, imo).  how these are reflected in local laws, i suppose, really depends on individual communities.',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'obviously, in your world thinking is abusing the brain.    jobs are obsolete. too many slaves with only two choices -- either you work or you starve. food and water are going extinct. it will disappear down too many mouths. those of us who are left will pray, beg, for a merciful death that will never be granted.',1
'oh yes, by all means, lets give into the mob veto.   it is not the free world that needs to contemplate restraint. or can\'t those savages help themselves?',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'you were born yesterday.  no one\' has gotten over slavery.  it is not because of blacks necessarily; it has been whites primarily.  you wrote, "...does not benefit themselves here in the usa.."  idiot!  slavery is outlawed in the usa.   dylan had many many hits.  way before your time kiddo and you know nothing whatsoever about bob dylan. go and listen to your lady ga ga instead.  any substance there?',1
'most humans are inherently evil. ???????????????? no we are not.  all we need is good morals not myths and threats.',1
'wtf?',0
'hope u get gang raped by a pack of dogs',1
'there are no former slaves. your just a nigg-r talking sh-t .the south lost everything and more in the civil war. i love good black people, but i hate you fuc-ing nig-ers.',1
'by the way... the markets are finished. the federal reserve will pump $40 billion monthly into banks who won\'t use it correctly and lift the suppressed compressed duressed and ravaged. they will spend it exactly as they have been because bankers and financiers do not actually live or work in america, it\'s a bubble-land, like the conditions they create with their actions. according to the book: fiat money printing in france... when the fiat issues increased, the local economies snuffed at nearly the same rate. literally, inflationists printed the exact opposite effect they told the public it would do. remedies did not occur. farms went barren and fallow (couldn\'t afford to cultivate and care). businesses went bust (in our case- it would be every sub-market traded business) and both supplies and demand went away. a record in the book showed the impact of inflation in both directions-- the actual price of the good was increased, while the currency to buy it debased to worthlessness. at least back then, entrepreneurs could put tarps over their machinery and board up the facility to be opened in recovery. we have no machines (sold off) and the facilities are beyond revival.  ',1
'sears is a prancy store. can\'t have mature content. oh no a nipple under purple lingerie. it\'s just a nipple. sure the model doesn\'t care her nipple appeared in a ad.',1
'i went a pubic skule ware i larned how to spel and rite gude. the teachers tawt me spelin an engish real gude to.     i gradated with all "a"s at the top of my class. my teachers sed i was real smart to.     i wanted to go to colije but them folks sed i shud go back to graid skule cuz i ain\'t larned nuttin yet.     eniwayz, i jist want to thank them teachers in chik a go fer teachin me so gude.     i sher hope they get what they want cuz  they are the bestest teachers in the wurld!',1
'why won\'t msn publishers, and  the evil and sinful gays just accept the fact that the boy scouts aren\'t going to let them in their private organization, it has gone to the supreme court already and the gay perverts lost.  if they want to get a list of pedophiles and perverts they can just simply go to their local gay bar, and find about 99 percent of them all together in the same place!!!  the boy scouts is a private club, they don\'t want to admit gay perverts/pedophiles,  ​  deal with it and get on with you life gay people, everybody is sick of hearing you cry non stop!  most people would just go form their own private gay scout club, but the gays apparently can\'t do that, all they can do is keep whining to the public non stop like anybody cares!!!!  i guess the real reason the gays can\'t do their own gay boy scouts is because nobody would want to join!',0
'as sen schumer as said "most american voters are stupid", so anyone who votes for him or obama definitely fits into that category.  just what we want four more years of non-leadership and poverty. if you believe obama can turn this economy around then schumer is right.',1
'and 2 boiled eggs',0
'synthol. .. plain and simple... i train, workout, the whole-9 yards.  this is a simple case of injected synthol.  this guy is a complete crotch stick and a total **** bead.  his forearms are a joke, his fat **** man tits make me wanna vomit and yes, i\'d tell him to his face how big of a cock choke he is.  **** this guy.',0
'what about the volvo s60. it is better than most of these?',1
'who cares?',1
'if they have to pee, cover their junk up.   in the usa they will fine you.',1
'just because someone is an advocate of marriage-based families, does not mean that we are close-minded to the different types of marriages there might be or that the kids still need to learn about sex. heck, i don\'t care of you\'re gay, straight, bisexual or transgendered, i just think it\'s important for kids to see their parents in a lasting, loving, committed marriage.  just living together is different - there\'s always an easy way out.  kids need to learn to finish what they\'ve started and accountability, things that seem to be sorely lacking today.    yes, it would be nice if everyone could wait until their married, but that\'s a fairy-tale.  i\'ve worked in schools, i know kids become sexually active in 5th or 6th grade, i know there was no sex-ed taught in the middle school (although there was when i was a kid, and there were no teen pregnancies, now there\'s nothing and several pregnancies - hmmmmm) and that most parents don\'t teach their kids a thing.  i had one high school student come to my office (a very smart, 4.0 junior) and ask if i could diagram the female reproductive system because she didn\'t know how it worked and why she got a ',1
'and his brain is the size of a pea.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'boy the doctor must always be getting into trouble because of his sonic screwdriver in britain...',1
'classic       i don\'t think you really want to go down that rode.       it could very ugly very quick.',1
'catz  you see what you want to see. msn is clearly backing obama and putting up post to vent on.',1
'see you can\'t read. i lived in s.f. how many times have you taken it up the poop shoot msu???....you\'re the hay seed nigga\' egru',1
'brain melt is an accurate description of the process of partaking of this bated liberal slabbering dribble',1
'this should be headline news msn, in a (the) liberal city such as san fransico were every thing goes. my, my, it seems the fairys are getting disgusted with there own for a change.',1
'i was raised to always treat women with respect and courtesy..... it\'s a shame it\'s disappearing. sad really. it\'s good to know that women like you still like it.',1
'what makes you want to fondle little kids you sick @#$^%\'s, especially when you were given a position of authority. i\'d give them the death penalty if i had any power to change the laws these people receive for destroying a child\'s life, not the 3-15 years in prison and 2-10 years probation, than they\'re free to do it again.',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'i want kate and pippa in my office, first thing in the morning. i must examine them both to make sure they are fertile. i will also give them both the finger test.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no, i just have nuts.',0
'hell to the no',1
'fordman    newsflash           obama is the current  potus    bush was blamed for oil prices    why not obama  ?????????    and wtf does romney have to do with this     another tip-------------use the spell check  button      lol',1
'boo hoo hispanic riots would be nice.',1
'its synthol not steroids look it up? steroids would\'ve been a safer route. synthol is what is.          girls down-south get butt injection and now the guys arms getting injections',1
'i apologize; i meant january. look it up so that you don\'t have to await for further typo-corrections.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'the aclu is a communist organization.  read their charter.  they want to overthrow the republic.     everyting they advocate is with that goal.',1
'where\'s my posting?',1
'make money today without spending a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'is that healthy longterm? didn\'t know tricepts can or should be that shape. the bicepts look alright but... something seems odd witht he tricepts. but what the frak, it\'s not like i know anything about weight lifting...',1
'because i can.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'boo it\'s a great show',1
'how does a young boy from minnesota end up in the maryland institute of health clinical center, for what and why is he there?',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'it looks like he was once fat, lost the weight, but could not lose the fat in his arms.',1
'hey mother fer.  muslims don\'t beat women!!!!!  they cut their heads off.',1
'he needs to go watch the man whos arms exploded i think they are brothers.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.         sdkksddl',0
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'well said.',1
'all phaggots say the exact same thing..... it is their only defense... no knowledge in a phaggot..... their brain is filled with cum',1
'loser!',1
'looks real safe emily!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'he doesn\'t beat women.  he was beating rihanna because she likes it.       also, don\'t they know if they put a warning label on something, that makes people want to buy it more?',1
'she\'s putting her kids in harms way.  it\'s not safe.',1
'did you know this mother fuuuccckkeerrr has been in more movies than um well its like 99% of all fuuucckking  flicks generated in the last 20 years wtf foook     fuuuuccccccckkkkkk     i hate this mofo  fuuuck errrr    right  left and center     muhahahaha',0
'also named the baby brown recluse   , look at it .....oh and as for war and burning of a kfc and a hardys in the middle east, the restraunts should of never been built there in the frist place , they serve pork and beef ...and most middle easterners are vegetarian ...never ever say any bad about mohamed , very bad no no ..middle east people do not play games..and do you really want to vote for romney, a mormon non believer , oh ya sure , he\'ll bring world peace allright...no thanks , i\'ll stck with my muslim president obama, at least obama understands the world..he\'s gonna be president again , wether you like it or not . america , its whats best for you',1
'trayvon should of been eating kit kat bars, not skittles.',1
'did the ming vase have "made in china" on it also? lmao',1
'precious!',1
'your arrogance blinds you.',1
'columbus short. superb actor. sets balance to the show scandal. love his charm and quick wit.',1
'i will definetely not watch cnn, wether it be him or any other self proclaimed star.',1
'castrate the fools',1
'this principal should get a promotion, a raise, and season tickets to all the cowboys home games!',1
'no racist here: im ted koppel, never once did i say it was a;  nigro ,  it\'s  some of the negros . that are the worst racists of all..   they call themselves ni+*#*s, yet if  some non- ni#^*+ says: that word.   we are the racists\'.     maybe you should look at what you wrote.... after all your not a racist  are you?.  just the facts bro,just the facts.    your probly just pissed cuz;  it was your car,and had no insurance.       ya know the truly funny part.    when i check the spelling .   one of the spelling corrections for nigro, is spelt ,  nig#*+.. ya check it out>    oops< someone did a ;   oops,   now you really got something to complain about>  i dinna do it>',1
'my alcohol comsumption would go up sky high if this was the only thing i had to watch. i like  baldwin and parker in movies but they were not cut out to be in series. (maybe if they were football players they could )....this honey boo boo is a real joke. who would waste any money on that crap to produce? i saw here on the news stuffing her face with food and the first thing i thought was that she came out of her mother\'s **** instead of her uterus!  i wouldn\'t waste a minute watching any of this crap tht has been cancelled. i guess times are so hard that some actors stoop way below their level to make a buck. as alex trebrek would say......"wrong answer! next?.',1
'gross',1
'sure a "coffee".',1
'your mother amd mamma obama ate mutts balls!!! the shaft also!    the way things are going over the middle leg o\'bagger needs mutts balls more than mutt. mutt must be chi monk name?',1
'i avoid gay people like the plague.  i\'m a firm believer in the old testament laws established by moses.  such behavior is put to death as a sin unto god.  sure, i know i must face god, but i will have a clear heart in my belief and faith.  christ\'s message was to obey the spirit of the law set forth by moses, which means i don\'t have to accept them nor condone their behavior.  it doesn\'t mean i have the right to kill them according to the law.  but that\'s my belief and my faith is very sound.  for that no one call me a hate-monger!',1
're tog     please explain your         ryan $hit  remark',1
'the photo above indicates day 2 worth of biceps synthol injections,he\'s like a wet sponge.  looking all mushy gushy, take away his syringe and he would cry like a baby missing his pacifier.     that stuff is worse then steroids.',1
'i know many people just don\'t understand and i hope this clears things up. the world is over a billion years old. science (you know that thing grounded in facts) has given us proof of this. religion (that thing that is grounded in belief) has given us no proof at all. all it has done is forced millions of people around the world to believe in a mythical being that can\'t be seen but, created everything. by that logic santa claus and the tooth fairy is real. all they take is belief for them to be real. however, we have grown away from such childish beliefs as those. i think it\'s time for us to grow up some more and stop believing in gods that don\'t exist. think about it, if any god truly existed than why hasn\'t he or she showed themselves to the world? why let things get as bad as they have? i truly believe it is time for the world to grow and walk away from religion.',1
'cyolandawright,  and you feel better by calling others names and wishing they burn in hell?  too bad you weren\'t a passenger. then you could answer to god (or the devil) like the rest of us, just before us.',1
'lizzie seems like great girl, i only hope that she is allowed to live the rest of her life without be made to feel like an outcast!!!!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'dish network sucks a$$ and now im stuck with a two year contract.',1
'i hardly think a buick verano and vw jetta fit in a luxury cars.',1
'that was sugar to stop bleeding and clean out her organs and drank an ounce or blue corn. sorry for the spelling mess up not feeling well today.',1
'make money today without buying or selling anything. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'no.    (you can however buy whichever puppy you hand pick from a litter. a dog is still property. your kid never will be.)',1
'maybe "in harry potter we trust".... its all just silly fictions.',1
'i think you are on the wrong website. foxnation.com is for people like you.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'i have one question.      what law does the president write?     now stop bringing him into it!     this is a story begging to be made fun of and you people have to ruin it.',1
'i still wonder what the stupid bitch did to get her azz beat.',0
'edrhol;441121',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.   jkkjiii',0
'i don\'t really have anything to say but what you just said.',0
'i hope the guy sues the pants off the police dept, he could have died from heart failure from all that electricity. haven\'t they heard of questioning someone first?',1
'there are plenty of things ruining america.  those that happened 250 years ago are not among them.',1
'octomom would need a multi-multi-multisea  ​ t super-super-superbik  ​ e.',1
'studies show that intersection cameras cause more accidents than they prevent due to people locking up their brakes to avoid a ticket! i say ban them nationally.',1
'do a search on youtube "steroids gone wrong" and you will see just such a phenomena. it doesn\'t even flex like  normal muscle tissue.   he certainly hasn\'t been working out six hours a day prior to this picture that\'s for sure. i\'d be embarrassed to go out in public looking like that. it\'s  grotesque and hideous.',1
'no i don\'t think its right for the stickers to be put on his cd\'s. if she has forgiven him, who are we to judge not saying what he did was right by no means. but he has paid for his mistake. let\'s move on to real issues of the world people!',1
'water pipeline from the columbia river to the first california resevoir and each resevoir when filled to capacity all the way to san diego. from san francisco another pipeline to the colorado river at lake mead. let the water begin to again fill lake powell to capacity naturally from colorado snow melt. the amount of water that pours into the pacific ocean from the columbia river need only be reduced by 15% to make a huge difference in water storage for all of california as well as the rest of the southwest. at the same time begin building another pipeline from lake powell to the rio grande river in new mexico which will provide water for southern texas. maybe my routes are not the best however using the columbia river should be investigated.',1
'you don\'t know much about the grocery business, do you?  for one thing, grocery stores profit margin is very very small.  they make next to nothing on vendor items-soda, beer/wine, chips.  and if you watch the news or read, you will know that corn prices are out of this world right now and corn/corn based items are the basis for a lot of what is on grocery store shelves.  also, grocery stores are a business!  they are not providing a service!!!  how are they supposed to pay employees, merchandisers, warehouses, manufacturers, etc.?  they need to make some sort of profit in order to survive.  you seriously need to take a basic econ class.',1
'you sorry slut, pig , bitch queer hoe.',0
'hookers are looking for the same fish as jessica. are you her pimp or what? peddle your on tramps on another site!!',1
'i find that using refund world magazine is the overall best way of saving. my wife loves it. it combines free samples, rebates and coupons.',1
'make money today without spending a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'my best friend has announced her wedding with an older successful millionaire .they met via  ~ ​​​ś_é_é_k_i_n_g_ŕ_i  ​ ​​_c_h _ĉ_⊙_㎡~~ it\'s where for meeting older successful men & classy mature women, who are searching for their special someone.if  you are a mature woman and  wanna marry this kind of older successful guy .it\'s worth a try.               ',0
'your kidding me, right?     the district whose had an abundance of citizens that are nudists has a supervisor named weiner ?   ...and its a suburb of san francisco? ...and the nudists are having sex in public, are charging for photos being taken and are wearing...wtf! genital jewelry...        let\'s review: san francisco....kinky-f  ​ reak nudists...and weiner...       how is any of this shocking or surprising?',1
'it must really suck to be you...no friends, no girl/boyfriend, no life. all\'s you got is a dirty old cat you talk to and this site where you babble incoherently. you are literally a retard. do the right thing and kill yourself.',1
'i was told i could have one puke moment... is this it??',1
'i\'ll be glad to see that commie pinko baldwin and his childish temper go away...hopefully this time for good!',1
'obama is just another one of those guys that will say whatever and bend words and use catch phrases and what ever it takes to try to trick people into voting for him    that pickle squirts both ways',1
'make me, loser!!!',1
'lol this must have been written by timmy the tax cheat on behalf of barry obama...."we know that obamamonics has caused your dollar\'s value to drop to $.25 but it\'s still cheaper than owning gold..."     studies show that democrats are too ashamed to admit their mistake.',1
'"philosophying?" oh, that\'s precious. where did you study - sarah palin university? nothing amuses me more than christians displaying their stupidity - which is, of course, why they became christians in the first place....no brain, no education, just stupid.',1
'it\'s real simple : spray the spider with raid and get back to work',1
'holy cow a cartoon character came to life.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'my moms been dead for 25 years.... why are you always going to the mom jokes???? its almost as though you have mommy issues.... did daddy molest you growing up? was he always climbing in your bed to touch your tiny sausage???...... then he pulled your pants down to start fondling your tiny chocolate starfish??? i am sorry your daddy made you blow him while you were young..... but maybe thats why you had no mommy growing up!!! let us suppose that is why you have mommy issues.... she left both you and your daddy because daddy was more interested in you....',1
'make money today without spending a penny. go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'christians can go "f" themselves, quite frankly i\'m tired of all their self-serving, scripture-twisted   bull sh*t!!!',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'thats obama country...wow....vot  ​ e the clowns out',1
'saggy vagina.',1
'ahhh! add to that: george washington vision - the third peril.      one mistake people make regarding the "interpretation" of it is the bit where they perceive the "splinters of light" as being nukes. this does not compute as it is written: "it rains on the just and the unjust, alike." i\'ll keep it relatively neutral as not to offend... what makes more sense is, dare i say, beings "not of this world."      but yeah, it\'s gonna be both scary and interesting at the same time...',1
'honesly i think white people just use christianity as a front. why would you even let people comment on this disgusting picture shame on m.s.n.',0
'perhaps, but there are dedicated employees who don\'t need the threat of losing their job over their head in order to do a good job.',1
'this coming from the person who as speaker of the house actually said "you\'ll have to pass it to find out what\'s in it."',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​.​​​.​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'those are very kind words.....:)',1
'didn`t justin bieber grew up in san fran?',1
'last week, my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire,   they met via  ♥♥♥        w_ealthychat​  ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'the writer of this article needs to stop with the exageration.  i\'d hardly call it sunk nor swamped.   finding nemo is 3d theatrical re-release of a movie that has already made nearly $1 billion dollars to date.  the fact that it still made it to #2 in the box offices is still an amazing feat and something i highly doubt this resident evil movie could ever do in 9 years.',1
'so these fanatical wingnuts are going to be a terror group or mob and go killing people?  taliban and christians.  what a marriage.',1
'i think one well placed blast from a 12 gauge shotgun would solve this little problem just fine.',1
'great show!! i am really going to miss this one but i\'ll tell you what, waiting until next summer is a drag. i just don\'t get the point in making us wait so long. it\'s not ike they are going to garner more fans but the ones they have may just forget to watch.',1
'four killed in lybia ,17  beheaded in afganistan and you in the west are all exited.show your humanity.how many brother muslims suffered cuts on fingers and hands.you think cutting heads is easy?',1
'let\'s just merge it with the 1950\'s "duck & cover"; have a little penis singing "just duck, and cover" then roll on a condom or something.  even better we could show the ess video from johnny dangerously......',1
'i see another election ad for romney!',1
'a flying pig. soooooooo what\'s the el~problamo?',1
'check out solos endocopy (sndy) best penny stock ever and i do own a lot!',1
'an untreatable super bug ,hey,is this related in any way with the nancy pelosi article?',1
'he\'s a stupid as those douches on jersey shore!   big muscles and no brains! oh **** too!   is that a guy he\'s holding?',1
'help urself black sheep,toilet of course you don`t get the point ur head is empty,i shouldn`t say empty',1
'our embassies in 21 countries are under siege    the president is fundraising    w a f j this potus is    by the way mr.president,,,,,,,,  ​ ,how is beyonce doing ???????',1
'i am very sad for you. i love parrots, i used to visit one regularly at the pet store near my office at lunch. when he saw me he became very excited and followed me around. i was very sad when someone bought him.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.... . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'well versed and spoken like a true american patriot. thank you 4loveofmoney.',1
'anyone who hasn\'t shown me change or hope in 4 years, ought to look for another job. the same with this romney. if the country is still drifting without anyone at the helm, he too can be gone in four years!! i am sick and tired of all the political bs and i won\'t take it anymore!!! show me what you have done in the last 4 years and we can talk!! or else, hit the f*cking proverbial highway!!     whew! that\'s better. was that my alotted one puke moment??',1
'fire them all, what are they teaching your kids? this sh*t? fail (that would be an f in the grading world)',1
'msn would always open with another msn window by clicking box at end of header.  ulitmate vista. now it opens with blank page?????  what happened?',1
'janet reno, \'nuff said!',1
'i listen to a program on pr on the way home about a guy that wrote a computer program to match our economy as it is today. then he added certain things to the program for the computer to compute into results as to what would happen if?  he cut the price of a barrel of oil in half. it only increased employment by .01%.  he cut the price of gas to $3 a gallon. no improvement.  he fixed all of europe euro problems. un-employment still hoovered around 8%.  he threw in a big load of consumer confidence. un-employment still above 6%.  he fixed all the problems in asia, pumped up the world markets and threw everything he had at the computer including a super load of world wide consumer confidence. un-employment stuck at 6.1%.  in the end. he concluded that there is no fix.  so when romney/ryan say they got a plan to fix it all. they just think that they do. ',1
'i am a city girl who has always been grateful that someone is minding the farm. how could i eat all that fatty food before running to the gym/bike trails? i don\'t know a thing about farming but if somebody didn\'t do it, i would have starved by now for sure! by the way, my mom and her family were farmers. not an ounce of fat on any of them.',1
'women beaters are like rapists and pedophiles..it wasn\'t just a one time thing. doesn\'t matter if she forgives him. women poor and rich forgive the people who abuse them all the time doesn\'t mean the rest of us have to forget (or buy his albums).   this reminds me of that skit on saturday night live where no matter what obama did he still got the black vote. killed tupac?.."well he did have a mouth on him..."     (note: romney supporters and racists keep your comments off of here. i\'m voting for obama..but would never buy a chris brown album.)',1
'what a prude.',1
'in other countries you can drop your drawers anytime anywhere at any age.',1
'i just joked about having  sex with the meth model before she dried up. but the dude dissing john and his music really made me sick.',1
'"i don\'t care who ya are that\'s funny right there."',1
'no...they\'re not.',1
'thanks miserblof       thanks iq',1
'make money free ! go to www.shayjonesmedia.c  ​ om',0
'irrelevant',1
'why weren\'t the kids in school instead getting the day off with their teacher goofing off at wal-mart?',1
'she is of no value for anything',1
'beyond the pale, period.   just after 9-11-01 the onion had a mock headline, "9-11 skyjackers surprised to find themselves in hell", with a bizarre rant with words i had never heard of before.  what will be next?   an israeli raid, with or without our usaf/us navy  and special forces on the ground, on the iranian nuke sites?  obama and the israeli pm know that it will inflame the entire mid-east, and all hell will break out.',1
'you do realize that premium taxing non-own occupied properties is a given when we recover the nation.',1
'anyone find out who doctored the movie that is causing the riots? all the actors in it say their voices were dubbed and they have contracts listing the name of the film and it\'s theme entirely different.',1
'just gays being around other people is spreading it like a disease way to many bleeding hearts standing up for people and beliefs they do not belive in. one week we are friends with a country the next enemies the next friends its becoming the same with our own people the madness needs to come to an end. lots of uninhabited islands out there with plenty of vegetarian friendly yeilds. please move away thanks.',1
'nancy is a national treasure,just like the linconl memorial,statue of liberty,the obelisq,the jeffersson memorial,motionless,  ​ spechless,thoughtles  ​ s,carved in stone,well u get the point',1
'just another reason for homophobia! gays suck.',1
'have no idea what you just said, but it was funny, right? right??!',1
'friggin california liberals complaining about the result of laws that they passed to support their amoral permissive agenda ! you reap what you sew !',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'hey, who thumbs this down? i would bet 99.9999999999 percent of the people in the us would agree with me.',1
'just like muslim extremism,  the u.s. christian taliban that don\'t become terrorist.....want to take over the government or control the government by passing laws and legislation based on their religious beliefs.. ...and the christian taliban in the u.s. has a strong hold on the republican party and have taken control of many states already and are attempting to take over the federal government.....and the supreme court..... a vote for the republican party of 2012 is a vote for extremism and a start for theology based government..',1
'typical for fox, they are probably putting on another stupid cartoon show.',1
'oh yaa, come on bros, we b getin them shoes , my mamma  b a teecher, she got pleant of that teecher monies to b buying me them shooes. thanx yuu pres obama, now all i need is some gold teef and a blond white womans....',1
'csi needs to go.',1
'lmao',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.                ',0
'all religions are intolerant, especially islam! and what makes it worse is that the more religious the person, the more violent and stupid they are! all fundamentalists are dangerous and should be killed, especially muslims!',1
'everybody knows the majority of the quality people you meet in life come from real life interactions where we give you the once or twice over "screening" to make sure you aren\'t crazy.  these internet games are for people who are "working" on their personality (personality challenged) or don\'t have the time for you anyway, so they hide behind a screen name, flirt, and collect compliments.  then, you have the 1 out of 10,000 profiles that will lead to something long term that by the time you get to them, somebody has already snatched them up and screwed them over, leaving everyone discouraged.  .it\'s hard to fathom, but its true...',1
'classy, mark.  very classy!!',1
'they get what they get. it was constitutionally protected when they made national news so why isnt it still?     when in san fran if you say out loud "i sure could use some pussy" (if you\'re a guy) you can get sued for sexual harassment if a woman hears you. otoh a male can roll down the street naked with a boner and a sign that says "i suck cock and i\'m proud of it" and its "protected speech" down there in the land of fruits and nuts.     let those liberals wallow in the dungheap they\'ve created. if you dont like pervo\'s, sissy boys, gays, tree huggers etc etc stay away form the cesspool which is california.',1
'wesley snipes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!',0
'oh man! we don\'t want to watch old people f..k!!!!',1
'she\'s a bimbo.',1
'1 carsick lady; yes, that is npr. i\'s the only radio station i listen to because they have no commercials. i gave up on tv a year ago because of the commercials. well, and because it just got too stupid also. and i gave up on listening to regular radio because of the commercials. tired of my whole life being manipulated into thinking or wanting something i wasn\'t even thinking about a minute before. i once red a book called, "everything is hypnosis" and the author is right.  i learned a lot from that book.',1
'queer is as queer does. you made your bed now sleep in it!!!!!!!!!!! you turned a blind eye to all that queerdom  just a few years ago and now you are going to try to put the genie back in the bottle?... lmfao, dude! good luck!!!!!!!!!',1
'i want to release this into the general vicinity of that guy \'rt nashville\'.',1
'thanks for that reminder. i just kneed myself to a stick!? dang you!!',1
'human decency factor?"  no that is an outdated obsolete doctrinal principle that was abolished with demise of the deocratic party when the liberals overtook  and assumed control of the 2nd half our countries two party system.  next week you will be required to make all lunch purchases with govt suppled food stamps,and or a small rfi chip implant .....',1
'nope ... they should hump like rabbits... we don\'t have near enough people around humping like animals... nothing here... just an overcrowded world where you might not have food, or clean water, or anything resembling an income... but hey... keep humping... in the country... in the cities... in the swamps... all around the world... not going to stop them... and we need so many more of these folks...',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......seekingrich​​​  ​ .​​​.​​​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'giving a monkey cocaine as----- does nothing to advance science and neither does shoving an object in there brain to see if they get smarter.if you want to get smarter idiot read a f------ book!',1
'evolution is a fact if it is not why does your mother look like a monkey?? creationism is fairy tale 2000 years old',1
'yes',1
'the camera manufacturer will make this part of their advertising and pay the guy a tidy sum for it.  it\'s unbelievable that it could survive a fall that far.',1
'msn\'s token bigot idiot,... rt in nashville ...',1
'dear men, get the hell over yourselfs, i have 3 kids. ! my oldest isnt mine but i still care for her and love just **** much i love my own kids. my 2 kids i have been taking care of everyday of theyre lives without theyre father because he wants nothing to do with them. you ever stop to think that that mabe wha happend with her or that not all those kids are hers that they may also be step kids. before you judge anyone mabe you should get to know them. i stop being so damn hard on women for evey ****in thing we do.',1
'nice grammar, sh!t-fer-brains - keep exposing your ignorance. now you are an expert on law? earlier today you went to medical school, remember? great thing about the internet - even a sorry, ignorant, uneducated loser like you can pretend to be anything he dreams of. your pathetic pretenses make me sad....',1
'30 rock does not appeal to people who cannot spell \'syndication\', lee.  you need a triple digit iq to find anything remotely funny about it because so much of the humor involves laughing at the intellectually and emotionally crippled among us - including myself.  you will find that you can get your head around abc\'s wipeout more easily.  even cadavers get that program\'s level of stimulation.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.',0
'it is terribly nieve to  blame doctors alone for the existence of antibiotic-resistant  ​  bacteria. or for that fact, to even hold them largely responsible.  do your homework and you will find the following to be true: "according to new data just released by the food and drug administration (fda), of the antibiotics sold in 2009 for both people and food animals almost 80% were reserved for livestock and poultry." this problem began at the end of wwii when farmers started using pk3 fertilizers (created as a by-product of excess quantities of sulphur and magnesium from munitions manufacturing).  large farm tracts appeared, and the demise of the small farmer began.  to cut costs the companies that operate these large tracts stopped fertilizing with manure and stopped rotating crops. as a result, the food fed to people and animals became nutritionally difficient and the result was sicker animals and people.  interestingly, the plants themselves became less resistant to natural preditors (bugs) and thus the use of pesticiedes increased further contributing to our medical woes.  ultimately, i believe, this is all about chasing the almighty buck and you and i will continue to pay with ou',1
'if you do as you are suppose to do you have nothing to worry about',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'we shouldn\'t buy cars from japan for several reasons. look up the trade agreements japan has. basically they can sell anything they want over here, while we are severely restricted as to what we can sell over there.',1
'are you single? my name is blair and i created ~~~~richbachelor~~~~  ​ ~(bing it); my site is completely free and we generate about 800,000 relationships a year. most of our users are wealthy single professionals who want to meet someone. but don\'t take our word for it. go to test and verify , you\'ll believe.',0
'orign oil    no stock?',1
'thank god!!!!!!',1
'clint eastwood has had seven children with five different women...and most of them out of wedlock.  so i find his audacity to stand up and publically criticize our truly \'family valued\' president....nothing  ​  but disgusting and beyond hypocritical.  what i really can\'t understand is why all the republicans who "propose to stand for moral and family values"... continue to praise mr. eastwood....whose own personal example has been anything but.',1
'it\'s not a stupid question, especially for the thousands of naturists in the u.s. and around the world. to me, that question is irrelevant to the story anyway; rather, those who comment here should comment on the growing problem in san francisco and related issues, not something else.',1
'it\'s this kind of ad that turns normal people off of a product.if you think life is funny making men out of monkeys it sure turns people off of your product. i for one resent this and will not drink your product again. there\'s better products available without monkey business advertisements.  you have no class, just ignorance. i think joe biden has been drinking to much of the washington  cool aid.',1
'i remember the sort of beginnings of rap music back in the 80\'s. the kids banging on plastic drums and pots and pans.. whatever they could use to make sound on the streets. i guess those city street music has come back to us all the way from korea. how interesting.',1
'who the hell cares about these celebrities and who they sleep with. they    didn\'t invent it.',1
'how do you make change with gold? in silver, dude.that\'s why people who buy gold also buy silver. gold is saved for the major needs and emergencies. silver is used for daily trade. look it up. for every ounce of gold bought, buy ten ounces of silver. that\'s the proper formula. these days anyway. or, for every tube of gold, buy 5-tubes of silver.',1
'happy family!!!    maybe she met her husband on rίchhookup',0
'yea yea yeah... i once saw someone do that with steel using magnetic forces! got that?!?! an entire sculpture!! in real life and not some lab!!     ooopsy, did the advil wear off?? please, do enlighten me... while i go look at the clouds that are nothing but water drops suspended in the air.',1
'what barrio did u grow up in martinez? i would think she\'d be used to "thugish types".',1
'it is not that the kids are learning about sex,  it is that they are being sexually assaulted.  free mason cults use an operating system called sound and point  to force  kids body to have nocturnal emissions.  this behavior from the free masons is not within the law of the federal government. this kind of abuse is not going to go unpunished',1
'i prefer my hoods to my un-masssked face\'sss yum yummy! i like to licks to ssssuck my mikey! yum yummy!',0
'depend on the size of the pay-checks',0
'i think msn left out that he also takes steroids.',1
'omg!  looks like texas has cornered the market in bigots and homophobes!  let\'s keep them all there where they can\'t pollute the rest of a free society.',1
'to the msn editor who is in charge of finding out whom is a ****...**** you! the world is falling apart at the seems and all you mother****ers can do is write about the gays, fluff stories and kiss obama\'s ****ing ****.   how do you like me now?',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'"that being said" is top 3 annoying phrases.  saying it twice in three paragraphs makes me want to poke him in his butt with his own drumstick.',1
'and i\'d say you\'re an idiot who milks the tax payers for services not rendered and not needed.',1
'that\'s it! he\'s a conservative republican racist!',1
'bless your hearts...it amazes me how you idiots constantly get off topic. i thought the tread was about new fall tv shows? i guess it\'s true. "give a dog a bone..."',1
'beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetlejuice.    love him. that would be so cool if they did a sequel. can\'t wait to see. come on mr. burton tell us. are you gonna do it? are you are you',1
'they may not be driving the car, but if they lend their car out to someone they are still responsible',1
'i don\'t know? look what happened to the family that owns red bull. they ran a blasphemous ad and a week later the founder died, and last week the heir rear ended a motorcycle cop and killed him. google it.     you reap what you sow.',1
'he\'s a joke.',1
'why investing seems so hard these days?    the world gets wiser. and wise people never do business with al-qaeda.  the real al-qaeda, works on wall street (robbing 99% of investors)     i hope that\'  the entire wall street will starve to death! :d  =)) =)) lol fucckkers!  get a real job you lazy cockroaches!',1
'god must be so saddened by the sinfulness of his once perfect creation!',1
'yolo!!',1
'my mom is 75 and healthy and she still lives the way you described (minus the smoking). i live the same way and am healthy as a horse (minus the smoking).',1
'sounds like these cancers of humanity (muslims) need a good dose of good old fashioned american "freedom" in  the form of a couple bombs and/or a bioweapons attack. i\'ve never been a racist person, but now, i can truly say that this group of wild animals deserves to be wiped off the face of the planet without an ounce of guilt.        kill \'em all!',1
'no...and why would i want to be???',1
'he was mounted on obama.',1
'gloom, despair our wrecked economy        deep dark depressing barrack you lied we see        stole our grand children\'s fortunes        and our retirements.  ',1
'to disagree with the president is one thing, but to resort to racist name calling is simply sad.  even worse, it seems like being a racist is a prequalification to being a republican.',1
'and if you are "self employed, you foot the entire 13% plus medicare.',1
'why is it  so hard to go forward this is 2012 not 1950 things do change move with the times my god we do pay congress for doing noting. they do work for use make sure they do there jobs.  stop the anger,hatred,racism and ignorance.',1
'he will show up and if he doesnt he\'s dead.',1
'there is no such thing as going to far to protest muslim scum.. i think we should kill them all.',0
'hell yeah them corn pone suckin folk are angry at everything and suck that food down as their only relief..  they hate east coasters, west coasters, women, smart people, young people, college students, meskins, african americans, yella skin, indians, mooslims, and sikhs!!!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                           ',0
'thanks,   i report them under harassment!   thats just what they do.',1
'why would you say that coldperson, they didn\'t have god in their platform until it was pointed out to them how idiotic that was, and then they backtracked and tried to lie about it!',1
'lets burn down their headquarters and burn their flag and riot in the f..king street.. down with the infidels....o wait..we\'re civilized and just express our distain by blogging...',1
'damn it man!',1
'don\'t you just love articles like this!? instead of listing 1,2,3,4,what these changes are going to be you have to hire an attorney to figure out what this guy is talking about!! oh!, and by the way, have you noticed the same common thread with just about all the other articles!?',1
'i sorry! without sarah palin she is nothing! and mr"i gonna leave america if mr bush is elected president" i really wished you were not a politician(another words you do not keep your words like all the other demoncrats. now will you please move on out of here and go to where the ploar bears crap! now the other shows-gosh i never watched a single one of the other shows.',1
'its amazing how a group of perverts have organized and have convinced a large part of society how "normal" being gay is. and then call anyone a homophobe who does not believe their bull.you are a bunch of nasty degenerates who will be gathered up at some point and eliminated, and i only hope in the worst way possible. the liberal agenda is hell bent on eliminating god from society, yet attempt to shove gays on us. i would love to see the look in your eyes when you realize that your day of reckoning has arrive and now you will have to answer to a higher power.',1
'i play it safe and store my gold under the compost heap. the worms are ok with it and that\'s the last place a burglar would  search. gloves not guns required for safe retrieval.',1
'i\'m a christian and i could care less what dr pecker puts in an ad. it just shows the ingnorance of their marketing team.',1
'it is ovious that the leaders who ruled the united states\' after the civil war ended  truly screwed up.  they should have sent every negro packin\'.  sent them back to  their wretched west african jungles from which they came.  it has been an abominable  outrage for decent people from northern europe to have to actually deal with the negroes.  all the black\'s have ever wanted to do is eat, f##k, sleep, and use drugs.  they are a pox  on everybody.',1
'i know what the webster\'s says....pussy means pussy cat. but not in man talk...white slave masters had sex with slaves for a couple of reason, one because they could. 99% of men would sleep with many women if their wives let them..two. coming out of  the victorian era women weren\'t all that hep on sex it meant child birth and usually there wasn\'t an orgasm in it for them. it was just a duty. the idea of women enjoying sex in the usa really only came about 70 yrs ago after ww2.  how are you gucci? well i hope.',1
'because... haliburton is the dark army inciting chaos worldwide?',1
'jack136: there are also quite a few people who cry wolf about being \'gay bashed\'. that woman in nebraska, charlie rogers do you remember her?  she tied herself up, cut a gay slur into her own stomach and even set her house on fire, then crawled around on her belly naked,...just  for attention. the gay community rushed to her side, kissed her azz and backed her up to the hilt on that one. i don\'t recall any apology being issued to the \'hetero\' community. let us not forget that other moron joseph baken that recently did a backflip on the street and bashed out his own teeth!,..then reported it to the police as a hate crime. that resulted in cries of \'homophobia\' and prompted widespread support from the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. luckily his story was busted wide open, before some innocent men were arrested and jailed on the accusations of some loon. no apology to hetero community was issued in that case either. i think the gay community has a real problem with \'tolerance\', there are a lot of heterophobic gays out there. all one has to do is read the comments here. ',1
'oh dear, i thought bush got obama, cl?',1
'just go to the homo\'s place they\'ll have fun butt raping you like the muslims do.',1
'this show has been one of my favorites if not my favorite since the beginning and i have looked forward to every new season. it is disappointing that it is coming to an end and i really hope that fox does it with style. as someone else has already said, i hope that fox has enough brains to replace it with something as stimulating as this excellent program has been and not another stupid dumbed down so called "realistic" load of crap.',1
'3 hours ago         this week is obamas 911. you see whats going on in all muslim country\'s right now. he should be talking about this and this only. yes he has said some things..        whats going on right now sort of reminds me of a bar fight.       have you ever been in a bar to fight, or witness a fight, or been a bouncer?  i have.   the chickens make apologies  and get out as fast as they can, then they go home and tell their friends and family a completely different story. talk tough, act bad.    well that\'s what i think obamas doing right now. talk sh-t  doing nothing. hell he will even give the brother hood the ',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'hate getting tickets but here in so. fla., people will double down and go through the lights way into the red. i think it\'s a regrettable but useful and necessary technology that should be implemented everywhere. and never mind who the driver is, the owner should know who was driving their car when/where and they can go work it out with the offender. and be better off for the knowledge of the reckless driving of their car sorry, i hate rules, too. but there are really mad, mad drivers endangering all the good ones and that\'s the greater wrong.',1
'ridiculous statement totally absurd no one should advocate slavery.your comment seem to harbor true ill feelings towards blacks are you intimidated in someway by blacks? i\'m just saying!',1
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'recently, i found a hot place -- boomercupid -- where many older people like meeting others there.  i\'m an older women from us, i also like discuss love with older men on it! love is not noly belong to young people.                 ',0
'thank you for your concern,,,,face some of your friends and family and explain why,,,help the cause and lets not just hope but put some work in,,,,,we must',1
'idiot',1
'no, that right is reserved for the homeless.',1
'yes i have been nude in public but you couldn\'t see my dick, it was in her. her not him.',1
'amen brothers and sistersgod is alive and well',1
'floating    the original conversation however was not based upon abortion.  it was based upon religious extremism. after some extensive research i also found atheist extremism.  everyone has skeletons in their closet.',1
'it should sell pretty good there they have a large muslim community don\'t they ?',1
'sorry.. v-neck tee shirts are gay.',1
'yes, it was at a nude beach when i was little. it was all fun and games until that creepy guy in the van started watching.',1
'a beautiful photo , wish  this will happen again and again .',1
'my father went to work for the national park service back in the middle 30\'s and in taking his physical the test for t b literally went off the chart.  the doctors were quite shaken on what to do until a well versed wizened md started asking him questions.   "where did you grow up/"  "on a farm in upstate new york."  "did you have cows?"  "yes."  "did you drink the milk fresh?"  "yes."  "well then i think we know why you are imune to t b and show up positive to the disease." "he is fine." ',1
'its just italian garbage at the end of the day no matter if they put a 15 speed transmission in it.  what i want to know is why crapslers powertrain is soo crappy and behind the times?  gm gets 37 mpg in the new malibu with e-assist and a 6 speed.  crapsler needs an 8 speed to get 31 mpg out of the 300 and a 9 speed to maybe get 39 mpg in the 200?  the 4 speed impala right now gets 30 mpg.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'uhhh, fuzzman did you just start paying attention? this once great nation went to hell when yall voted to put us in the bush\'s twice! our constitutional freedoms began to erode when the right wing nutballs let bush and binladen scare them into surrendering our privacy rights, racking up debt for wars and tax cuts... i could go on.. it seems to me like most of the modern day republicans, you have no idea what\'s been happening to america, and no idea what you are really supporting when you line up to vote. although i am getting sick and tired of you folks trashing america, jesus said forgive them for they know not what they do. .',1
'who phuqs you in the ssa? your musblim mama?',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'big as liar as you are you should run for office.',1
'looks like a freak',1
'did anyone notice no one from this group has killed anyone or caused uprisings like the cult islam has? it speaks volumes about the truth is that cults are brainwashed savages who cannot stand anyone calling them out for their insanity and love of killing. if this happened to the cult of islam we would already have dozens of people dead.',1
'good... getting under your skin. go get a real life and earn your keep. financier is a coward\'s career.',1
'ignorance and stupidity are alive and well in texas, along with racism and hatred. it\'s called trickle down moronity, you have one big moron at the top and his stupidity flows down to the masses  who eagerly await word from above.  this poor bozo really thinks that he has done something good.. depriving people of an education because of their sexual orientation is just one example of outrageous ignorance and bigotry promoted by trickle down moronity. these people are  so full of hate they can\'t stand themselves much less anyone who might be a little different. it is time for all mankind to realize that the great spirit made us all and we are all entitled to the same things,  life, freedom,  love. to love thy fellow man is the greatest gift that man can give to mankind. for at that time when man reaches out with love and understanding to his fellow man, then we can truly call ourselves human.',1
'i think he should be fired !!!! people, especially in this country, should not be in fear of retaliation for being who they are.they are there to learn a trade to become productive citizens. their sexual preference is not his business or anyone elses.',1
'you need to get your priorities in order.  perhaps if you found a nice church to join it might help.  they could council you in how to handle cope with all of your mental anguish that seems to be weighing so heavily on your poor mind.',1
'no. if we keep god on money, why not add harry potter or spider-man? they are all fictional like god.',1
'and why would i live  anywhere near damn mexico?',1
'oh and just remember what party was in control when the viet nam war started and got the military industrial complex rolling.',1
'cool stuff.  i am a bit of a history buff myself.  "trust", now there is a rare thing.        once again, i am honored. :)       your a rare gem, take care, be well and have a wonderful week!  :)',1
'that...just doesn\'t look right. i\'m sorry.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'if she is to be eventually the soulmate to the king, let her not get to frisky with her body. no class, hardly, but this is stupid.',1
'well at least the christians are not destroying dr. pepper, as the muslims do, or the naacp do, or any other liberal organization.    i know people always bring up about what the christian did thousands of years ago, the past is the past , lets talk about today.  like i always tell my kids or others who ask for my abvice, you can\'t change the past, ask god to forgive you and ask the people who you hurt to forgive you and move on. learn from your mistakes.  just like the blacks . they want to live in the past. today they go to the same schools, restaurants, movie theaters, us the same restrooms, live in the same communities, ride any where on the bus,train, or plane, shop at the same markets as the white people do.  but if you listen to the naacp, jessie jackson, al sharpton, sheila jackson lee, you would think that these thing still',1
'please do not send your tx  queers to mexico     did not know i couldent use fag no free speach here',1
'apparently not very many people are willing to buy a volt however many are willing to buy cars like the prius. i think this means that price is still more important than fuel economy.',1
'lets dont forget that there are millions of these ragheads already in this country, and like 911 they are waiting for the word to start the attacks our soil again;  if we didn\'t have a muslim pos president these people would be ordered out of america!!  these are obamas people, and it is his fault!  wake up in november;  its probably your last chance!',1
'whose been phuqing you in the ssa, your mama?',1
'i think women spend too much time and money on appearance in general, when the work that needs to be done is within them... men are just as bad.',1
'just think when all the peeing kids grow up, will they be housebroken or will they continue the tradition of their youth?...     think about all the grown spoiled brats we have now, at least most don\'t pee in the streets.....',1
'hello,       your snarky remark was totally unnecessary.    what makes you think this woman does not have a husband?   you sound like a loser and a twit.   i don\'t even know what you mean by,     "spare those of us who do not make it our practice to heathen breed aka manufacture babies...nor our dna--".  translate please.     don\'t worry about her. worry about the huge numbers of unwed mothers in the united states who are having babies out of wedlock every day. we are all supporting those children. that\'s why the u.s. government has no money. learn to worry about important things. you are, obviously, young. grow up. and lighten up. life is not a bowl of cherries but it\'s not a dark cloud either. it\'s what you make it.',1
'and how do you know who has or has not got laid, um you must really get around ! and i heard those that brag about it, ain\'t really getting it at all !',1
'maybe when they have proven they can keep all of our children safe from sex offenders, like keeping track of them, then they should entertain the idea of protecting animals. until then its simply a matter of priorities and whose on first?',1
'i appreciate your kind words micowboy. you\'re a good man.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'it never ceases too amaze me how utterly stupid and  heartless some people can be!!!! all of these so called cyber bullies that have been saying these ugly bad things about  lizzie should be put  on the spot for once just so they too can feel just what lizzie feels when they  say  horrible ugly things about her. lizzie never ever asked too be born this way, our lord and savior jesus christ made her this way,and he did it for a reason,after all everything he does he does purposely. maybe lizzie hasn\'t figured out just what our lord and savior jesus christ has in store for her as of yet, but she will some day and i hope it will be some day soon. god bless you lizzie, i think your a very very beautiful person, unlike all of the people that say bad things about you, they are the ugly one\'s. not you. god bless you sweetheart.',1
'pedophiles are pedophiles.  they aren\'t homosexuals.',1
'brian looks like you pooped the bed.',1
'i like gold , and i find an ounce a day ..ha ha ha , oh and mitt romney is a mormon a non believer, thinks the bible is a lie , and ryan was a boyscout..dana patrick wants to be secretary of state',1
'are you nuts, h?     we can\'t live without water. there will be plenty of reason to sell water - there is now.     for the most part tap water in the us is good quality, you are right there... but it is getting harder and harder (and more expensive) to produce that quality as more and more pollutants wind up in the water that gets purified for drinking.     soon that simply will not work and we will have to go to large-scale steam distilling. and that will require energy... because we simply can not live without water. we can live without gas, but not water.',1
'it\'s a start. the way people are heading in there thinking. anti-christian then anti-god. i\'m sick of the way my country is thinking of are creator. maybe all of you atheist should just leave? god was here first. besides we\'ll see who the cry babies are "if" and when obama gets re-elected and when shari law comes in, and the muslims tell you what to do and think just before they behead you. then you can cry and laugh at the christians if you still want?',1
'i have them in my yard getting into the garbage and dog food every so often,,,,,,i like to see them playing with the paint ball ammo i shoot at them !!!',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'luckily the castro district is in some kind of a weird bermuda triangle place. i have lived in the bay area for over 10 years and i\'ve been to san francisco hundreds of times but i still don\'t even know where the castro district is and i don\'t want to know. most of city is pretty normal although there are a lot of freaks. i think to find the castro district you have to skip down the yellow brick road wearing a dress with dorothy and the tin man.',1
'i had no idea what that babbling old fool was talking about, other than disrespecting the office of the president of the united states..',1
'i see so many comments on here about how everyone wants the government to provide everything for them, but i do not understand that concept. i would rather pay less in taxes the bare minimum, and keep more of my money to use it to take care of myself and my family. work for a living , pay for my own college, have some money left over to save and invest and have a chance to enjoy retirement.     i am more then willing to opt out of paying for all these social programs i do not use and never will use, because as long as i have a brain and a body i can find work to earn money and live. i have 20 years completed in the military i am now finishing my college degree, which i am paying for and will be startig a second career working as hard or as long every year as i so choose so i can enjoy my time with my family. is it easy? no, but the old saying is true the best lings in life are not easy. there are many jobs and bussiness out there who will help people pay for their college and other ',1
'the biggest problem with gays is they expect the world to give them special treatment. when they don\'t get it they yell discrimination. the world does not revolve around gays.    this is the same problem that the military is going to have. gays thinking they deserve special treatment. now when a gay person does not get promoted they will yell discrimination. that person may not deserve promoted but because he/she is gay they will sue when they do not get promoted.     and for the record, you are not born gay. it is a decision you make on your own to become gay.    and again for the record, just because someone doesn\'t like gays does not make that person a homophobe. calling a person a homophobe just shows your ignorance. a phobia is a fear of something. most straight people do not  fear gay people. we may pity them, or they may disgust us but 99% of straight people do not fear gay people.',1
'i like when he mocks religious silliness.',1
'hey, old army soldier; the ncaa?  you dumb old a s !',1
'but the question is, how long did it take you to earn that dollar for dinner in relation to how long it takes today to earn the same dinner.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'@gene so what?....stfu grunt.',1
'these **** papps do drive celebrities crazy!!!  can you imagine, us regular folk, going out to dinner, on a new date, shopping, picking yer nose, scratching yer **** and having some freak with a camera capture it all!  then get married, have kids and have your poor innocent children become victims to the papps?  its relentless .....there needs to be laws inacted to protect people from such invasive cameramen, all for a picture!!  its disgusting!  yes, you are a celebrity and to a degree what you do "some public" people want to know but damn when do u draw the line?       i would give it up because its not worth all of the bad side',1
'is that john stewart off the daily show?  you need to start watching fox news',1
'oh. well, now, that makes sense! thank you.',1
'====richbachelor====  ​ =--the millionaire matchmaker works for serious singles! meet rich, wealthy, gorgeous, beautiful, hot singles for romance, dating and enduring relationships. with the unique certified millionaire system, you can directly find real millionaires, wealthy men, gorgeous singles. date a millionaire can never be easier! with the background verification system, you can easily find someone real, serious, quality. sign up for your membership and join and contact hundreds of thousands of like minded members now!',0
'can\'t you read?   look at the post below you.',1
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'so that\'s what sandusky used to lure in all of those young boys.',1
'it\'s san francisco, the older population are the ones parading around in their birthday suit.',1
'if i was this flexible, i\'d spend all day sucking my dick.......',0
'totally cool!!!',1
'didn\'t understand a word but i\'m thinking it has something to do with horseback riding?',1
'yike...it is not attractive at all...',1
'who cares?  american idol is way past its use by date.  the voice is much better.',1
'interesting',1
'you are one hot broad.too bad i want men only lmao lmao lmao thugsrule.',1
'we are all human and imperfect, we can all make mistakes, it is how we re-act to them and handle them afterward that matters.  it also has to do with how many times this person you care about, has made the same mistake and how many times you are willing to forgive them?  they just may have done it one too many times!  if there is honor, love, respect and a desire to forgive, then great, if not, that sucks!',1
'maybe the fed is still leaving out gas prices and food costs in their calculations for col (cost of living index. how on god\'s green earth can anyone actually believe we are better off after four years of obama? that is totally insane.',1
'they got to be making this **** up.',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'the video is acting up, but from whatever snippets of it i can hear, he sounds good.  summer is awesome.',1
'the problem with most younger americans is they don\'t think it can happen here. their lives have been reasonably financially secure. now with 23 million unemployed and who knows how many foreclosed homes you should be getting a clue.     my father lived through the great depression and actually made a good living in the family act in vaudeville. i listen and learned from my father including the depression stories     there is film out there of the soup lines and millions of homeless. do a search and see for yourself.  dumping more money down a drain will not fix the economy in 4 more years or 40 more years.',1
'no champ , that\'s for sure. there is no definition or cut. forearms way out of proportion. on middle aged women those are called wings. flab , not impressive at all.',1
'be nice patrick...',1
'unfortunatly,it would depend on what kind of insurance you had,i know it sounds stupid but its true.insurance companies dictate what they will cover and what they wont,and how long you stay.once they stop covering they release you,and tell you a story that you believe.',1
'replacement refs doing more than an adequate job in the nfl. don\'t see much of a problem. just goes to show that regular people can do the job as well as, if not better than, union folks.',1
'how sweet for them. i finished at a 5 year low.',1
'the shame of it all, an italian chrysler. the 200 in its current styling will never compete even if it has a 9 speed transmission which by the way is a waste of gears. the camry, altima and sonata will have the lion share of the market. when i look to purchase a vehicle i do not even consider chrysler. any company that cannot manage itself, needs to be bailed out by the government twice and still can\'t get it right deserves to go down the tube.',1
'so now another bastion of perversion has been uncovered we all perceived as being safe once upon a time. i feel for the scouts and hope there\'s a special hell reserved for the perpetrators. what\'s nice is that there will be plenty of priests to hear "confession."',1
'"john robert was not able to get his lunch today he ate his muffins."  ladies and gentlemen, he did not starve.  he ate his muffins.  perhaps it wasn\'t enough, but he did not go completely without.  just the same as the school has an obligation to our children, so do our very own parents.       we don\'t know what the full circumstance is or what steps the school took to have the account fixed.  the parent 100% agrees there was a default...well, how long is the school to let that go on for?       so the next time we\'re all sitting around beating up people on welfare and food stamps and how they get to eat off our tab, just remember, it\'s just basic human needs and we\'re all entitled as i have read below.  seriously, how is the school situation here different?',1
'do your kids know that their father is the spawn of satan himself?',1
'did they sleep together? i didn\'t hear that part. just heard that they cheated on their partners, with each other. i don\'t think it was printed or said how far it went (unless i missed it).',1
'all because of one gutless pathetic ex porn director tried to scam off of anti muslim sentiment that there\'s an unrest somewhere else. he who calls name is that he? is that right? an unintelligent philanderer has billions of followers after some 1400 years since his death, and he was unintelligent? really? the coward unintelligent pandering porn director sounds like more fitting to that image. i guess selling porn wasn\'t profitable enough, or to get his name in the prints. i find such action, freedom of speech or not, that such blatant exploitation and such disrespect for someone, no matter how much you disagree with that person, to be beneath human dignity at its core. but then, what do we expect from a porn peddler...     hate is a very negative reactionary emotion. if someone is directing that emotion towards you, that\'s because you did something to bring that negative emotion. we don\'t sit around hating a rock on the ground, for it did nothing to hurt us.',1
'i see people nude everyday in the castro area.  they have no respect  for children walking in the area or commuting on muni.',1
'an incorporated area adjacent to our larger city banned them altogether because all the business suffered a 50% loss of customers because of the cameras. the shoppers simply  chose to shop   in another section of town, as a result the store owners as well as the  local government lost so much revenue that many of the business shut their doors in turn cut out the business tax revenue and almost cause the city to go into bankruptcy because of a total loss of revenue. the greedy idiots in  power finally realized " hey we\'ve bit the hands of those that have paid our salaries" and voted to take all the cameras down, but the damage is already done and many of the customers will never shop in that part of town again . many of them say they will avoid that part of town altogether.  good enough for the greedy politicians that only know one phrase "raise taxes and government revenue at all cost".  do politicians think??',1
'msn, you\'ve went out of your way to trash every other american institution. you might as well trash the boy scouts of america too, just because of they wouldn\'t allow a gay bs leader!',0
'wow, out of all the comments only a couple have seen breaking  bad or don\'t like it.  it is without a doubt one of the best shows on tv. i love it.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'in 1913 a dollar was actually worth a dollar.     if i bought dinner for $1.00 in 1913 ...........the same dinner would cost me $23,27 today. simple inflation.     do the math on your salary and see how much you are actually making. by printing all this money for the banks inflation will rise and so will interest rates. that\'s no way to fix the economy...',1
'you want to be famous this is what happens .... stop doing what your doing and maybe they would leave you alone. you need to grow up and respect the laws like the rest of us have to. tmz  is just letting us all know your breaking the law. you need help little girl.',1
'it is interesting that msnbc ignores everything that ms. pelosi said for 120 seconds, which is really worth listening to, and makes a controversy over what she said in the last 7 seconds of the video clip.  like most of the press, there is just too much focus and importance attibuted to the superficial and trivial, while ignoring virtually anything and everything that is worth reporting and discussing.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.  ​ ​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i hear that your life has been an "epic nightmare" ever since you lost that steady mall cop job. ever get that ssi thing worked out for your mental disability claim? i know you\'re trying to prove your case, but do you really gotta do it here?',1
'he is a manufacturer!!! dammit that\'s an important distinction don\'t you know? it is interesting to watch his soul become more and more corrupted, losing his conscience, becoming a narccistic feelingless man, of course i told my husband you knew this was happening when he poisoned jessie\'s girlfriend\'s son!!!',1
'while doing so, are you ignoring your lunch partner?  are you having so much fun replying that you use your \'evil\' laugh so loudly that it upsets children?  are you talking out loud as you text, "he pinched my titties so hard they still hurt!"  think about it, i sat next to a table where one of the peolpe texted through the entire meal, and didn\'t eat a bite, after ordering a rather expensive lunch. (for me anyway) she was someone\'s guest and did not reach for her share when it came time to pay.  i saw the \'look,\' and doubt she will be welcomed for lunch with them any time soon.',1
'when you have a consonant  such as "whoa, this is a beautiful car"  should be preceded with that a, if you have a vowel "an" should preced it. "whoa, this is an easy wonderful etc car!  when you have an  outfit the size of an island you should have someone that can use correct  verbiage.  mrs lewis townsend jr high, tucson az 1964.  also stop with the "if i was" it is subjunctive mood, and shoud be "if i were".  best wishes, nancy',1
'federal workers can retire at 56 currently and the age is going up depending on what age group you are in. i am 53 and worked for the federal gov\'\'t for 33 years. i could retire at 55 and 6 months of age, but my pension would be too small since it is only one of three factors, pension 401k and ss. i can\'t afford to retire at 56.5 years thanks to wall street screwing with my 401k. not to mention a pay freeze for the last three years, increases in health care premiums and gopers wanting me to pay more into my pension, which don\'t pay much to begin with. all of these things after 30 years of promises from them and playing by the rules by me.  federal workers are not the enemy!! the rich want us all to fight amongst ourselves while they sneak off to the cayman islands with all the loot!',1
'www.thefreedictionar  ​ y.com/allegedly - share  shared on google+.   you +1\'d this publicly. represented as existing or as being as described but not so proved; supposed. al·leg ed·ly ( -l j d-l ) adv. usage note: an alleged burglar is someone who has ...',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.                   ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'@man on man... first off the god particle, aka higgs boson, has nothing to do with god what so ever.    i\'ve come across a lot of your misinformed, uneducated, idiotic & completely backwards post here on msn  and you are positive proof that ignorance is bliss...',1
'your one big d*** a**',1
'and then no one will pay their bills',1
'its like trying to shove "the new normal down our throats.. its not normal',1
'stfu!!!',1
'rt - i know you\'re more intelligent than that.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'quit lying.  i consider myself left of center, but i don\'t condone public sex and nudity.',1
'i don’t know where you live but i have been in numerous cities that when the light turns green for you, you have to count to ten before you go.  that is the approximate number of cars that continue going through the intersection after the light has turned red for them.',1
'i\'m sorry but msn runs pro gay stories non stop, which is all part of their evil gay agenda to try and get people to engage and participate in the evil, sick, and perverted sin of homosexuality!  why doesn\'t msn try to get people to participate in all the sins, like hey everybody lets rob banks, rape, pillage, and murder all you want, because those sins are good for our society also.  there is a reason why you can\'t name a single sin that is good for any society, and homosexuality is 100 percent considered a sin by god, jesus christ, and the holy bible.      do these people really not realize that people are happy when gay pedophiles are weeded out, and kept away from their innocent kids.  i don\'t care how they do it, i don\'t want gay pedophiles around my kids, if you want you kids to hang out with gay pedophiles  then send your kids to jerry sandusky camp, but leave my kids out of it, i want them to make a million lists if that is what it takes to keep every single gay pedophile away from my kid!',0
'you would be speaking german now.',1
'i bet you still eat your mamas stinky pu....!',1
'jason;chuck and lisa have arrived on this side;hope they can make some connections in the circuit.',1
'who said i have a drivers license?',1
'i hope ,robert and kristen will be together , if he still love her and she love him.why not?everybody make mistakes, but  have chance , both are very young ,can be  happy  again.  i wish the best   for  robert and kristen.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'creative ad; doesn\'t attack my christian ideals in the least.',1
'man on man... just curious...you keep saying msn promoting gay stuff...  do you really think it true? isn\'t mr. gates a married man with children? i\'m not so sure if he\'d like anything happening to his kids, be they gay or not? violence and invading one\'s right have nothing to do with one being gay or not.... any parent would see enough red to want to kill anyone hurting their children... this being a civilized society is what has been keeping things progress the way it has. sometimes i don\'t like it. sometimes i can almost swear that i could shoot someone for hurting others... but then, we are not allowed to do that in this society. we all live and learn, i suppose.',1
'no.',1
'bugs smugs  eat bugs  bring it on baby.',1
'her fingers',1
'i wonder how much global paid him to hold those knives lol',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.                ',0
'thank you. she\'s my niece and she already means the world to me.  reading the cruelty on this thread really hit me with a dose of reality.',1
'yes, i think it went to far! because you don\'t have faith or don\'t understand or agree doesn\'t mean that people should be okay or "turn the other cheek" when you do things like this. freedom of speech, yay, yay, but at the same time accountability. i just don\'t have the words, you people are out of control and wonder why the world is going to hell in a handbasket!',1
'i remember back in the late 60’s when they were first developing traffic cameras.  there was an article in the paper, with a picture of a car caught doing over 70 in a 30 mph zone.  the car was mine and i was the driver.  the road was a little used wide smooth back road they were conducting the test on.  i did not get a ticket, but whenever i was on that stretch of road after that i stayed with in the speed limit.       quite frankly i support the use of traffic cams feeling they are more reliable than a police officer that is having a bad day or needs to fill a quota.',1
'perhaps if nancy pelosi walked around nude in sf they would vote her out of office (or at least gouge their eyes out).',1
'rofl, this after all the other un-christian like things you christians do? my god! you bunch of apes, learn to walk and talk properly for christ sakes...',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'you need to clean youre friggin loop then',1
'i do not like any school teaching that gay is ok or normal in any way. at home i teach them  that gays are not normal and they are sick people.or misguided by bad ideals  we feel sorry  for them.',1
'in portland??  kind of stupid.  it will be raining soon and then how smart will she seem?',1
'if obama is re-elected, he will really, really   find out what it is like to inherit a real mess this time.',1
'nudity doesnt bother me. and yes i have. everyone has. we are born naked. the hospital is considered public.',1
'no! unless you count changing into my bathing suit today in a parking lot across from the beach i was at today. or when i was an infant, in my mom\'s care\' having my diaper changed. or a couple of times i was skinny dipping with my girlfriend in her backyard pool, at night, with no lights on. technically i haven\'t ever been in a public place, naked, without being discrete.',1
'nah, i trust you!!  i like history and had to read more  :)',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'breaking bad is the best show on tv.',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'bakfiets is a dutch invention. bak = box and fiets = bike.',1
'i don\'t see any japanese cars on the list which  are the best used cars in my book  i have a 79 datsun  280zx 34 years old and nobody has ever had a wrench on the engine or transmission other than spark  plugs this list is nothing but a pile of junk. maybe  the focus and mitsi  may be  worthy, and i have own  cars over  60 years',1
'i guess they should have spellchecked their signage, first. right, the truth speaker 43?  you should just shut your ignorant trap, now.  english is probably their second or third language. and i\'ll bet you barely have a grasp on english yourself. you are american, i presume.  your post is the biggest joke, a h0le.',1
'if the economy had turned around for the amateure in the big house, you would have only heard i, me, i did that, there would be no blame that you didn\'t build that, it would have been all about me, i did that, he has such a self-serving way with words when it benefits him, the omnipotent one, notice he\'s not taking possession of his economy, george, george bush, uh, he built that, four years later, yeh! it was him, he built that. problem is, you asked for the job because you mr. bigshot said back in 08, i, i can build that, vote for me. well, fact is yes you did build that, four years of a sorry economy, the pay backs to your buddies, your payoffs to the unions, yes you did build that, now that you have built that, we have the worst debt the country has ever seen, the lousiest job market since jimmy carter and your boy bernanke  has now become the pseudo leader of the free market, i love that word, free market, only it means everyone line up for food stamps and welfare, for you. i would bet, if you got every tax increase you ask for, the debt will still go higher because you have no intention of paying it down, you just want more of your free markets, handouts. letting you run our ',1
'remember just a month ago, many fox commentators and cal thomas shamed us that we as americans cannot boycott a company since they have first admendment rights as well.  (chic fa lay was the cause at the moment).  therefore we cannot boycott dr. pepper and as a matter of fact i am calling for a day, sept 20th for everyone to go to their nearest convience store and fast food place to buy a dr pepper.  who is with me on this.  sure there may be protest but cal thomas and fox will support us.',1
'it\'s evident that romney doesn\'t wear a rubber to bed!  and ann doesn\'t know what birth control is!     but i wonder, does he prefer safe sex with the same sex or does he go bareback riding?',1
'hey someone,   are you the same "someone" that keeps spamming datingsites?   if you are then were more than tired of putting up with your bs!',1
'i have never been on facebook.',1
'kill kanye  kardashian,electrocu  ​ te them,white men want white females.pass miscegenation laws again,my blog is legal,to vote death penalty for white race mixers polluters.black men hate their black ladys,white men dont want the negro rejects.deport all blacks to africa,everybody blog death penalty for white race mixers with any non white.',0
'aw bless her little cotton socks......i\'m sure she\'ll be fine, you sound a lovely charitable woman,and i wish you and your family well.    : )',1
'lostyomind proves my point...yuk yuk.',1
'i am so glad to see that some of my favorite shows did not make it on this list!!!',1
'that horse is copping a feel.',1
'left wing media rubbish and stupidity.  skewed facts, as usual.  100% fact free, guaranteed!       this once great nation has gone straight to hell under the obama regime.  i fear for our future, both short term and long term.  in just four short years, our constitutional freedoms have been eroded like never before seen in my lifetime, my parent\'s lifetimes, or those of my grandparent\'s and great grandparent\'s.  sad to think of, when we started as imigrants with nothing; coal miners in w. virginia, and cotton farmers in southern alabama.',1
'the dumbest are the ones that like you.',1
'so gays aren\'t allowed in the organization, but they\'ll protect male scout leaders who brutalize little boys?',1
'wow....guiness doesn\'t take the records serious anymore if they are allowing this joke into the record books. that arm isn\'t even a normal arm.... looks really bad.',1
'what you don\'t realize is that romney (and his friends) would be the only ones with the money.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'to any government official my post was a joke.  i would not buy face book in the first place.',1
'vamoos, asap to all islahmistz n\' all moslems too!  go away from our usa, bakk to yur "cesspool" of yeeeeeehaawdissst "fool"s from whence you came. seriously - - -  go home neanderthalz.',1
'mia trash, i believe the director\'s wife divorced him and took their two kids with her. he paid a big price and will no doubt be paying again and again, month after month for many years to come for his little dalliance. i hope it was worth it. no?',1
'==♀==richbachelor==♂  ​ ==(bing it) is a focused rich men dating site where you can chat with successful men and beautiful women.  we have been running rich men dating service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of rich men and quality women to find their matches.  have a try, please! everyone has the right to seek their soul mate.',0
'pelosi is correct.  obama is going to win.  easily.',1
'ok maher since you are against religion, now lets see you mock mohammed .',1
'it\'s probably appropriate in most of the communities in which some yokel would think of having a "prey and predator day".  maybe they should have a "pray and drone day" in pakistan,',1
'occupy wall street. operation overthrow us government 2012.',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'martyrs get all the hot chicks.',1
'i am a follower and believer, the ad does not offend me in any way, it is just an ad.         regarding what christians did 1000 years ago, again a poor example of the teachings of christ, to have a clearer picture of how and what followers of the way acted and believed you would have to research the first 300 years of the faith which i have done, totally different in what we were taught about christianity.',1
'wow a 100 pages of comments over this crap. you people just want to argue about nothing don\'t you?...........dr. pepper sucks and it\'s bad for you.      the figure in the middle is obama, and the one behind him is biden.   i hope that clears everything up...........damn, i have to do everything around here!.',1
'i would be more worried about where mama bear was!',1
'clint doesn\'t really give a crap about what anyone thinks, and guess what?...neither do i.',1
'awsome!',1
'wotsup, what could we expect from a socialist.communist,  ​  who was raised by communists, was drawn to the marxists in college, went to a black nationalist preacher for twenty years (and never heard of  a word the guy said)? if obama\'s goal was to destroy this nation, he could not have taken a more fruitful path.',1
'this has been known for years and it is not a question of gay people it is the pedophiles who are to blame for the molestations, so get it right. those within the scouts who covered all this up to protect the good name of the boy scouts are just as guilty if not more so than the pedophiles who preyed upon the boys',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'==♀==richbachelor==♂  ​ ==(bing it) is a focused rich men dating site where you can chat with successful men and beautiful women.  we have been running rich men dating service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of rich men and quality women to find their matches.  have a try, please! everyone has the right to seek their soul mate.',0
'if a parent doesn\'t choose to make sure their kid has enough lunch money in the account, then it is the parent\'s decision not to let the kid have lunch!  if lunches were given to kids without enough $ in their accounts, lots of accounts would be in the red. bottom line #1:  parents need to be responsible, or their kid[s] go hungry. grow up! bottom line #2:  some people should just never reproduce!',1
'i\'ll stick to the original statement i made when this first broke.  follow the lead of the greatest president in the history of america ronald reagan and fire the lot of them.  these pos union slugs do not want to be accountable for the work they do.  they do not want their evaluations based in part on the quality of the product they serve.  every other working american is evaluated and under the scrutiny of management on a daily basis for quality of workmanship.  why ought the teacher in boston, atlanta, little rock , or the windy city of chicago be any different.  you have negotiated raises annually greater than the projected gdp growth rate, most  americans will not receive cola\'s or this.  i think you need to take your whinny azzes back to work and start educating those young minds that need proper guidance and direction in good citizenship  irregardless of socioeconomic condition of said child.  it is your job!!!  maybe they ought to change things to a right to work industry.',1
'perfect analogy.',1
'what part of the wood shed was he in when they were passin out the brains!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'the environment is just fine... the ladies kids on the other hand look endangered.',1
'we really need more shows with african americans and how other people live  such as other nationally.',1
'a hamster was driving the car next to me yesterday !   soul',1
'just wish the people of san francisco would vote her out of office. but, the good thing is, she\'s not speaker of the house any longer.',1
'any public school that denies a child a lunch should definitely check it\'s priorities. are they a for profit school?     but then again would this make news if the child wasn\'t autistic? nope. it would just be another kid with a bill and everyone would say  too bad. why does autism give special financial  permissions? are the parents autistic? that would make more sense. i don\'t think the kid forgot to cash his paycheck that week or anything like that.     what kind of bu££$h!t news do you toss out msn? it\'s amazing the amount of garbage you have on here.',1
'i see all of mayers drunken doped up fans are falling out of bed now...     you spent all your allowance money your mom gave you last night huh?     welfare checks all gone too? you poor miserable excuses for humans..lmfao',1
'indeed i can, it is lovely.  checking my facts?  ;)  ha!',1
'i lost 50 lbs in the last six months, wasnt hard, took dedication.',1
'then pay for your kids lunches!!!',1
'trunp this jack azz........put a damn bill out there with out all your pork barrel add to it.  give us a jobs bill non-governmental jobs bill.  jobs only, nothing else in the package.  give us an education bill for teachers and education with out the phck\'n pork add to it.  the tuition is a moot point you already handled it no problems. we are glad to work on a farm aid bill, no added pork projects.  you would be suprised how fast it would go through.  btw, farmers hate your dumb stupid azzes, ie; willie and his farm aid helps more than you and i don\'t think willie will put in too many good words for you.',1
'all show and no go.',1
'chuck...from the cap..i will give you kudos for being able to protect your retirement and savings accounts..  most got stung...  but as far as markets or some of those investments recovering...it started in 2008 dec.  then we had a "double dip" correction in mar-apr 2009...  if you had gotten back in in apr-may \'09...we had a tremendous recovery in the markets and certain sectors of the economy...economy here (not really the correct word), but the markets and indexes in certain sectors...recovered extremely well and by late 2009, most people if they had stayed the course in decent companies they would have been fully recovered...we were by jul 23-25th, 2009.  there have been ups and downs since, but overall the trend has been up and up some more.',1
'to anonymouse 1000  the bear cub is not wearing a collar, it has a white stripe on the back of its neck and they\'re on a street probably close to a small village or so. but makes on still wonder, where is mama?',1
'maher is just a dick with ears, with a bunch of butt pirates waiting in line to kiss is ugly mug...or azz',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......richbachelor.​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​(bing it) . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'thank god this show is finally headin were it belongs in the crapper',1
'p.s. pretty girl!!',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'@j bird  could almost of guessed.  lol.   heres a hardy hand shake from rural branch county.  good to see ya!',1
'only 98% of my material is original, i need a break sometime. lol',1
'keep in mind the15.4% tax on romney\'s $20,900,000 is $3,218,600 or about 4 times obama\'s entire income.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'i applaud the christian eagerness to always insert themselves into the position of persecuted victim.  now, toss your head back and give us your best martyristic cry of agony.  damn thee, dr. pepper!  a curse on your sales!  spawn of satan, how dare you pretend to be my friend.  i cast thee out!       good stuff.  always entertaining, you christians are.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'the democrats have more than enough kool-aid to go around from what i\'m seeing...',1
'i hope not.',1
'you start with 8 dollars then by the end of the year the school has to eat thousand of dollars of debt that parents dont pay because they dont think they should have to.  the fact that the child has a disability is not the point.  the point is the parents need to be held accountable.',1
'all her kids have helmets on  ..........    so if you were to hit her then your drivers license should be taken away because you must be blind     joe .',1
'most people i meet already have had their brains melted by the shape shifting aliens with underwater bases and they post every comment made here on their facebook account just because',1
'no but he\'s not alone the police everywhere speed,  we travel a lot and i see cops everywhere speeding without sirens or blue lights. where we live a police officer was involved in a one car high speed  accident that killed his k9 partner and destroyed a $46.000 dollar police cruiser he had just passed an 18 wheeler who estimated his speed to be in excess of 100 mph in the rain.  to the best of my knowledge he\'s still on the job .  where we live there\'s been an issue with undercover sting operations in the 2 local massage parlors they budgeted more than $100k dollars to establish and equip an undercover vice squad  last year, a year has passed the money is gone and the 2 massage parlors are now 3 the local newspaper pressured the chief of police and the mayor to explain, ,,, after repeated articles they finally issued a joint statement stating that the investigation was not cost effective and  no harm to the patrons took place so they dropped the investigation as not cost effective police work,,, even though they\'re illegal in both the city and county. the mayor has asked them to move from the shopping centers to an industrial park nearby. wow!   they wonder why the general public ',1
'this is why it is important to finish your regimen of antibiotics and not quit just because you feel better.  if the bug isn\'t completely killed it can become resistant.     don\'t take antibiotics unless you really need to.  they are overprescribed for children and most adults.  don\'t use antibacterial soaps on your kids,  they need to build up their immune systems by being exposed to germs.',1
'stfu!!!!!',0
'look timmy; another contestant for the stupidity contest.   a human vegetable.  i wonder if he knows  yolo. ?',1
'get out your petri dishes. a new super strain std in the making.',1
'that is what happens to every place in the country that elects dumbocrat. live in the once great state of ny and the dumbos have turned it into a big shxxt hole. welcome anyone who doesn\'t beleive or would like to see what is in store for the rest of the country if you continue to elect dumbocrats. pick a city in ny and not one is fit to live in, and i don\'t mean nyc the 20 blocks in times square they fixed up to fool you dopes. i mean the hard pipe peeps living in the bronx etc. so head my word the clock is ticking we really are running out of time.',1
'they are so open minded in sf all their brains have fallen out.',1
'after reading this.......i\'m still buying gold  (not gold stocks).     but we\'re not buying guns.  (just ammo).',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once. \                 ',0
'good for the principal!!!!!  score one for "normal" people!!!!  there\'s good reason they are called "queer".  look u p the definition.',1
'our kids were the same way. but they really didn\'t mind the public affection from me. i think it is a mommy thing and that is why it embarrasses them. they come back to not minding it again...when they get alittle older of course.',1
'so true.  once a person has betrayed your trust, there will always be a hint of doubt, if not a major discomfort, that this person will stray again.  there\'s something in their basic character make-up that conflicts with their will to be true to their significant other.  if he takes her back, all she has learned is that she can cheat and still get her man back.  no lesson learned at all.',1
'thank you micowboy. :)',1
'don’t know where to find a single lesbian ? you can  go ~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                 ',0
'**** the french',1
'that\'s horrible, what an idiot.',1
'designed to fail. mercedez benz was, once a 2 generation car. not so any longer. just one example, the built in tire pressure sensor. it is a transponder, one for each wheel, powered by a cr 3025 battery, which seldom lasts more than a year. nett result is you wind up replacing the entire sensor, instead of the battery, at least every 2 years, at a cost of approximately $400 per wheel. that is $1600 for 4 wheel sensors. unsroupulous dealers take advantage of it to rip off their customers, with the blessing of mercedez benz , stuttgart. how do i know? i had a problem with my s430 within the first 3 months after i drove the brand new car out of the showroom. repeated complaints to my dealer got me only band aid fixes, that too until expiration of the warranty. the very high tech improvements that influenced my purchase do not work anymore and mb usa is deaf to my complaints. another worthless feature is the command gps. it has not worked properly from the day i drove the car out of the showroom. carefull the entire car is a high priced lemon!!!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'it’s a nice day for a whiii....orange suit wedding, its a nice day to fart again..and that is just what the nervous stomached duo probably did, nervous from two very different turns in life, and on the same day that he got thrown in the slammer he made this woman his wife, but the future of living this way could go either way with a happy relationship or one filled with strife, but i guess the future could also possibly not be there for them, if while in prison this man is stabbed with a knife....but maybe they will make it to the end, especially if they have a mutual understanding that although their relationship may not break, it will for sure bend, because sometimes bad things this life will surely send, causing relationship trauma that simply may not mend, but everything should be alright, especially if to each other’s needs they do tend, such as this woman sending weekly commissary money so this man does not have to ask a crazy inmate if he had a few dollars that he could lend.... for a little comfort they can both sing the song of hibbity, dibbity, bop, and a pee, pie, po, pop!!!!!!!!',1
'tmz ...please stop following her.....you\'re making her think she\'s a star or important. follow some other crack addict. .......plus ....i don\'t think she\'s very good looking',1
'i agree, it\'s better off without human beings. we can\'t build anything that lasts forever; how could we? let\'s all kill ourselves. you first. i\'m right behind you.',1
'huh? you, too, in that case. lol',1
'we are worse off because of obama:     -out of control deficit will last for generations and devalue the dollar in a devastating way.  this is caused by his leadership and lack of budget.  -he resists working with all congress and completely with republicans.  -he is charismatic towards the world but not toward america or americans  -he does not understand that people and businesses who pay taxes are the source of the money the government spens  -he does not have any plan, simply riding along with the sick deficits and barely succeeding in foriegn policy, mostly thanks to hilary\'s good work.  -it has to be the economy front and center with a spirit in america that agrees to fix the economy with less spending a',1
'cute! 甜',1
'i don\'t care what other\'s think i never got tired of watching weeds.  i\'m so disappointed it\'s over.  the finale would have been better if nancy and andy could have finally gotten together.',1
'san francisco will tolerate anything except cigarettes and republicans.',1
'animals were on planet earth before ignorant 2-legged heathen breeders via sperm donors arrived expecting something for nothing aka welfare...amoebic parasites...killing planet earth in self destruction',1
'nooooooo!! on women that is called under arm flab. that is not natural. synthetic to the core.',1
'if we are limiting what a 2 year old can or cannot do, then we have way too much time on our hands. my goodness, have you ever watched a 2 year old?! just silly! haha',1
'when clipping and cutting coupons, keep in mind that:  many are for stuff you commonly don\'t buy  many work well but the store can raise prices on products associated with weekly coupons.  stray away from the buy 2 to get one free fotr you don\'t and won\'t need so much and if spices too many will go bad prior to opening.     to really save funds at the grocery stock up and save. but 2 chickens when on sale and freeze one!  when ingredients go on sale (flour/sugar etc) by 2-3 more than you may need for they will be used and won\'t go bad if contained securely!    ',1
'screw them, tell them to all go find jobs bunch of sissy crybabies. have fun with that...',1
'"i am almost 60...in my lifetime i have not seen a candidate with less scars, less baggage, or more education than president obama....."     what a joke....i will not waste my time contradicting that garbage. what a bunch of koolade drinking commies.',1
'breaking bad is to those other shows what king kong is to a sock monkey.  it\'s the most brilliant series of this century so far, and i\'ll be very sorry to see it end.  but end it must; another couple of seasons and it would turn into a caricature of itself, like the sopranos unfortunately did.  bryan cranston and aaron paul deserve every award they\'ve received and then some.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......richbachelor.​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​(bing it) . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'christians absolutely hate it when you make fun of them, especially when you use sarcasm.  it seems like their faith would help them get over their insecurity issues, but apparently it doesn\'t.  poking fun at them is like handing barney fife two bullets...bad things happen, but in a funny way.',1
'i\'ve said it before and i\'ll say it again. i\'d hate to be a good looking woman. just having to be gaulked at and hit on all the time would get on my nerves, but to be fair i\'ve been around a lot of women that know how to take advantage of it and can play men like fools.',1
'oh boy........who let the troll in?',1
'take a look at on shelf sale tags sometimes they have expired if so remember they should give you the priced marked by law. i have even gone as far to while shopping to pull all the out dated adds off the shelves and throw them in the cart when i get to the counter i tell them here these were all expired and you forgot to pull them boy they hate that. wal-mart has sale prices listed with big tags if you look before the price never really changed or in the meat department they mark save 20 cents a pound by yet they never made a different tag just slapped on the save sticker tell them to take it back and remake the correct price you can save several dollars at a time. beware of the items close to the check out line sometimes they have specials like 3 for a dollar etc yet on the shelf the same item is only 32 cents each i have told them several time listen just ring it up at regular price they say but they are 3 for a dollar  but at regular price they are 96 cents these younger kids cannot add. other package changes are like 60 tables $10.00 but another box says bogo free but they have been change to 30 table bottle that look like same as the 60 table bottles. also look up sometimes t',1
'no you like playing gotcha.., lol....it\'s what you do....   i like correcting your mistakes....and many times your response has nothing to do with my statement as you put it or my questions......    i made a statement about far right evangelic christians, and their impact on the gop and government and you ask me if i\'m an atheist...which has nothing to do with my statement....,changi  ​ ng the subject.,  or the problem i was talking about....or you offered to get rid of all religions.....the duck and weave...',1
'another reason we should be able to "keep and bare arms".  we need our guns, just for this reason.     they can take my multi shell shotgun and 9mm pistol, when they pry them from my cold dead hands!!',1
'yes, shove it up your butt and pull the trigger . make sure it\'s loaded first. a$$hole.',1
'time to bring back solar desalination and/or use algae as fuel.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'r kelly should pee on that kid',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i like pelosi.',1
'mam on man . . . destructive sin-    haha, clever . . . not.    you should know that posting irrelevant nonsense and puerile insults do nothing to further your cause. rather, they simply make you look like a fool.',1
'barny fife\'s twin sister,,,,don\'t thumbs down,,it\'s better than the writers description,,  i just made a simple observation that could well be true,,and if it isn\'t then it a wonder it isn\'t,because i just want to hear her to say ,,hey andy! where\'s opie?',1
'i think what it meant was the us is one of the few that allow it for non medical purposes and canada, britain, and australia ban it completely',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'why is this guy hanging around the cosmetology class anyway.he is either a closet twink or likes young girls.keep your butt in the office where it belongs.',1
'if you say freedom of speec, wich in this case is freddom of expression then, those you call babies have the same right to express what they think about it, freddom of speech and exprsssion goes both ways my friend....',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'anyone who actually believes these two are pulling pr stunts in order to sell movie tickets for a film franchise that\'s approaching 3 billion in worldwide sales, needs to grab a clue. they don\'t have to do anything to sell this franchise because it\'s already sold and was from the opening weekend of the first twilight when it opened to 70 million, knocking hollywood on it\'s azz. with these films being marketed by one of the biggest promotional campaigns in modern movie making, they don\'t have to trash their lives, their reputations or risk alienating their rabid fan base in order to bring more attention to it. that\'s insane.      for those saying if he takes her back it\'ll hurt his career. any man who\'d turn his back on a woman he loves for more fortune and glory, is a shallow child. if you know anything about mr. pattinson, he isn\'t going to have his life dictated to by misinformed, judgemental, sh*t eaters on social networks. if he\'s got talent (and he does...please see mr. cronen',1
'the lead in to the article says "animals hugging humans," which would truly be remarkable (like the horse pic.) but most of them are humans hugging animals, which happens all the time!  nothing to see here!',1
'maybe they can try it on mitt romney.... he is way dumber than an ape!!!',1
'psalms 14:1  the fool hath said in his heart, there is no god.',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?===(bing it) ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'why should he get a free lunch if any other kid doesn\'t?  the parents need to learn that rules are rules!  kids: i hope you learn something from this farce: follow the rules: period!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i think msn has humiliated him more than any school could. now he\'s a global super star with his face attached to this terrible attempt at "news". way to go msn, it\'s amazing how you can lower the bar more and more for what should be considered news.',1
'i read one time that russia controled 40% of the worlds gold so if you went on the gold standard they could buy up your stock market',1
'just let them take a dump on the roadside, in a ditch.  come on!',1
'it would be nice if every parent in america went on strike against the teachers and their unions.....they do it to us all the time...... and its we the people who pay their salaries........one parent or a relative stay home to teach the children while 1 parent went to work... it would be nice to see teachers, cafeteria workers, or union big shots not ever recieve any money from the tax payer for a very long lengthy part of time........ to them, its always the parents fault...... they cant never take responsibility for their own greedy actions..... pay the 2 dollars now!!!!! phuck a union...........unio  ​ ns = take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,take, take, take, take, take, take, take,tak',0
'oh hey! it just came to me, i know what she needs....a baby!!!!',1
'... darwin ...',1
'first of all, nobody forced kristen stewart to do anything. she cheated on rob because she wanted to, plain and simple. also, what i find troubling is that had it not been because kristen was caught cheating, she probably wouldn\'t have come clean to rob about her affair. before the whole cheating scandal broke out, there were rumors that things with kristen and rob were getting serious and there was talk about a possible engagement. therefore, who knows if kristen is really sorry because of the pain she caused to all parties involved, including rupert\'s wife and children, or because she got caught. we all make mistakes and i\'m certainly far from perfect. however, we have to pay for those mistakes and i feel like the easy part is for rob and kristen to get back together. the real struggle will be rebuilding the trust and repairing their damaged relationship, all while under public scrutiny. to be honest, i feel worse for rupert\'s family because there are children involved and i have a lot of respect for his wife since she could have gone all "tiger woods\' ex-wife" on him, but she is actually trying to save her marriage.',1
'great movies, glad it worked out.  couldn\'t do it with my child though.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'he is a unemployed rocket sciencetist\' look at the picture again he\'s tatooing over a picture  of the devil.',1
'this is why you vote. maybe next year - all you supporters of this devise, you all have a microchip lodged up your behind. anytime you don\'t move fast enough crossing the steet, i give you a ticket.   seems fair, this would take care of a lot of lazy people and the political weenies of the world who think taking peoples rights in the name of safety is the way america should be.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.  ​ ​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'pig slut',1
'12:00 pm here in dallas and 70 f* awesome',1
'i think i\'ve heard that before. ;)   btw, rt...i was joking in my earlier post,(teasing you about being so negative). i really don\'t see the world in rose colored glasses. sorry if i pissed you off. :(',1
'prolly drunk too.',1
'there are no excuses for lazy looking for a excuse to avoid work, freeriders.     you liberals spend your life making excuses why people the democrats keep in poverty are held back.  it does not work that way.   there are probably as many rich democrats as republicans, yet you defend the dems.     you want to solve the problem of poverty, then support jobs.....now i know you are thinkiing that odumbo is creating jobs....sorry...not so....he has created crony companies that returned monery to him such as solyndra etc. and they have all gone out of business at the taxpayers expense.    ',1
'this should not suprise anyone.school systems need a complete overhaul.fire the a.hs.',1
'really? standard bike brakes won\'t stop it? gee, i wonder if the people who built it thought of that? durrrrr',1
'pedophilia is not linked to homosexuality any more than being heterosexual. stop amping people up. read a book. watch tv go to bed.',1
'off to the mall to get some peace and quiet.  i had an insight recently, which is that "everyone" in the u.s. now knows seinfeld backwards and forwards.  this came from close polling, etc., of folks in az.     so remember- nowadays, everything is  a potential spoiler alert!    shenfanie fermat maurice :)',1
'would it be all better if the guy was drinking a bible?',1
'okay, i watched the video and lizzie is freaking beautiful. my only regret is i dont know her personally.  the wife just chimed in over my shoulder and we think she is georgeous.   f\'ck y\'all with your bullschitt msn...',1
'an inverted popeye?  i yam what i yam!  but i yam not sure what i yam!!!  feel me bro?  no, really, feel me!',1
'no...',1
'good for him. keep the disease carrying,nasty, vulgar rejects away from the normal people.',1
'gerbil gerbil gerbil!!!!!!',0
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.                   ',0
'good riddance',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== (bing it)……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'bookmark',1
'wow i must be really pathetic, i tried gaining weight and i\'ve tried losing weight and i stay the same weight.....why do you hate me god-.-',1
'p.s.  the mocking of god will not bite anyone in the butt....there is no god, therefore no biting!',1
'i watched fringe a couple of seasons, but did not watch any of the other shows listed',1
'anyone locate this imaginary angry mob of christians yet?',1
'publicity stunt.  a good one at that. sounds like the man has got the whole package when it comes to today\'s media.  another day, another story? i think so.',1
'water , bullets , and buns , thats what i shall collect as the world comes to and end. can\'t eat gold, you can drink water and who doesn\'t enjoy a nice set of buns ?  seriously...',1
'you know mikey, i actually like obama (over the other d!ckhead). you ain\'t doing him any favors though by including him in your asinine rhetoric. stop stumping for that uppity, snide, over-privileged jack-a$$ romney, will ya?',1
'old hippies never die,they just become old wrinkly eye pollution.',1
'they haven\'t learned anything about us, yet.     the bear cub in the video appeared to be wearing a collar, so what is the context for his mock attack on the "hiker" and why is the ground covered with asphalt?  is this a "circus bear"?',1
'==♀==richbachelor==♂  ​ ==(bing it) is a focused rich men dating site where you can chat with successful men and beautiful women.  we have been running rich men dating service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of rich men and quality women to find their matches.  have a try, please! everyone has the right to seek their soul mate.',0
'you guessed wrong big time !!!     read before you comment !!!    otherwise stfu.',1
'\'like\'  no',1
'yes, all my wet dreams.',1
'i wish i could understand, greed aside, how the scandianvian countries look like they were from another galaxy, when they are, have always been and forever will be the, if not the promised land, as close to it as humanly possible.  i visited the whole north of europe when stationed in germany in late 60s and i didn\'t see a homeless man, much less a child, no beggars, no poverty, no crime, no thing consiered evil, but good and yet, as irony has it, we, supposedly are more powerful, richer, and yet we can barely seem to manage this :rich and powerful" nation.  of course, you don\'t need to be a rockect scientist to comprehend such dilemma:  they are a true democracy and we are, have been and always will be a plutocracy, but with a lots of snake oil peddlers to tell us how rich and powerful we are, but facts not included.  also to be perfectly honest, i don\'t think they have as many retards as we do.  just imagine, here people who can barely live from paycheck to paycheck wanting to give more billions to billionaires while at the same time they don\'t have a job, no affordable health care, no housing, buses are, compared to theirs, just another ghetto',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'@rt.......brilliant.  ​ ....like always......great job "steel balls"!!! :)',1
'who the phck r u',1
'don\'t want them around me! send them to mexico!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'all of the love that you are able to give and get you can carry through the pearly gates. all other baggage must be left by the door.',1
'i raised my two kids in a bike trailer, we rode for hours and never heard a complaint, now my grandson gets the same treatment, his mom still remembers stopping for ice cream on long rides. my son rode his bike from michigan to socal with a buddie camping  along the way 45 days. its a healthy lifestyle, which i still do today, round trip to work is 18 miles. i trailer my laundry, groceries, even parts for my 66 beetle. i recommend this activity highly to keep and develop your core muscles. starting my 38th year of cycling. talk about feeling good !!!!!!!!!!',1
'did you get your high school diploma from a cereal box? are you a cereal killer (pun intended)? you need to work on sentence structure, basic grammar, and spelling. a short course in reading comprehension would not be lost on you. quite frankly, your post scares me. it is disturbing to think that you are out there in america somewhere, possibly operating heavy equipment like a toaster oven, electric can opener, or (heaven forbid) driving a car. while i agree rap is less than music, there are plenty of stupid people in the country music business as well. actually people lke you, are the reason children have no role models anymore. please, please, oh please. don\'t. post. any. more.',1
'five minutes earlier, the delicious neighborhood children were playing there.',1
'they\'re too busy commiting crimes,   lol!',1
'melt our brain??? they used "melt your heat" in an article a few weeks ago. ugh.....cmon guys is that the best you can do?',1
'oh so you have participated in what you call gay sex.. have you any idea how many men (good christian men) sodomize their wives',1
'oh hey chirpy...! wanna come over and get beat half to death? yaaa. how you doooin...?  and where have you beeeen?',0
'i was answering the question, as a matter of fact, but i suppose the computer didn\'t like what i was posting, and erased it. oh well. stuff happens.     to answer the question that\'s posted to me, i\'d say she hasn\'t a clue about the country she\'s supposed to be serving. she should come down to the level of real people in this country and live a few weeks down here... just so she can understand what her and her democratic administration have inspired to the rest of the country. she\'s old, right? and she has no worries about her retirement because the usa, from the city of san franscisco where she got her political start, to the speaker... she is set for life. she will collect her pensions from all the numerous governments of this country. she doesn\'t have to worry that her retirement was cut in half during this administration like other retirement age people...  ',1
'maybe it was more about not getting walked all over. the school puts up a certain amount of money at the beginning of the year to assure the food is available. they even offer discounted meal plans for financially troubled families. what if all the kids decided they didn\'t want to pay anymore? would they get special treatment too? oh only autistic children don\'t have to pay? it has to stop sometime, and apparently it seems this kid has been riding the "poor me" card for awhile to have this outstanding bill in the first place. maybe the parents should get their $h!7 together and pay what they owe. it\'s not a charity, and it\'s not for profit. it\'s the school\'s way of recouping the money they already put out.     if this were a soup kitchen denying free/donated food to people because they are autistic then that would be news, but this is probably a case of the school being sick of these irresponsible parents skating the bill. but since the kid is autistic the pathetic parents decided it was news worthy, and since msn has no filter as to what should be news or not, ',1
'don\'t forget most politicians from the local to the federal level.     floating, there are many cases of welfare freeriders making a fortune playing the system....realville.  ​',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'six years ago, dubya was calling the economy-- robust. everyone i know who lives in florida is working or retired. what\'s your problem?',1
'eastwood\'s movies are great, but clearly he needs pre-scripted lines to not look like a bafoon. but trying to explain that to blinders wearing conservatives is an excercise in futility. these are the people who tried to pass george w. as smart, the man couldn\'t form a sentence.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'here goes hollywood doing its best to screw up tv again. another great program biting the the dust probably for some bs reality program',1
'colorado has these but you don\'t have to pay them unless an officer shows up at your residence and personaly  serves it.',1
'alexiatwice....you are just full of shidt     yup robme, pumped it up when he was going to run...     if we even new "where" it was all at????',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'why was the fluid in their lungs not vaccumed out?',1
'still havent got past the sixties.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'no. i think we need more of it. we should do nothing but insult their pos prophet until they snap and attack, then deal with them as needed. they are damn lucky im not in charge. they would get no apology from me, or pity. murderous zealots should be put down like rabid dogs.     religion should be banned in public. not a word about it outside your home or church. its an infringement on the beliefs of others to parade your religion in public and force it on them. i dont want to hear it ever. that would end all the crap from all these religious nuts. they dont need to badger other people to practice their religion.',1
'clint..  even at 8.2 the laws of the land still apply to you,, i just know had it been me we\'d be headed for court and you\'d be spending some of that money you got from democratic movie goers.. and may the best man win and that leaves you out ..  slander libel  can be ccostly things in court..  and i hope all of the democrats and all others that did not appreciate your fool\'s act will nevewr attend another of your movies',1
'"i have no chance at winning, but at least the losers in life will stand by me".       thanks for the money suckers,.... i mean,.... for your donations my dear and near avid supporters.        ~mitt romney~',1
'this school\'s policy is no different than most school districts in the us. you would not believe the number of parents who don\'t pay their lunch account until a meal is withheld. . . then the excuse is usually, there was just some kind of "mix-up".  (notice the article says mom made the payment right away online. all she has to do in the first place is mark her calendar for when payment is due.) the policy in our district is the child gets a bread and butter, or bread and peanut butter sandwich, and that\'s all. (obviously, they\'re not letting the child starve- they gave him a muffin. that\'s what a lot of people have as their entire breakfast and for some kids that\'s more than they would get at home some meals!)  isn\'t it strange - mom undoubtedly wants her autistic child to be treated the same as every other child, when when the lunch bill isn\'t paid, she brings out the "autism" card - his autism card has nothing to do with this issue.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'obama is better off under obama, his personal welth is up ten fold plus',1
'don\'t forget to twist his nipples too!    twist, twist... thugs drool.',1
'oh man..i knew it!  out of medication..once again..',1
'if he got those muscles working out......god bless him.  if he got them spiking steroids.........god  ​  help him.',1
'b-tran lil one',1
'will miss   and her fine fine self! she got hotter every year!!',1
'" i also dont\'t understand why people are generalizing a whole religion over this."      and that is why you will never get it, ................... the picture at the top of the story explains it well enough for even a retard like yourself to understand!    "generalization" ............ yet what about every other religion on the planet? the true mental deevolution of the human species!    somehow a population of humans 5x as large as the muslim population isn\'t forced to kill over the direct, purposeful, c',1
'that\'s right cut that program and get rid of it. then get rid of the gays.',0
'i don\'t like anything about her low life spending fool!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'right on...!',1
'i love doing the same thing.  whenever i go somewhere new i search out movie locations.  the notebook, fried green tomatoes, and the big chill are just a few.',1
'if the parents don\'t pay the bill or send food with the kid, then child protective services should be sent to the home to evaluate them for neglect.  parents should not be allowed to abuse the system by not paying when they know they owe money.  i know there are people who would think...\'hey, why should i bother paying if the school has to feed them if they don\'t have food, even if i don\'t pay."    parents need to make sure their kids get food.  either pay, send food, or apply for free/reduced meals...or get investigated for neglect.',1
'i hope she likes to eat puss.. because she will make some big hairy bull~dikes very happy! they will show her the way down to  their love~nest! hahahahahahahahabhaa  ​ aaaaaaaaaaaaawhaaaaa  ​ aaaaaa!',1
'i\'m not sure whats worse.  your childish comments or the fact that you\'re obviously a complete idiot.',1
'i listened to everything she had to say and she said that republicans just wanted to obstruct the president yet, the president is obstructing republicans by saying that they\'re only for the rich. that is all i have heard from the democratic party. never, never assume anything is going to happen. sometimes it will come back to bite ya. i am a democrat but i do not want everything to be ran by the government.',1
'agree, whoever wrote that headline is a serious nonfighter.',1
'well ghost, pleased to meet you!!  now i can tell people that i have actually talked to a "ghost" and he talked back, right?  i love it!! lol!!  have a great night/day which ever time zone you may be in at this time :)',1
'guess what old pasty white gringas  you are becoming a a big joke in america',1
'well i\'m not gonna miss any of those shows because i never watched them.',1
'it will be removed, eventually.',1
'dang, that wall is awesome! so hypnotic...',1
'autistic or not, it\'s policy, and all of us know that.  you have to keep money in your childs account or he does not eat.  this is very clearly stated in the paper work you get when you register your child for school.  he did not go hungry, and this happens all the time, the only reason is made the news is because he is autistic and the media is trying to make a school look bad.  most schools have peanut butter sandwiches for the ones who do not have money in their account.  don\'t blame this on the school, blame this on the parents who did not make sure their child was taken care of.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......richbachelor.​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​(bing it) . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'i like to eat puss.',1
'the "chains of what"...omg. ????',1
'ten years we have watched the show. now after naming the new judges we are completely done. we will not be watching this nonsense now nicki minaj is a complete pig. no talent and a waste of time. surely idol could have done better that that. see ya idol. hello the voice',1
'i have to agree with 100% i like many people was caught up with "the walking dead". then my 20 year-old son that lives with me tells me ,"dad you have been missing out you really need to watch this show!" so i went out and bought it on dvd to get caught up on the first three seasons.  this show is a perfect example of what happens when you have great writting, and more importantly, a cast that has a few actors that have been in movies, but for the most part people we are not used to seeing on tv or in the movies. this cast brings to the show a level of suspense and leaving you always wanting more! it will be sad to see the show end but unlike friends this story is taking us in a direction that has no choice but to leave us with a finality that may not please all.',0
'yeap  hes  forearms.......dont match ..',1
'first royal tits i have seen',1
'well, i would rather has muscles that looked natural, like they were developed by actually lifting weights, instead of deformed, unnatural muscle like this.  looks like dude just has some balloons put in his arms and pumped them up.  this is stupid.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'don\'t worry chicago. i can get rid of them for the low price of 10,000 dollars. all i need is a body disposal service.',1
'you can do a "enter a comment" with that pic so here is mine     shhh, don\'t speak. you have beatiful eff me eyes.     will & will',1
'summer still sounds good even on an accordion.   most people living in large cities where there are street musicians, are probably like myself. if i\'m on the street, that means i\'m trying to get to point b from point a. it\'s not that we stopped listening, it\'s that we are busy and time contrained. however, when i do hear one that is truly enchanting, i do stop and listen. one such time was on a subway station, where this asian woman was playing some old asian instrument, not unlike violin sound, that was so awesome. i stopped and listenned until the train came.',1
'boy it sure doesn\'t take much to fire this bunch up. just tell them they got to stop driving and no lattes, and man! now tell them we are 16 trillion in debt, the real unemployment rate is 20-25% and none of that computes. it really is all about their silly little lives.',1
'i bet he\'s a illegal mexican cop! haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabah  ​ aaaaaaaaaaawahaaaaaa  ​ aa',1
'the whole evolution issue revolves around forcing christian children to be indoctrinated with evolution as an established fact, which it is not.  we believe in the biblical account.  when we point out that the theory has holes in it and what those holes are, we are dismissed.  however, the real issue is that we also have the right to our opinions which are based on god\'s account to us of what he did.  if we choose to let manufacturer\'s know when they have offended us and to boycott their products, we have just as much right to do so as non-believers.  consequently, if we choose to make our opinions known, others just need to "get over that."',1
'phuck muhammad.... phuck a muslim....i like it when they blow themselves up.... the people they blow up go to heaven while the one who did the deed gets to go to hell and meet his 72 male demon virgins of torture.......can a muslim bend over to touch his toes and spell run????? guess what??? muhammad and all you muslims of stupidity can suck my dick!!! hahahahahahahaha.. loser freaks!!!!! i cant wait for us to drop our bombs on all you sons of bitches..... i really hope and pray that it happens!!!!! you\'re like roaches',0
'what  a d!ckhead. he should be fired. you would think that since its 2012, people would have gotten their heads out of their a$$es by now , noooooo. the ignorant keep breeding and passing along that same stupidity to their kids. the world could do without a$$wipes of this kind. it\'s unfortunate that i am forced to share the planet with these idiots!',1
'if i could figure out how to make or buy one, perhaps with wheels on either side, yes - although i would limit it to fair weather, so as not to risk my children getting sick from cold or rain.  as for those commenting on how many children she has - so what?! that\'s not what the article is about. it\'s about someone saving money for her family - and playing a part in saving the environment.  good for her. she\'s a proverbs 31 wife!',1
'don’t know where to find a single lesbian ? you can  go ~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                 ',0
'i eat puss...!',1
'if this is true, then the students....if smart....will fild a major lawsuit against the school system for discrimination based on sexual orientation.  this is a dangerous precedence as it opens the door for other forms of discrimination in the school system.  imagine how the parents of these gay student feel, paying major tax dollars into the school system that is discriminating against their kids.',1
'what i don\'t understand is why doesn\'t each kid just have their own bike?  all the kids in the kart look plenty old enough to be riding a bike on their own.  this doesn\'t look safe whatsoever.  i mean, the one girl is sitting on backwards and the littlest one, strapped in behind mom, could be seriously hurt if that thing fell over.  wouldn\'t individual bikes just be easier and safer?',1
'he wasn\'t denied food.  no child that hasn\'t had his lunch paid for goes without food.  as stated in the article that you didn\'t read, he ate muffins.   there are enough parents who don\'t pay for their school lunches in a timely manner that most schools provide an alternative to the paid school lunches.  ususally it is a sandwich and milk or in this case, muffins.',1
'fed up of the **** gay rights why should they have more rights than me because i choose to have sex the right way, when a gay person gets rape its a hate crime but when a gay person rapes a straight person its just a rape, god destroyed a city because of that nastiness..... its a vice no one is born gay',1
'i hope that someone is taking good care of this wonderful animal. make sure he doesn\'t get injured going to the cemetary/',1
'i remember t-rex, my boyfriend at the time had the album.',1
'romney will come in 2nd place in november. not bad! lol',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'in god we trust should be on american currency. god should be the first thought when you wake and the last thought before going to sleep. exodus 20:8-11 remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. six days you shall labor, and do all your work; but the seventh day is a sabbath to the lord god; in it you shall not do any work,',1
'more interesting article if you just google donald young\'s mother.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......richbachelor.​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​(bing it) . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'yes i do.',1
'you know, just in case you wanted to not get any sleep tonight. []  just for writing this on behalf of msn makes this writer a cheeky azz.',1
'i still can\'t stop giggling over this story.   gangsta wannabe drunken idiots,  oh did i spell somthin wong,  that\'s  my rapping.   ya know what ya do with a rapper is throw it away!    a inkyy spot on the wall.   that\'s cuz i  am all sad about that poor wall.   johnny cockran is dead.   i know that. i was cheering over that crook, that was just as good of news to hear.     why he helped =  oj simpson get away with murder.   i happen to know things about that case from someone who was presant in that trial.   ya  he  did  it.   i just wish he was in the car too.  he could have been in the picture.    crash test idiots.   hows that,   he probably dropped the crack pipe that caused it all.   why couldn\'t he have had a van full of gangsta buddies?   and the gene pool what pool.  1 gene is a puddle.  thank you darwin.',1
'the first symptom of aids is a pounding in the azz.',0
'actually obama is in the lead pretty much across the board. you can get all emotional about it, or try to "magic talk" it the other way, but facts are facts. i\'m not saying he will win or lose, that will be determined in nov, but as of now, if the elections were today, he would win.',1
'it still doesn\'t look safe.  there is no reason to do this... except of course for attention.',1
'give an inch and they take a mile. you need not teach animals sex in a public school system, their smarter than that. turning the united states into a liberal california is up for grabs in the next election. too bad respect for all is not considered in san francisco neighborhoods. their is more to life than public sex, nudity and insults. a vote for liberals is a vote for more of this stuff all over the country. offending the rest of the world by acts that insults others faith is not smart or wise. cutting the military is stupid as populations expand by the millions each year and become hostile to americans. serious droughts & fires are happening now. get your priorities in order or loose big.',1
'i volunteer at our local humane society.  all of us regard our pets and our residents (some of them) as therapeutic.  i foster raccoons and there is nothing like an infant raccoon curling up on my shoulder and snuggling to help forget all the crap around me.',1
'heck with the cars report...i\'m laughing because there was no comment box on the story, "8 signs your man is lying to you," starting off with the pic of a black man with a big fro and a sweet lookin\' white blonde...and then all the couples in the following photos were black couples!  roflmao!    there\'s your 8 signs!!',1
'answer once and for all,   are you the same "someone" spamming dating sites?',1
'okay, at least that made more sense than the the azzwholes who wrote this schitte...',1
'we didn\'t exactly date. i drove to her town and rented a hotel room. we went to denny\'s for dinner and then back to my hotel room. i banged her like a $2 whore for a couple hours and sent her home. she came back to the hotel room in the morning for another round of abuse. i drove back home and deleted her from my contacts. well worth the $100 in gas and hotel.',1
'well all i can say is we\'ll see in the not to far future, going to be alot of unhappy campers',1
'the joke about the empty chair was a parody of how they interview on tv. the interviewer asks questions to an empty chair, and the person who answers the questions is in another town, then they are edited together.      omg why don\'t you people investigate before you hate? it makes you look dumber than you are, if that\'s possible...',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'but wasn\'t the bible written years after christ. just a bunch of short stories people put together. it reminds me of folklore and that game telephone. hey i heard so and so, pass it on. believe what you want to, but the bible was written off of hearsay. to say that the lord is the highest love and believe that he could hate his own creations, makes no sense.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'get this airhead b*tch off the road!!!',0
'saw this guy before    http://www.youtube.c  ​ om/watch?v=if9ywcy_2  ​ xi&list=uudin7tf-sph  ​ 9ogksgsog7xw&index=1  ​ &feature=plcp',0
'if you need or buy these shoes, you probably also have a football helmet on all of the time and dress with your underwear on top of your pants.',1
'putting the 20-80 rule into some pseudo-scientific study doesn\'t constitute a serious rebuttal of generations of science that shows that being gay is not a psychological condititon that is "caused by molestation...(ya-da ya-da ya-da)".  and saying that you are for "truth, ethics and compassion" doesn\'t take the sting out of your "hate-speech-lite", or make it in any way "groovy".',1
'i am going to miss nancy and her flousy ways, i love this show and have been addicted to it since the day it started i am so sad to see it go! </3 d:',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'nut jobs ( some cristians ) go back to crying about how holloween is satans work,  nobody gives a damn',1
'most discussting trash on tv a bunch of sluts and loosers',0
'love me love my color=join just (google or bing~==interracial+c  ​ ircle *ｃｏm ===) find here is the best interracial dating hub for you if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships. please check it out and find your best soul mate!.                      ',0
'he looks like a photoshop fail..........',1
'i suspect al gore will claim this victory as well as the internect we watch it on.',1
'capt. i liked your post alot! as always, about 90% i agree, some i did not. but overall, thank you for that. it was quite inspiring! for in most cases, i feel the same.  in re internet, don\'t fret too much. if we are to order everything from the net, that just means the retail people will just be employeed by the net people in time, etc.  i did like your steel industry thought. the reason why that went from us before was because of the cost. union and quality and all... but, i think we are at a time where we can see the bargaining picture from other countries wanting our steels. and, by golly, us does have the bestest steel in the world, like ever!  we get what we pay for, and since our price has come down a bit, there ought to be more buyers...?  i totally agree that we ought to vote someone out if there was not enough evidence of change for better in 4 years. i believe that\'s enough time for any leader to show some tangible difference in the direction. hey, we can make a party tha',1
'he\'s an obnoxious little puke. he was probably bullied in school and now he\'s getting even.     every time he opens his mouth, i just want to slap the little bitch.',1
'poor nancy. she is one of the most hated political figures in th u.s. together with reid.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'never saw scarface, seemed kinda hackneyed; i preferred de palma\'s 1981 movie blowout, an homage to michelangelo antonioni\'s 1966 blowup.',1
'this story at least does one good thing for our world, now when they try to tell the lie that homosexual pedophiles are a sin that doesn\'t hurt anybody, you can look the gay person straight in the eye and say no i\'m sorry but you are full of crap, just look at all the innocent kids that are damaged for life by homosexual pedophiles, i will never again believe the lie that the evil sin of homosexuality is a victimless sin!!!  when you support homosexuality you are also supporting the homosexual pedophiles who hurt little kids, maybe it\'s just time we say no to all sin that hurts the kids!!!   think about it.  catholic priests = homosexual pedophiles, jerry sandusky = homosexual pedophile, maybe it\'s about time we say yes to our almighty god, and no to homosexuality once and for all!!',0
'yes i do. my late father. he wasn\'t famous by america\'s standards. he only served 28 years in the armed services. but he is famous to me, and i am glad i took on his traits. i hold my head up high knowing that i followed in his footsteps. taught me valuable lessons, and right from wrong. he is my hero.',1
'with such a meeeen look as that autistic chiles\'  face aah kin shore see why thaa offissshialzz took\'im to task!!!!!',1
'i think maybe for kids up to say 6 make it a small $10 - $20 ticket so it is known that it is frowned upon but if it really needs to be done it can be with out breaking the bank.',1
'i sorta see bt\'s point - it\'s frustrating when someone suggests we read the bible to understand a religion that postdates said tome by a few hundred years...but i suggest that we just ignore the fools and discuss matters with those who can reason.  and, for the record, i say we help the muslim radicals by not giving them any more of our money...it does mention god, you know.',1
'knowing mr.. chaney company halliburton.. it is probably  the missing piece off the ocean rig.. that was compromised (stolen) that could convict them all. an let b.p. free',0
'this is to (mynicknameisvoltair  ​ e)....your questions are valid and deserve to be answered. the first statement in your sentence is where the confusion starts, "supposing for a moment that there is a god".....i must always refer to the bible because it is ultimate resource and basis for all authority! there may be some writings that may be as old as the dead sea scrolls which is the old testament writings, but not older than god. i mean god of abraham, issac and jacob (old testament). the bibile states...2 tim 3:16 all scriptures are given by the inspiration of god.....(please read) and i quote..(ps 53:1)..the fool (a person that lacks in reasoning and judgement) hath said in this heart...(there is no god)....pls read.....i\'m just the messenger.....when god is absent from a person observation it leads to human opnions.......1 cor. 3:18..."let no man deceive himself...if any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that  he may be wise! in other words..forget what you think you know and ask god for  he gives wisdom liberally and withholds nothing. one thing about religions, is that... this is man quest or attempt to reach a sovereign god by his own mi',1
'it\'s clever and well done, a lot of christians need to get over themselves, they are pretentious and boring people !',1
'she is a dope liberal who lives in a dopey liberal city full of well liberals in a state that votes for dumbocrats. i live with these jerks in ny an i got to tell you they are nothing but a bunch of phonies.',1
'why is somebody as smart as bob costas doing among those idiots,you can tell he was embarrased,bill self proclaimed anti capitalist,althought  ​  his bank account says other wise,noted how many pauses he makes to force those losers to laugh,sellout,sellou  ​ t,go to russia and make fun of putin`s rules,maybe they give u a luxury cell next to pussy riot',1
'freedom of speech....big cry babys over a soda ad',1
'amerall678:     "a picture is worth a thousand words."     "it was not me driving the car." is just a convenient excuse.     the way posters opposing traffic cams are talking, i guess most do not drive their own cars.',1
'pictures taken at different locations 3 other kids were along.',1
'can you say " dangerous and potentiall lethal " ?   because if you can\'t then you probably don\'t know english or you don\'t have a tongue.',1
'c\'mon, who didn\'t see this coming?!  the scouts would be like crack to a pedophile, and who would let their kids be in scouts with the fear of creepy molesters lurking?',1
'there is a water problem... you ain\'t seen nothing yet.     with the drilling and fracking and refining going on in the dakotas (at the end of the ogalala aquifer with the highest reserve) all that activity will pollute the aquifer and render it unusable for drinking and agriculture. the ground water in pennsylvania and ohio is now being poisoned by fracking as well - and most of the other natural aquifers in the us are nearly completely depleted.     there already is a water problem. but so far we can get by. but... poisoning our last good reserves is not going to do us good.    ',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'hmm, that is funny because it is the idiot dems here in iowa that keep these evil devices in place and keep voting to add more.',1
'lmao',1
'did i not see her holding a sign at football games. john  6 : 3 ..??? get ready looks like the holloweener\'s are having their costume pre- show event .....  !!',0
'i knew this guy for real. crazy ****! crazy. good show. about as real as you can get.',1
'are you the same"someone" spamming datingsites?',1
'love me love my color=join just (google or bing~==interracial+c  ​ ircle *ｃｏm ===) find here is the best interracial dating hub for you if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships. please check it out and find your best soul mate!.                      ',0
'you may want to spell check the article before you post it next time.',1
'if you say freedom of speec, wich in this case is freddom of expression then, those you call babies have the same right to express what they think about it, freddom of speech and exprsssion goes both ways my friend....',0
'they are such an unattractive couple.  they look like they need a bath and neither can act.  i couldn\'t make it past the first horrible movie.  then i remembered it was made for middle schoolers.',1
'preacherman; oh go to church.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'good riddance  sleaze',1
'do want to see my "cannon?" lmfao, lmfao, lmfao,...thugs rule.',1
'we’ll all you democrats just keep aborting your selves, and all you so called christians who have no problem with this add or other like attacks on christianity, you just keep dumbing down your belief and at some point you really won\'t stand for anything anymore. for those of you who make lite of the christian and his beliefs, you will likely never understand us because your ego will not allow you to do honest research. as a christian however, i can look at both christianity and evolution and actually weigh the evidence, you on the other hand are handicapped and blind to the fact that life may be more than simple science. i can fall back to my faith, but because you never had it, it will never make sense to you. in the end you will have no one to blame but yourself. everything you need in order to be informed is there. and yes it is true, christians are expected to just look the other way when all our freedom of expression is criticized and torn down (christmas trees, nativity scene) and so on, yet we must be tolerant of homosexuality and many other things that are attacks on god’s word and our beliefs.',1
'instead of looking for rebates how about going out on a date you dwebe',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.   ddff',0
'some of these shows remind me of lost, as in how in the world did they stay on for that long...',1
'not intentionally...',1
'personally, i have no intention of voting for romney. that would be a cruel thing to do to a nice person. odumba deserves a second term to have this mess he has made of all things financial fall on his head.    instead of him dumping all that cash into the bottomless pit of banks, he could have easily dumped all that cash back to the people who have agi\'s of 100k or less. that would have jump started the economy instantly. those individuals would have spent this money right away and would have got the ball rolling.     as it is, he has created a "us money bubble" that is going to pop and end in massive inflation.   let him blame who ever he wants during his 2nd term. i\'ll watch and laugh.',1
'mam on man . . . destructive sin-    haha, clever . . . not.    you should know that posting irrelevant nonsense and puerile insults do nothing to further your cause. rather, they simply make you look like a fool.',1
'take it to a different level and boycott the nhl and not buy tickets,   then it will have an impact.   merchandise can also be purchased from other places.',1
'"i ain\'t no freakin\' chimp," wrote one. "no more dr pepper for my household,"     hmmm, a double negative make a positive, so you are a chimp!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i came to canada 20 years back resigning from a great job in an airline.  all my colleagues there have become officers long ago and some of them are retired now.  they have their houses all paid up, mortgage free and are ready to enjoy retired life.  and here i am; struggling to maintain temporary jobs with minimum wage.  in the past i spent my own money plus borrowed from the banks to pay for the various courses.  i am in my late fifties, energetic and youthful looking but nothing helps.  i struggle to make monthly loan payments.  i am afraid i might miss my loan payments and whatever i have paid till now will be in vain.        ........i believe big corporations have control over a lot of things.  the way the businesses are conducted it is certain that a big chunk of money remains circled in specific segments of the society.  the rest of the people work hard on minimum or low wages to pay the bills and keep these greedy corporations alive.',1
'of course he  should be fired ,he is a homophobic idiot',1
'some of ur comments are way off base.first off all ,modern day european americans(so-called white americans)have  benefited  from slavery to this very day.you are in denial when you say you are not responsible for what your founding forefathers did to africans.you benefit from what they did,and furthermore you are admitting that you are the children of such people,its your heritage and your lineage,that is fact. all of europe engaged in slave trafficking,so-calle  ​ d white people tell all kinds of lies and riddles  to hide the truth,that african-americans and other races of people fall for these lies and riddles,even most european-americans.n  ​ obody wants to look for the truth anymore,they just run with whatever is said at the moment.i am open to further dialogue.',1
'cry baby teachers.  they claim over worked , under paid.  nine (9) months a year.  they only exploit the children in these negotiations.  the whole thing is only about how much money, retirements, benefits, insurance, etc.  they can get for themselves.    my understanding is they turned down a 16% raise over four years.  add that on to $70,000-$100,000 and that\'s a healthy raise for a stagnant economy.',1
'oh let me guess,divorced,singl  ​ e parent,nobody else in her life to take some of the load.the super-women of america! they can do what any man can do and still give birth on the clock.well..wait a minute,i don\'t think they have to sign up for the draft to get into university on her pell grant.i think all males have to sign up,do they not? well anyhow she\'s got her 15 min of fame,perhaps she also will get $700,000 from the pitty people of america. like the school bus lady.',1
'who can knock science (isn\'t that obama pictured?) i know i just couldn\'t help myself!',1
'even if you bothered to read the source, rosie gray (the credited author) is obviously one of the misguided sycophants to the left who would disavow her own mother if it lead, in any way, to putting down conservatives, even marginally.  what gray has done in both of these stories is perpetuate the classless affirmation from the left that they, in fact, know more about what america is--or, rather, should be--than america herself.  you see, gray is, what you call, a tool.  mr. thesaurus says, ", , , , , , , , , , , , , , ; ; , , , , , , , , , , (also shlub) slang, slang, slang."  if you bothered to read his actual comments, mr. santorum was absolutely using sarcasm to describe the self-proclaimed enlightened, "smart" elite of the liberal left, the utmost foul, devious, coniving sort of miscreants ever to pull themselves from the primordial slim--a fitting tribute to those who continue to throw around hate and intollerance only to retreat with embarasingly stunning rapidity.',1
'my father told me 55 years ago that he didn\'t want my brothers and i to join the boy scouts because there were "men who will hurt you" (and he seemed to be angry about that, too).  according to this story, he was right.',1
'i\'ll be happy if this is true \'cause it\'s really hard to find love, and it would be a shame if their\'s went by the wayside.',1
'how about "pander ing"?',1
'both my best friend and his brother died during the course of six months, after suffering from antibiotic-resistant  ​  pneumonia.  it is only too real.',1
'we could all have money if their were good paying jobs for everyone that wanted one!!!!! no one is gonna get rich from sitting home getting governments "entitlements". look i didn\'t want bush elected (ever) but everybody had to vote him in there, now i do not want obama re-elected so please don\'t give this guy another 4 years to do nothing.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'my kids are old enough to pedal my happy a$$ around!',1
'i think its about time to spend some of that drug money on a nose job.',1
'i like this show but it should have ended two years ago.',1
'mr. wiener ? really ?',1
'i happen to agree, racism is still alive and strong in the united states of america. most of the people who don\'t like obama, don\'t like him because he\'s black and they use his policies as an excuse !  especially considering the fact, that the republicans announced after the election that they were going to make sure he would fail and set out to do just that, by stonewalling his policies as much as they possibably could ! ! of course they didn\'t have any policies or vision of their own to move this nation forward, just no, no, no across the board ! ! i laugh every time i hear the healthcare reform referred to as obamacare, considering the fact he gave those a$$holes everything they asked for, which was wrong on obamas part ! ! !    i offend think about how things today would be so much better if cooperation was in their mindset, it just clearly demonstrates how the two party system is a dysfunctional sham, and america continues to suffer !',1
'you\'re certainly correct here and it\'s horrific that these businesses are doing the things you mentioned and  charging us soooooooooo much $$$$$   and i just wonder for what???  what are we getting, obtaining, buying, paying this money for???  infomercials?  cartoons?  re-runs of just about anything and everything?   the charges now for tv accessibility, telephone service, internet carrier service,  internet cable/dish access, cell phones, radio services and i\'m quite certain there are many more things that i didn\'t think of just now ~   we\'re paying all of these charges and then there\'s the charge for the charges, taxationnnnnnnnnnnnn  ​ nnnnnnnnnnn on the service, on the tax for the service and taxes here, there and everywhere; i can\'t keep track of what all the taxes are even for and then to speak with someone to try to get help to make these things work is another whole story when we can\'t even understand them and then after holding for a person for 45 minutes, the service "helper" gets tired of it that ',1
'incase you havent noticed, the bikes have chain guards',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'industrial agriculture can bring poisoned air, poisoned water, poisoned farm workers and their families, colony-collapse disorder in bees, soils deficient in organic material and thus not providing the carbon sink healthy soils provide (if you\'re concerned about saving the planet from catastrophic climate change), and crops genetically modified to tolerate more pesticides.  there are more reasons to minimize using the products of industrial agriculture than just to avoid pesticide residues.',1
'this is just one example of government schools lacking common sense. had it been a black child he/she would have been given a free lunch, no questions asked. i loved my kids enough to sacrifice extra money so yhey could attend christian schools. i have no regrets, theyve turned out very well!',1
'anorexics can also feel extremely guilty when they eat. they think that the don\'t deserve to eat. if they came from a religious household, they may feel like they have to purify the body by denying its needs. there was a nun who became a "saint" because she starved herself for god.  saint catherine of siena was her name. a  lot of religions have fasting as a ritual, and some believe that they have to do double time with that in order to feel like they\'re good people.    i know that was the case with  me. i thought that i was so disgusting, evil, impure and that god hated me and the only way that i can atone for this was to starve myself. i was also molested as a child and then shamed for it by my christian family, so i starved away my femininity so people would leave me alone.    i still have problems with the thoughts, although i don\'t starve or purge any more. religion can be so toxic.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'no, but i do think that anyone that can must be truly at piece with themselves. congrats and good luck to her!',1
'wonder how he deals with the "roid rage"',1
'that would be bing, and people who perform internet searches that bing registers. these are just trending stories, not real news. if you want real news, i would suggest creating a garbage email account, subscribing to several different sources, and then cross-referencing stories and checking sources to find facts. it\'s a pain in the ****, but it\'s not so much work when you get used to it.      otherwise, just try to enjoy the comments sections. they\'re pretty much what these articles are here for.',1
'nothing wrong with fayettevile arkansas, some places in texas are nice, wichita falls is not one of them, harlingen used to be nice, now it is full of illegals, illegals are like living with pigs!',1
'reminds me of greg valentino who shoved \'juice\' in his arms routinely.  the end result for greg was that he looked utterly ridiculous just as this guy does.  greg then experienced an infection on one bicep and had to have surgery, resulting in part of his bicep being cut out.  to this day, he (greg) would tell you he was an idiot for doing that to his body.  ismail...the desire to have the biggest "guns" has your thought process twisted and skewed.  i feel sorry for him.',1
'geez people......lets grow up some and quit acting like stupid , spoiled children. if the only thing that christians have to worry about is dr. pepper and an ad then you are living in a world of fantasy. maybe we did evolve from monkees but i\'m not going to lose any sleep over it. just sit back and enjoy a cold dr.pepper and don\'t stress out over it.',1
'romney is toast.if the repubs were smart they would kick mitt to the curb and have another   convention.mitt is the reincarnation of herbert hoover.get used to 4 more yars of obama.   that`s what repubs are quietly saying.look how defeated the people on fox sound.',1
'it\'s called greed, dude!      the people who will do these sorts of things (like fracking) know they will be dead before what they are doing is a real problem - so they don\'t care.     for a few bucks now... they\'d do nasty things to your grandma too if they could get away with it.     (too many people in the world... tooooo many... we need another ice age - which is what we will get, nuclear winter, after iran throws one at israel... don\'t even concern yourself with global warming)',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'wait see what happens when they announce the new federal infrastructure bank,watch the lieing basterds cry then,after they stop studdering,they will cry foul',1
'muhammed is a false prophet and allah is not the same as the christian god.',1
'really??? my wife cant find her way out of a paper bag but she can always find home,',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'i thought i once had a lunch with a person with the same rear as the one on the second row, third from left/right. lunch was very animated and no further enhancement required. thank you.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'on the bright side she can eat whatever she wants and never get fat',1
'i can\'t wait for mrs. obama to catch barry .... corn holing this whore and take her out of the lineup.',1
'dude\'s 26 y.o.  in another 14 years he\'ll sound just like bob dylan...unintelligib  ​ le. if i were going to pay to see him in concert, i\'d want a guarantee that he\'d actually show up. may have the talent, but after all those years on the street, don\'t think he has the work ethic. sorry. just giving my honest opinion.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'the title isn\'t ugliest woman in the world,,,it\'s worlds ugliest woman.....  duhhhh',1
'he parsed his words with the key word, that being "elite". that\'s what he said and that\'s what he meant. what part of "elite" do you smart people not understand? you\'re so damn smart and you don\'t know the definition of "elite".',1
'i can tell by the thumbs down ratio change that some of those kids are waking up and coming out of mom\'s basement.     i\'m sure mommy has a long to do list for them so they shouldn\'t be around for long. after all it\'s saturday and they\'ll need their allowance so they can party tonight.      you can thank obama for that college degree not getting you a job. vote r&r...',1
'he/they sold some books and book rights, moron...and president job pays decent after some repub increased the salary,,,hell maybe it was one of those dems ??     but, i really wish you could tell us some facts or give us some sources, "the real story."',1
'romney\'s campaign is collapsing like a rotten vegetable.   infighting is rampant and the debate practices have turned into rants.',1
'this is by far the best show on television. i haven\'t missed an episode since the beginning. i\'m really sorry to see this end. the acting and drama are tremendous. you never know what\'s going to happen. everyone i have suggested this show to has watched it and gotten hooked on it. thank you amc for some great entertainment.',1
'well, i am in california, way too friggin\' liberal anymore! can\'t wait to get out! and there are appropriate places to stroke your stuff! and having sex in the wide open for all to see? that\'s going way too far.',1
'yes, and it won\'t be taken off until after obama becomes socialist president for life.     all he needs to remove the amendment to the constitution that limits our president to two terms is enough support in the house.     think about that before you vote..',1
'you forgot mitt romney\'s "entitlements".  he has money, now he thinks that he is entitled to power.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'they should let the dogs group doggy rape them!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'yes.  my husband and i when we first started out had little if any money for anything extra.  my math teacher in 7th grade had this tip.  she said when you use a coupon at the grocery store, take the value of the coupon and put it in a jar.  i did that for years.  on our anniversary, we\'d take that money and go out to dinner.  of course 35 years ago, dinner for 2 was not as it is today.  i also saved enough to buy a freezer.  one of my nicest  "rebating gifts" was a $50 savings bond that i got by clipping pamper teddy bear points.  i don\'t do as much today as i did when my children were living at home, but i will do my best to save what i can with coupons and rebates.',1
'no, people are going to do what they want and what pleases them, it\'s called human nature !  besides, the ad was greatly exaggerated, not everybody who has a few drinks turns into a monster, not by a long shot ! ! ! to much child worship, fu*k the children, the whole world doesn\'t and shouldn\'t revolve around children, it\'s called reality and it\'s not good for the child in the long run ! ! this is something the yuppie a$$holes out there will embrace, since their kids and just another possession to them anyway and they love their possessions !',1
'i think it was a good response, but more importantly he pointed up the fact that the media is not asking the important questions of the right people, romney is savagely attacked for anything he says, whereas obama is not even questioned about simple economic measures. if the voting polls are 47-43, how come the media is 80-20 for obama, we obviously are not being equaly represented here. the big outcome of this election will not be who will be president, but that we cannot trust our news agencies',1
'no, they look like big tumours! or balloons!',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'wow! so interesting to see that all the right wingers would rather spend sunday morning on msn than in church! welcome, guys!',1
'wait what,,,,,,put a really stiff for first time??  stiff what and where?',1
'they could cause pandamonium',1
'and what about adults?',1
'in homosexuality, when the pedophiles have hurt the innocents, that\'s a sin beyond sin.  pick on your own size, as the saying goes. when you are the adult and hurt a child in such unmentionable way, that would make you something beneath that which crawls below the snakes, as i once heard....     in that sense, i understand your anger.',1
'i looked again.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'oh, so cuteeeeee i love to eat roasted suckling baby pandas with our special sauce.   delicious.   :0))',1
'okay there american crap, american cars would have been gone for good if it wasn\'t for barack obamas investment in the car company... oh and what do we have there, a chrysler 200? shameful shameful. incompetant asian vehicles? toyota honda have highest car sales number in 2011 "outlaw" get your facts straight, not to mention all the subarus, civics, eclipses, lexus and evos japanese motorcycles white people buy.. so go cry to yourself.',1
'bill maher needs to be bitch slapped , yelping, to the ground',1
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+’f_i_s_h_’e’s-==}  ​ here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub.c om under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.                  kkoppii',0
'worry about what obama does with tax payers money not what mitt does with his. libs think only failures and community organizers should run for president. most would prefer to see a successful person run.   mitt romney is one of the wealthiest self-made men in our country but has given more back to its citizens in terms of money, service and time than most men.  and in 2011 mitt romney gave over $4 million to charity,   almost 19% of his income.... just for comparison purposes,   obama gave 1% and joe biden gave $300 or .0013%.',1
'patrick... don\'t be a "wad!" by the time anyone starts doing something there will be 8.5 billion people!      and what\'s your point, anyway... that with .6 billion fewer people, it\'s not a problem?     don\'t be a "wad!"',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'lmao! they should have shown the one true god, the flying spaghetti monster using his noodly appendages to fist all these false beings.',1
'obama was god\'s grace period for america. obama saved america to save american.   and you are still ungrateful. america time is up, according to bible prophecy. the grace period   we had you screwed up. so keep your hate all the way to hell. you will begin seeing this hell    sooner  because the prayers prayed no longer reach the heaven. god\'s true people will see the hell fire all around you haters but won\'t be touch...said the lord. isaiah 14:21.   you may want to learn the modern names for those you see in the bible, for example,   psalms 83 and psalms 79  and revelation 19: 12-21/ isaiah 63: 1-9/ isaiah 45:5-7   isaiah 47:11/psalm 78 :49',1
'are the pissed off christians going to go around killing people again because of this?',1
'~~richbachelor~~~ is the best online home for looking for rich dating relationship or marriage. we celebrate the ~~~richbachelor.org ~~~ which achieved tremendous success bringing couples together! if you are successful, you are many times more likely to meet your match and have a higher caliber dating experience here than other places!',0
'ummmmmmmmmmmm maybe ur gay and tryin to hid it',1
'd o the friendly? rude dude. can\'t you read? neurologist not neurosurgeon , really big difference. interesting contraption. source story hints the kids are not to crazy about it. seems she is being a bit selfi****ounds like it is mostly for her.i wouldn\'t drive around in the rain with the top down with kids so why subject the kids to the weather? why do without the trips? get a rental for a week.',1
'your name says it all you like penis is it buck or butch? lmao take it back to the gay club we gave you those why isnt that enough...',1
'not far enough, religion is a pain in the a$$ and sets out to make life difficult for people who don\'t embrace their bullsh*t on an endless myriad of issues ! by the way, where is that scumbag muhammad, the onion needs to grow a pair ! ! !',1
'gentle and noble until a larynx is ripped out.',1
'is that why your mouth is open right now gator???? because you swallow?',1
'i would suppose a hand job is out of the question?',1
'i love this show!!!..its been awesome to watch...they finally brought something on that keeps you on edge like the good ole days..tv sucks now days..but this show has brought tv back!!..i will hate to see it go..but how far can they take it..lol..will miss it!!',1
'nope',1
'just keep it high and tight where it counts.',1
'hellllll no! he needs to seek a therapist and not hold his own homophobic fears against students who are at a major turning point in their lives and you never know if this is the only avenue they have to express themselves or feel validated..',1
'no she\'s not ugly,,,are all of you in denial, even the scriptures refers to some people as not much to look at,  she would be considered beautiful on a planet full of barney fife\'s.',1
'i\'m thinking there are many pentup anger going on in that part of the town... being victimized can do crazy things to the person. sad story all the way around.',1
'look at that picture, do you really want that gay pedophile with your kids?????    this story at least does one good thing for our world, now when they try to tell the lie that homosexual pedophiles are a sin that doesn\'t hurt anybody, you can look the gay person straight in the eye and say no i\'m sorry but you are full of crap, just look at all the innocent kids that are damaged for life by homosexual pedophiles, i will never again believe the lie that the evil sin of homosexuality is a victimless sin!!!  when you support homosexuality you are also supporting the homosexual pedophiles who hurt little kids, maybe it\'s just time we say no to all sin that hurts the kids!!!   think about it.  catholic priests = homosexual pedophiles, jerry sandusky = homosexual pedophile, maybe it\'s about time we say yes to our almighty god, and no to homosexuality once and for all!!',0
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'time to melt the rest of the ice caps. we are thirsty.',1
'women who cares about the health of thier babys don\'t smoke  while they are prgenant.     and women who don\'t care about their baby life smoke while they are pregnant',1
'i bodybuild and this guys give bodybuilders a bad name. yes, bodybuilding is about mass but it is also about symetry and this guys does not have that. he has no shoulders, no chest and those forearms are a joke. he is like that idiot in england who was spotlighted on a tv special. he injects a susbstance like, if not exactly, synthol directly into the arms to get that size. there is no definition or separation of the muscles at all - even when he is supposedly flexing. this guy is a joke and gives a very bad name to serious amateur and professional bodybuilding for fitness professionals.',1
'and yes i am there, my daughters basketball team had to cancel the season because not one, but not one teacher would volunteer their time to coach. parents were trying to volunteer but the union says there has to be a teacher. so f***k them and f***k them hard...!',1
'i am so glad my 7 kids are out of school--i heard that too that parents use the school for a baby-sitter. i asked the principal that said that--what did the teachers teach them.i taught them their basics.also i would have rather had my kids at home where they were safe.i could tell you alot of horror stories that happened at school. i went 6 years in a one room school--teacher had 8 grades and i got a better education then mine did.also teachers pile a couple hours of homework on the kids and who is responsible for that??the parents!!!!too much pressure on the kids. if you don\'t sell all your tickets for the spring concert you will not get a good grade duh? if you don\'t wear (an expensive) shirt with an animal on it you won\'t get your picture taken duh?they expect parents to buy-buy -buy-.teachers expect their money-job and benefits to be forever no matter what kind of a job they do.',1
'i`m voting for all the candidates that hate education,hate healthcare,hate ss and medicare,   hate pensions, and hate abortions.my candidates love corporate welfare,love war,worship   war, thrive on war and say no to any improvements and won`t compromise on anything.',1
'i said nothing that was not peaceful... it is exactly what you do when confronted. but speaking of getting a life, i see you still spend every waking moment here. talk about needing to get a life. enjoy the rest of your week trying to impress people online, maybe i will have time to drop in and see you telling everyone that disagrees with you how stupid they are again.    awwww cindy pulled another post delete. chuckle.',1
'==♀==richbachelor==♂  ​ ==(bing it) is a focused rich men dating site where you can chat with successful men and beautiful women.  we have been running rich men dating service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of rich men and quality women to find their matches.  have a try, please! everyone has the right to seek their soul mate.',0
'the biceps are not predominately muscle. i would destroy him, those fake muscles would hinder him.',1
'oh so since hes autistic it makes news. im pretty sure this happens about every day people, autistic or not.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+’f_i_s_h_’e’s-==}  ​ here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'this is how the "trumpets" blew down the walls of jericho. what religious folks call supernatural was really just misunderstood technology.',1
'bkxk ck',1
'take a look at the 1st picture....she is in the designated bike lane....the kind your primitive city doesn\'t have yet',1
'for 1 thing  it is alot safer for her to have them all tog. and close ,so she can keep and eye on them all and not have to worry  about any of them getting grabbed    a stranger or hit by a texting or drunk driver !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!   u go gurl  ^5 to u',1
'gotta love how you can clearly see how butthurt republicans are by turning everything msn posts into a republican vs democrat issue. i don\'t think i\'ve seen this much anger from conservative christians since black people and women were given rights!',1
'~~richbachelor~~(bin  ​ g it)~ is the best online home for looking for rich dating relationship or marriage. we celebrate the ~~~richbachelor ~~~ which achieved tremendous success bringing couples together! if you are successful, you are many times more likely to meet your match and have a higher caliber dating experience here than other places!',0
'i think you have misunderstood my comments.  i did not say that he was not talented, i said that it was my impression that he was not well liked, and consequently he should not be surprised why people do not nominate and/or vote for him.  however, since you brought it up, i believe that it is you that needs to get real and smell the roses.  being "liked" at your workplace can and does play a large part in your being advanced or hired.  if you have ever watched the series "house", you would have noted that no one ever hires house...he decides if he wants to treat you.  come time for a raise at work, your boss will probably look better at employees he likes and employees that are liked by his customers.  please note that i do not believe that a "lovable dolt" will advance faster or higher than a more qualified employee, but given a choice between two workers who are of equal talent...most people go with the one they like.',1
'he is referring to what we laughingly call "educated idiots". they sit around at cocktail parties massaging each others egos without any real foray into the world to develop their own opinions based on sweat, sacrifice, or observation outside the classroom...they are kind of like parrots that belonged to professors that could not make it in the private sector because their views are like theoretical exercises that feel good while discussing but have no real world application... many of them work at msn, msnbc, new york times,the dnc, etc.',1
'i stay lean and cut.',1
'who wants it see uncircumsed men naked  not me',1
'"usually unintelligible" what a d!¢k.    who writes this stuff?     oh the author doesn\'t put their name on it,     way to go msn - anonymous news....',1
'if more people would get   off their fat rear ends.  leave their car or truck  at home, &  get a bicycle  and   do a lot of short  errands  like this lady does  it  would  help the  invironment,  your health  ( more exercise and less air polutuion) and your wallet . i have a car  and a bike  and use my bike every day  for short trips and put  almost  as many miles on the bike as the car 65 to 120 miles a weerk.',1
'i support anything that is against the sexual deviates.  except the westboro church and islam.  immorality is one the negative aspects that is dragging our country downwards.',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?=== ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'"democrats are still from the people, by the people and for the people!"        democrats are not from the people, not by the people, and not for the people.  democrats are for gullible sheep who actually, amazingly, believe the line of bullshtit being fed to them.       democrats are to blame for the current financial crisis we are in, which can be traced all the way back to bill clinton and his obsession with multiculturalism.       democrats are for people who live in a fantasy world, where the government functions as some sort of robin hood, taking',1
'lock them out indefinately right now...start privatizing the whole school district. tell them they all need to start looking for new jobs. maybe wisconsin wants union teachers...oh at this point i wish i could get in on writing that contract, they would never start working again...f*** those teachers.  over 90 extra minutes a school day for 70k a year? screw them hard chicago like you never knew you could...!',1
'i sure hope this is true. they look great together and make a cute couple. people make mistakes and i really think that if any of this is true and all that kristen knows it was a mistake and is genuinely sorry about it.',1
'i have to agree with 100% with this being one of the best shows on tv. i like many people was caught up with "the walking dead". then my 20 year-old son that lives with me tells me ,"dad you have been missing out you really need to watch this show!" so i went out and bought it on dvd to get caught up on the first three seasons.  this show is a perfect example of what happens when you have great writting, and more importantly, a cast that has a few actors that have been in movies, but for the most part people we are not used to seeing on tv or in the movies. this cast brings to the show a level of suspense and leaving you always wanting more! it will be sad to see the show end but unlike friends this story is taking us in a direction that has no choice but to leave us with a finality that may not please all.',1
'richard gere?  never heard of him.',1
'oh please his arms are so big that if you were to get into a fight with him, hisarms would get sore, he will tire out too quick from lifting those arms and also thowing them at you. a smaller toned guy would out last him and his face would be open to constant jabs resulting in busted lip, broken nose and possibably two swollen shut eyes.',1
'i dont believe they are fake, or guinness would not be there. the triceps look flabby, but they cant be if his biceps are that big...so they are real. the problem is, this man is very smooth...no cut, no veins showing, so he comes off just looking fat. if i were him, i would go for the cut look and get those forearms up there to match and shave that ugly black hair, if he is going to display muscle. hair and muscle dont mix.',1
'i prefer to let god do the choosing. dang! is it sunday? i must be in a church...',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'free trade agreements are not good for america. they are good for corporations that want to sell to the american market. we have the money in our country. the big multi nationals want to mine our wealth. that\'s that "loud sucking noise"  mr. perot spoke of.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ h?e # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.                  ',0
'that old goat fu ker, muhammad?   who cares.  if the muslims are riled up because a long dead pervert got \'insulted\', i am willing to bet a few live rounds will calm them down fairly quickly.',0
'because it\'s the only hospital that knows anything about it and is the current research center for the disease. jeez, idiot.',1
'on election day we should have a landslide in favor of romney. these polls that indicate the election is close is run by liberal interests knowing that defeat for obama is nearing each day that passes.they hate the republicans and only look to retain a government that has destroyed our nation and reduced our national defense . they look to be friendly with our enemies and tell our real friends to dig their own graves. in addition they have not provided any solution to the national debt only to tax the rich more. sounds like obama wants to run our country like havana!',1
'may be yes to them, chance to make more  $$$,',1
'something\'s not matching up.',1
'other posters have targeted the real problme with the upcomming election, "the idea of entitlements".  people that receive government aid have bought into the belief that they are entitled to something for nothing and will not readily vote someone out of offfice that promises to continue handouts.  the process of buying votes, though government handout programs, has been ongoing for decades.  both parties have engaged in the practice.  the biggest reason we don\'t have a comprehensive immigration policy and border controls is because neither party wants to be preceived as antihispanic given that within 30 years they will be the majority demographic in america.  the problem is we are facing some very hard economic times and can no longer afford politics as usual and certainly not politics based on spending.  unemployment is higher then our leaders tell us.  they no longer count you if you have exceeded your benefits.  you are dropped from the roles and no longer counted.  recent studies estimate that by 2018 about 80% of all retail sales in america will take place online.  40% of americans work in retail sales.  internet companies d',1
'the acura zdx is a sexy beast, idc what the author says',1
'i never said that. i just think it\'s ridiculous to spend millions of dollars to adapt a school for 5% of it\'s members just to end up not doing anything with the education they got there, i mean as far as productive and contributing to society is concerned. they\'ll spend 10,000% more going to public school then they would ever return to the system in their entire lifetime. i think if a school was designed from the ground up to accommodate these needs it would be better for the students and the tax payers. instead of attempting to give them millions of dollars in alterations so they can \'fit in\' with the rest of the population that they will never fit in with.',1
'shove the muffins up someones a$$--and bet that if i were this childs father---i wold be all over this school! ya let a kid go hungery over a lousey 2 bucks---hell fvcking no!!',1
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'do you give him oral relief :-) since you like him so much',1
'yeah good one! and i\'ve heard to never listen to the scoldings from an old, dried-up c*nt such as the person in your profile picture which is hilarious if that really is you my dear mrs. hagg',1
'best post i\'ve read - ever.  on that note, i\'m signing-off in a spirit of positivity.  thank you, cliff josephson.  :-)    we need more of you in the world.',1
'a nude vacation would be great ,i wonder what type of activities they do? lawn darts ? ring toss ? weiner eating contest? beach volleyball? i would be happier than eddie money running a travel agency. i got 2 tickets to paradise.',1
'it\'s a film, bad as it may be, it\'s only a stupid movie....those barbarians just wanted any reason to kill americans, they should all be nuked off the face of the earth.',1
'manonman,i\'ve come across a lot of your misinformed, uneducated, idiotic & completely backwards post here on msn  and you are positive proof that ignorance is bliss...',1
'absolutely not!!! my mother would have taken the hide off of me if i had gone outside without clothes on. it might be cute for a baby to go outside without clothes, but that is as far as it should go. if i were to go outside now without clothes on, i would be charged with murder by proxy. people  would laugh themselves to death.',1
'think the rumors are true about obama and reggie love, larry sinclair, donald young, and his membership to man\'s country?     just google donald young\'s mother',1
'come on mikey... you aint gonna be part of any revolution. you\'re afraid of guns, remember? we\'ve already established that you\'d just be a nerdy, pathetic (probably dead) bystander.    sit back and enjoy popcorn while a muslim revolution is going on around you eh? i suppose these muslims are going to provide you and the other un-armed "thugs" easy chairs too huh? maybe these invaders will be coming because they want to be your friends, huh mikey?    mikey, you\'re a pussy. and you\'re worse than just delusional, you\'re also childish. that\'s a helluva fantasy that you have there bub, thinking that you\'ll sign on with the invading muslims and they\'ll let you rule the land with them. hell, you\'ll be forbidden to even play with your "awt." ',1
'more than likely the girl was flirting. prob had something sexey on and after all she was in a bar looking lol and the judge was right to say that. truth hurts .and after she found out he was a x-cop it wasnt alright anymore broke bastard couldnt make her some money but getting you libby bastards to feel sorry for her cause the judge made her feelings hurt can........right rebelho...',0
'zig hiel camendant thomas amons!..............  ​ ...........',1
'@ mikey-while they were bashing you i was with their mamas-   fuqued them inthe a$$ then they gobbled my goo!',0
'lol!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'who--   --f*cking--   --cares??',0
'i have no dreams involving seeing multiple butts... does this mean i\'ve been out-ed??  geesh, i hope not! just last week, i saw a \'conceiving\' dream, i saw ... other dreams i can\'t yet say... etc... boy, believe you me, when you see them in colors like i do, you don\'t need them animated!! ha!',1
'should have done world\'s prettiest towns and cities - a city can ce just as pretty as a town.  of course, in my opinion, most of ireland is prettier than any other place in the world - everyone has their own opinion of pretty - why attack other\'s choices.',1
'to answer the question, yes, i think "in god we trust" is a very somber and meaningful passage that should continue to be on our currency.',1
'my best friend introduce to me a good place ==♥==richbachelor_or  ​ g==♥==bing it……where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try.',0
'he just whipped your a$$,  lost yo mind  lol  cretin   ovomit - that\'s funny !  well done',1
'good for him, he should not be fired.',1
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                    ',0
'the wrangler is the only suv listed. the other ones are all junk mini vans on steroids crossover suvs',1
'....    obama/biden   2012',1
'lmao good one.  =)',1
'what does she look like from behind ?',1
'hear, hear!!!!',1
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+’f_i_s_h_’e’s-==}  ​ here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'it\'s the castro district of san francisco, for cryin\' out loud, so what do you expect from one of the most perverted and diseased areas in the nation.  they\'re just trolling for sex, similar to what bill clinton did in little rock and washington d.c., and what \'barry\' obama and \'rahmbo\' emmanuel do while they\'re in chicago.    this is democracy at its finest!',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'touche\' trisha!!!!!',1
'one word describes michelle obama......... " heifer "',1
'such a shame that a bigot would be a principal over young minds',1
'buy silver if you can\'t afford gold i was advised.',1
'isn\'t it a shame that because of fan magazines and the like, no celebrity or person in the public\'s eye has privacy. it is a basic need of the human race, someplace that we will feel safe from all prying eyes.    i hope that kate and william sue every rag that publishes those pictures and wins!!!!! who gave the right to impose on a person\'s privacy and that  includes sunbathing topless on a balcony in a house that you own or rent.   wouldn\'t it be great if no  one bought those newspapers or magazines that publishes pictures like that?',1
'yes ths country was founded on god....... its a shame that this country has gone   to the dogs...   if some one does not like this god  and country then get the hell out. go back under the rock that you crrawled out from under....praise god',1
'let me be brief          and to da point, the repubs are a bunch of heartless morons!!!!!!!! put them on a oneway ticket back to planet pluto!!!!!!!!!!! enough said folks!!!!!',1
'jude 1:17-19  but ye beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our lord jesus christ. how that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodlly lust. these be they who separeate themselves, sensual having not the spirit.',1
'they look butt ugly... no shape or form... no forearms',1
'guess i have to spell that word out  s p i c',1
'well according to all the comments ive read here (223 of them) ...statistically speaking obama will lose! :-)',1
'scout\'s honor: they should\'ve all been reported.  \'nuff said.     however, for any organization that would not want publicity, which is totally understandable, the next best honorable thing would have been to remove such molester from their organizations.   i can understand why the boy scout did not make it public. i also give them credit for removing such... many organizations did not even do that much.     the sad comment on our society is that many orgs, upon coming into the evils among them would simply to try and cover their own asssses rather than trying to remove that evil among them. with all pertiment understandings of today\'s organiz',1
'i don\'t care for him either, he can be funny but most of what he says comes off as more vile and hateful than just poking fun at things.  it\'s making his comedy too bitter for my taste.  i was just pointing out the obvious difference of religious people in america vs. the mideast-  since some people had to actually "go there" and try to make a comparison.  there really is no comparison.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'am i the only one here that is a professor of economics?     there are some really stupid people here, either that or they can\'t read my posts..',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with an older successful millionaire .they met via  ~ ​​​ś_é_é_k_i_n_g_ŕ_i  ​ ​​​​​​​​_c_h _ĉ_⊙_㎡~~ it\'s where for meeting older successful men & classy mature women, who are searching for their special someone.if  you are a mature woman and  wanna marry this kind of older successful guy .it\'s worth a try.               ',0
'the parent probably knew the gorillas well enough to know that the girl would not be in harm\'s way.',1
'there are some places in other states where that kind of "freedom of speech" will not be tolerated. the police will probably give you a ticket, but some of the citizens will make sure you never repeat the incident.',1
'children are always innocent. i\'ve smelled and seen more grown up people pee in every alleys of the city. i question the entire story in the first place. either, there\'s got to be more to this story or this is just another media made up story to fill space and time??  if we have come to a time where we ticket people for a 2 year old peeing on grass, then we have much more things to worry about...  if i were a parent and a law enforcement agent, i would not have even looked at it for a second. what\'s becoming of the city of brotherly love...? or the bell that doesn\'t ring?  this is beyond ridiculous.',1
'good advice, tarzan.',1
'god bless her with a long and healthy life filled  with happiness and joy, peace, prosperity wisdom and love. she is a beautiful young woman her beauty comes from deep within. not just skin deep. the man that wins her love will have pleasure and joy.',1
'i read the story >>> and can\'t help but wonder what really irked ? the thumbs downers. they gotta be either a school official or the school lunch program mafia!! you know who you are!!',1
'classic lady, no you like playing gotcha.., lol....it\'s what you do....  mostly i make comments or statements... i do like correcting your mistakes, misinformation....an  ​ d most of the time your response has nothing to do with my statement , my answer or my questions......    i made a statement about far right evangelic christians, and their impact on the gop and government and you ask me if i\'m an atheist...which has nothing to do with my statement....,changi  ​ ng the subject.,  or the problem i was talking about....or you offered to get rid of all religions.....the duck and weave...contributing  ​  nothing of substance.. to my original comment...',1
'i don\'t understand all the fuss it common practice in europe',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'what does the husband have to do with the fact that a mother happens to have traded in her suvs for a bike and is now taking six children around the city of portland, oregon? does the father get on the bicycle with them or maybe he happens to just be the income for the mother and the children, so what? she is still riding the bicycle within portland, oregon with her children and is making an environmental friendly decision that you still haven’t made.',1
'you know what, she is beautiful on the inside and i am ashamed of those people who can\'t see that. she has a beautiful voice, compasion, and she is stronq and can really qive inspiration. she is qorgeous and shouldn\'t let anyone else make her think otherwise. she indeed is not the uqlyest woman on earth :)',1
'not surprising. i don\'t know why these stupid people aren\'t reported. how do these #uck ups sleep at night? not the predators. the ones that know of the crime, and yet do nothing. and you know they go to church too, sit in the front row. i think some new laws need to be introduced. i think the ones that don\'t do anything are just as guilty as the piece of #hit that did the crime. and their for should have to do time in general population. and with any luck be turned out within their first month. for a pack of smokes. something needs to happen.',1
'americans have turned into a bunch of whiny pussies.get a life you bitchers.',1
'who says we are civilized.',1
'world full of ignorant a-holes.',1
'hey ****      the founding fathers were deists not fundamentalist christians. they were children of the enlightenment not fools.',1
'so being a democrat means you like taking dick?',1
'absolute insanity, just like creating killer bees, why clone wolly mammaths going to make a jarassic park ? these things weren\'t meant to be in the first place or recreated after they were gone, stinks to me, but who the hell am i ??',1
'personally i would have no problem with a little one relieving themselves as long as it is done in an out of the way area like behind a tree, bush or such that would hide them as much as possible.       i would be opposed to it, if it were allowed in the open, in plain view of everyone that may be around.       after all animals do it all the time and birds are even known to hit a human target or two.',1
'no. it seems like a pretty lousy thing to do. just because i think my body is ok doesn\'t mean everyone else does, so i don\'t have any stories about that.     however, i was once crammed, nude, into a toilet stall with 26 other marine recruits. i know, try to contain yourselves, ladies, it wasn\'t as much fun as it sounds like. we were still at the point in training where everyone else in the platoon was a complete jerk for screwing things up and getting us into situations like being crammed into crapper stalls. and those insurgent pricks in guantanamo complained about being stacked into pyramids. i wish we\'d been in a pyramid, it would have been a lot more comfortable. and orderly.      i don\'t even remember why we got shoved in that stall in the first place other than that somebody wasn\'t showering fast',1
'would have occurred naturally ? r u on freekin drugs or somethin ?  those responsible for the embassy attack should be boiled in oil',1
'taze the stream.',1
'canada, britain, australia... they are all run under the same spirit basically. canada and australia, after all, are under the general rule of british empire. so that\'s not surprising. the queen being the head of the church, her rule still reaches to all her countries. she\'s a wise queen.     to select the sex of your baby is a form of greed. a technical greed that allows for some to hoarde what they wish, in a way. i try to stay away from any and all forms of greed.     what about the right of the baby that was to be a part of this world naturally? to override that right to have someone else is no different than one baby rule of china. at least in china, the rule is all equally applied... well, if you are wealthy and can pay the fine to have more, you are allowed to have more...it\'s unfair but it\'s also fair, i guess.',1
'niels bohr.',1
'to even ask this question is a sick,  pathetic, joke.  this is the state of our media today - bought and paid for !    msn = nbc = ge = zero taxes paid = the payback = constant great media coverage = campaign contributions = kick backed to unions = fraudulent voters =   comrade barrack hussein barry soetoro obama',1
'i think i already knew drugs make you dumb, and in order to bring the general population of this country up to the intelligence level of a normal functioning adult.      this implant is going to need to be at least 10 times more effective than it is in this study,',1
'i would like to see the royal snatch',1
'go to the castro district in san fran, they would love to see your cannon out there! haha',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'man on man (gwb)- stop baiting people with idiot statements.',1
'the fruits of the government backed, cash cow medical industry are finally going rancid. there are treatments (natural and outside of big pharma), but physicians, pharmaceutical companies, and the industry controlled fda will never tell you about them, because they cannot control them nor reap the big profits. no, this is not a crazy, brainwashed fanatic talking. i am a person of terminal cancer experience, whose soul mate is now living a near normal life after going through pure chemo hell for over three years. i got tired of her being bed ridden and nauseated on a daily basis, and with the help of god, found cancertutor.com. we together decided to first try one of the least risky (all natural) protocols. it has now worked for three years! she is the only survivor out of  the girls she started treatment with. if we could now find a way to rid her body of the debilitating effects of the chemo! it is funny though how simple flax oil and cottage cheese, along with other supplements, and a proper diet can halt the spread of cancer. open your eyes and read about medical history at international wellness directory.',1
'you\'re a freak a$$ muslim aren\'t you????!!!! pos',1
'don’t know where to find a single lesbian ? you can  go ~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                 ',0
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+’f_i_s_h_’e’s-==}  ​ here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'99% of the red light cameras today include a video clip of your car before, during and after the infraction.      your argument is invalid.  end of discussion.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'the currency is okay as it is .  instead lets get bill maher off t.v.',1
'she\'s not ugly at all. though she can\'t put on weight because of her condition, it isn\'t hard to see that she would actually be very attractive if she were able to fill out. the really ugly people in this world are the ones without character or ethics and morality.',1
'don\'t know why these people continue to embarass themselves.  no self respect or any  dignity.  how sad our society has become, sex, money, drugs, foul language and violence.',1
'music news -- "good charlotte guitarist is dad again."    it can\'t be that slow of a news day, can it?',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.  ​ ​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'while visiting a small island in the harbor of auckland, new zealand, waiting for the ferry boat to return me to auckland, i noticed a small faerie penguin swimming on his back, and only moving one wing.  this wing seemed to "waving" at me.  the ferry boat captain rowed out to him and brought him to me in a paper pet box used to transport small dogs in the ferry boat.  while on the ferry boat, i could not resist a closer look at the bird.  i took him out and held him in my arms like a baby, gave him a hug and a kiss, and he allowed this with what seemed to be no fear and full trust.  i guess he knew he needed help.      since everyone else had to work that day, i was designated to take him to the bird lady.  they directed me to the first bus and from one bus to another, everyone seemed to know exactly where to guide me to find her.  i was personally guided there by one of her many volunteers who was riding the last bus.   ',1
'yes, the kids have been played as pawns. now that the jewish holidays are over, can people get back to work from the free holidays? there are more than one way to ask to have the time off for your religious holidays if you have the mayor on your side! so i had heard...     perhaps they, the city of chicago with the ruling jewish party, move the school year to accommodate the jewish holidays so the leaders can attend to them without having to worry about school children.     btw, i get the feeling the teachers will get just what they wanted anyhow. it\'s been fun watching the play playing for time.',1
'nobody wants to see two dudes holding hands and kissing either but they throw that in our face everyday.     deal with the sex in public as that is the crime not being nude.',1
'.... this won\'t work on a teabagger ..... their one celled brain would blow a fuse.',1
'not only do you have to have that "certain" singer with that "certain" vocal, you must have that "certain" song to promote that individual.  it truly is the song or songs that makes or breaks the singer.  look at american idol, they have had clay akin, not a big hit but one hell of a vocalist.',1
'obama = douche bag',0
'skywalker ranch, that or any place they filmed raiders of the lost ark.',1
'no.',1
'that\'s because there is no muscle, it\'s all synth. some bodybuilders (and only themselves call them that) inject synthol directly into their muscle, it only makes then look like the michelin man.  for what a real bodybuilder should look like google image ronnie coleman.',1
'seems like san franciscans are all about airing their differences.     you have to figure that any city that is morally bankrupt enough to keep re-electing nancy pelosi and the mob in sacramento would have a situation like this. i don\'t know of any other city that allows public nudity, and i do not know if any other city (outside of chicago) that would be stupid enough to keep re-electing nancy pelosi.     the cure would be to spray them down with cold water. they would have to get dressed or freeze.  you could also spray them low with camphor oil. it will get them moving in no time!',1
'seems to be a lot of information left out of the article.  prior condition of victim, vector, a whole raft of things.  hospital infections have always existed, that is why most doctors and hospitals want you out asap.',1
'do a search on syntol which is an injectable substance and you will see individuals with liquid filled muscles. i am sure this guy was big and muscular with training and steroids etc, which takes a lots of hard work and training but injecting this into your body to inflate yourself is crazy.',1
'...the media has a tone in their voice like kate is some sacred cow and now a victim..."whatever"!  ​ !...its a small price that the privilege have to pay while we all struggle to make ends meet so i thnks its great! besides if it were that much a concern in the first place  why the heck did she prance around top less???...',1
'dad uses it to get to work, he\'s a neurosurgeon.',1
'no, he probably can\'t wipe his a$$.',1
'nope',1
'i agree. lizzie\'s story is a great one and it\'s nice to read "most\' of the replys. at the same time i\'d like to take all of the shallow, calloused heart posters to task. (grrr)    i watched a couple of her other video\'s and found them very touching. choked me up a bit even.        glad to hear you are well, i am fine thank you for asking.  :)',1
'can we get this team of scientists to the white house pronto????',1
'mamma griz you are a lesbian huh? lol chewing a big griz dip talking to butch your girlfriend. you force your beliefs on us but when we speak against it we are the ones who are wrong lol? umm no bitch you are the ignorant one i will never "have" to except or shut up for you gay bitch!',1
'depends on what you call "public" when i joined the navy some of the older ships did not have shower stalls. one large "stall" with 6 or 8 showers. most high schools were the same. i guess that\'s public enough. as for walking around outside. no.',1
'hahaha how naive .',1
'they will get theirs in due time she said.  think about how much road space individual bikes would take.   this way keeps them close together and gives her more exercise.',1
'gilbert grapes mom had a bicep like that.',1
'but it\'s all good when your priest or pastor molests your kids',1
'wow,    footloose part 2    (good grief,those crazy hooligans! lol)',1
'boardwalk empire, rome, deadwood, spartacus, sopranos...  half this list wasn\'t written for men.',1
'i can say with certainty that this show has brought the unexpected back to tv!  bravo to all that had anything to do with the production of this series!  i don\'t watch television much, but this show has been a must see for me every week.  reality is a bitch, and breaking bad brings it home.  if any series ever matches the drama and unexpected turns that this show has brought, i will be truly amazed.  thank you to all the actors, producers and everyone involved in this phenomenal show for entertaining me beyond my wildest expectations!!',1
'next time up, as they say "the truth hurts little man!!!!!!!! the two cowards bushy and side kick cheney, were a frikken joke!!!! their both a total disgrace to this great country!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​  obama all the way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​  :) next time get your \'facts" straight little man !!!!!!!',1
'all obama supporters. need i say more?',1
'good ol\' farm living!   can\'t beat it for well being and health.',1
'@the black sheep of the family-   this does not happen anymore-   my cousins boyfriend in london has a choice of carrying a handgun,   he is a bobbie but he chooses not to,   i didn\'t know how to take it but..   he was here on vacation (holiday),and felt america is quite barbaric about our laws.   (i didn\'t say anything because i am pro gun,i will protect myself,friends that are over and all my valuables in on my property,   no punk a$$ will take them away!)',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'only the smallest of brains will not get you joke, metalhead.',1
'i just want to know why the actress has lost everything personally and professionally while the  director seems to have had no consequences whatsoever.   he committed adultery with a girl half his age that basically reported to him at work.  i see it as work place sexual harassment plain and simple.  however, the director has been signed on for the second "snow white and the huntsman" movie and no news on his marriage in crisis due to his adultery.  she loss her job since the script has been completely rewritten in order to eliminate her lead character (see, it does not pay to sleep with the boss ...if you get caught) and she loss her man to boot.  wouldn\'t it have been easier to get a new director and keep the storyline and main character?  amazingly sad and extremely clear that the "double standard" and "good ole boys club" is alive and well in liberal and progressive "old hollywood" in this day and age.   omg:  the old "director\'s couch" still lives!!',1
'lots of relationships are stronger after a breakup. like, twenty years after it, when the two have matured a whole lot and forgotten everything that tore their relationship apart in the beginning. the perpective of time, the reflection of one\'s youthful flaws and the evolution of one\'s character eventually change people into someone better and more suited for a more mature relationship as time goes by. patterson sounds needy and insecure. steward sounds like she needs to sow some wild oats. but, they still seem to love each other despite the needs of one to settle down and the other to stay single and have fun. so young. when you\'re in your early and mid-twenties and were thrust together into fame as teens, what kind of chance have they had to really mature when all they\'ve done is live in a fantasy world, both in front and behind the cameras? but, i hope they do get together, if only for my twiharders here at home, so that i can have some peace and quiet from the emotional tempest.',1
'i don\'t know if i would or not, but i sure do wish i had the energy it would take.',1
'@someone,why dont you go back to posting those stupid love match **** you usually post on here?..you probably smell like malt liquor yourself because people speak about what they are doing so i figure that is why you know about the smell of malt liqour..better yet you probably smell like vomit you stupid  butt head by the way beavis is calling he miss his side kick  .you sound like a stupid little bitch,is it because they are black and probably have more than you will ever have in your dumb life you are so jealous that is why you are straying from the topic to make personal attack on these people..',0
'fat boy was an ****. too bad he didn\'t have a sense of humor in the beginning.',1
'space stuff. haven\'t mastered the language yet, so i don\'t know?',1
'"i love people, whether they are conservative or liberal....the major problem with conservatives is they always ask a liberal, what it was like...?.before they put their toe in..life is much more fun being a moderate.".....re-to  ​ g  2012',1
'no matter how you break it down -- whether by party/ideology, household income, age, or any other category -- the majority of americans agree on one thing: there is no recovery.    there will be no jobs until we have a new administration in the whitehouse. obama is doubling down on debt and devaluing our nations currency as fast as he can before a new president takes office in january    is the new world order goal (assisted by soldiers hillary and  obama\'s handlers) to create so much economic havoc that the world will rush with relief into the waiting arms of a global economic policeman with its privately-created global currency.',1
'nothing can make you smart,,,very intellegent people do very stupid things.  it\'s character and wisdom that are developed from experience,trials and triumphs,  science will never ever ever be able to make someone smart.  as a matter of fact,,, if you look at liberals and democrat which make up 98% of the worlds godless sodomites,,it\'s very clear that science makes you weak and stupid.  science i like,,,,looking to science for all of lifes answers,,,,well you can cleary see the devastating outcome it has had',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'yeah! we are all nude at the auto repair shop i work at! it\'s a hoot! you outta see the look of the customer\'s faces when they first walk in! haha! (yeah, just kiddin!) and no, i have never been nude in public! :)',1
'its so sad; those boys;  they had such a good career going on .  popularity abounding, doing their best to improve society.    maybe the gas pedal stuck, or somthing got jamed in the carberator, im sure it was the car\'s fault.    that dam steering wheel was outa wack.   maybe they were using the wrong fuel.   that can cause lots of problems you know.  were they eating crazy bread?, and drinking red bull.  it does give you wings.   maybe they were playing chicken... god works in misterious ways.',1
'better hurry before obama gets relected  and has forced abortions!',1
'the world population is only 7.9 billion stupid.',1
'well san francisco is know for the liberal ways.  it\'s not only nudity it\'s many other things that are tolerated there.  if you\'ve visited the homeless issue is totally out of control and begging is so common you\'re uncomfortable walking the streets.',1
'31c.... please understand that my use of \'you\' was in general and not condemnation of your lunch, or a direct response to your post. if reading comprehension is your issue, go back and read the article.  it concerns rude behaviour of cell phome users, examples range from talking on one while ordering a meal to using one while visiting with friends.  my example was rhetoric...... my point was and is this:  rude if \'you,\' again generally speaking, are with someone.  if \'you,\' again, generally speaking, are alone, not rude. see?  the example i used was apparently a poor choice, you have obviously never overheard x-rated conversations, in public, with children close by.  "what?  f****, no!  i\'m having lunch."  there that is so much better!   as far as me creating \'the scene,\' i suppose there are those that could relate to my statement without feeling self conscious, and could respond without including a personal attack.  looking at the \'thumbs\' on the left, it is apparent that there are those out there that see i am on your side, even though you cannot.   talk about sheep!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'when a violation is committed, it\'s not the driver who should be punished with a ticket. it should be the "vehicle\'s owner", as in fact the vehicle made the infraction.  let the vehicle\'s owner pay the fine and the vehicle\'s owner can  determine who has to repay the owner.     since violations have to be reported to the owners of vehicles it would also solve a problem of unauthorized abuse by authorities (police cars, etc) who were not on a emergency call at the time of infraction.  this would help keep our roads safer.     please don\'t mess with a system that may save your life even though the operators of the system makes a profit. this profit may reduce your taxes via less police needed to respond to accidents and less time spent in your vechicle when ther',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'you need to get your priorities in order.  perhaps if you found a nice church to join it might help.  they could council you in how to handle cope with all of your mental anguish that seems to be weighing so heavily on your poor mind.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'please do not send your  tx **** to mexico',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'the really sad thing is jersey shore is one of the few reality tv shows ending. shows like 30 rock are just ending their runs but more, sorry all, of the reality tv shows should be cancelled and that genre done away with completely as it has brought a lingering cancer to television entertainment, including the cable channels and once original channels like a&e.',1
'wow. what a surprise. never saw that coming. [sarcasm]',1
'the best club　for allowing senior people come together as couple and start new period of their lives,i joined __seniorloving __ one month ago, what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now~',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'did anyone notice the supervisors name is wiener - ha ha',1
'even if romney gets elected, we would still have that $16t deficit when he would first get into office,....and he wants to increase defense spending. we\'ve already spent trillions on middle east wars. we need to get this expense down and bring the rest of our troops home.    if romney does not plan on raising taxes, how will he close the deficit and balance the budget?',1
'blah blah something racist, blah political garbage, blah blah obama hates kittens,  romney hates puppys, rabble blah, conspiracies, rabble blah socialism, anti middle class blah blah blah... can we start talking about pot now?',1
'i am mother fizzlin tired of these mighty flying snakes on this monday to friday plane!',1
'this lady should be commended for her energy,patient,excit  ​ ement,the happiness that this brings her,and the health this bring to her life,this is her choice and i am very sure this bring her children and herself closer still.      for all u boneheads out there to chase your negative thought towards this,well i do suppose that is 1 way to spend your time is it not,idiots.',1
'the question is will we be better off if we let the same folks that got is in this mess get us out of it. history will not be kind to our media......',1
'yes.  she is only human like the rest of us.  give her a break!',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'i love panda\'s so i think the name should be kimba the adorable panda it just seems to go with his cuteness :)',1
'no thank you ellen!your show and your life style is not welcomed in our home.you promote sexual immorality of the worst kind.yours is the pretty face that has seduced our nation into believing that we can break god\'s laws regarding sexual relations and not pay a terrible price both now and in the life after this one.  god has blessed us with sexuality but it has it\'s limits and boundaries.within the marriage covenant between one man and one woman sex is a gift.outside marriage it is a destructive fire that will consume both the individual and nation that buys into the philosophy of soddom and gomorrah.  please read the first chapter in the book of romans, new testament,verses 18-31.god, in unmistakable language spells out exactly how he views the gay lifestyle, and warns us to avoid it if we wish to be happy.',1
'i, myself personally, have never been caught by these cameras. i do not think that cameras should be allowed and then the driver ticketed because you can not directly face your accuser like you can with a standard ticket. however, i am all for the cameras when the are placed at intersections were there are numerous car wrecks caused by people who run red lights. in those instances, you have photo proof of who actually went through the light because the picture is snapped the instant the light turns red. i know that in davenport, ia, when they installed the cameras near my home, i could go nearly 2 weeks without hearing the sirens being called to an accident. prior to that, i would have heard then 2-3 times a night. in these instances, i am all for the cameras and fines that come with them when a collision is involved.',1
'its a tv show, for adults whom are matrue enough id hope to not reenact a tv show, so no need to be a critic,',1
'doesn\'t san francisco have a law or a code against indecent exposure?     what i\'m suggesting is, that the city is far older than many other major urban locales and yet, no laws against such obscenity? that would be unlikely.     if laws are on the books, well, enforce them.     there are many good reasons that laws against public nudity exist in the civilized world, and should anyone not understand those reasons, there\'s no point in going over it here.',1
'1. if you refine heroin for a living,  but you have a moral objection to liquor.   you may be a muslim     2. if you own a £3,000 machine gun and £5,000 rocket launcher,  but you can\'t afford shoes.   you may be a muslim    3. if you have more wives than teeth.   you may be a muslim     4. if you wipe your butt with your bare hand,  but consider bacon unclean.  ',0
'i love fresh parrot soup!',1
'you need to move to cubia',1
'the hunt brothers were wealth people tried to control the price of silver in the 70\'s it went up to 50 dollars a ounce and then it dropped like a bomb and they lost there wealth over night there greed backed fired hell i would have sold them some beach front property in arizona if they wanted to get rich fast p.s. i would have gave them cool aid to drink to',1
'san francisco....  nothing but immoral decadence.  that\'s liberalism for you.',1
'obama/biden  2012',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'tom..... funny         obama/biden  2012',1
'kate hasn\'t got much for boobs, what\'s the big deal?  now, if she had a sweet set of ff cups slappin\' around every time she walked somewhere, that would be worth seeing!',1
'anyone with tattoos on their face should hit a wall at 120 and if they are rappers it makes it even better-------ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha',1
'barny fife if he was a woman,,,,',1
'there is no more freedom of speech exist in u.s at least not anymore . you say something wrong they will come and pick you up from your house and i have witnessed this before. and as far about the film concerns we need to stop making films like that because this freedom of speech bull.s is gonna gets us more in trouble than anything and our citizens over seas n around the world r going to be in danger ...we gotta cut all this media propaganda b.s and find out why the jews run all the media and the banking system????? they are the 1 behind all this drama causing us bleed',1
'i think this is great............rth  ​ is lasy nust havw stamina galoew even thoufh some of the older kids can also pedal tro help......... great contraption',1
'i applaud her for making the effort to live a more environmentally friendly, sustainable life.  this may not be for everyone.  each of us needs to find our own ways of attaining sustainability.',1
'it\'s because we have a bunch of idiots who think they are smarter than the rest of us and decide to treat themselves with leftover anti-biotics i.e. either they or somebody else they know didn\'t take all of a previous prescription letting another strain of infection gain immunities. either take the right amount or dont take them at all.',1
'he should be free to make his choices.  god knows there\'s enough places gays can go to get their fix.  it\'s nice to know straight people can feel comfortable too.',1
'if you are condemning the president for the financial crisis, is your opposing option to vote for an unsavory business predator who liquidated companies for profit, robo signed away homes and used offshore bank accounts?    come on, wake up. every aspect of today\'s financial omnipotence and corruption was initiated from 1999 through 2007. documents have dates. it isn\'t blame, it\'s facts. we are indeed going down and a whole lot of college bred fools will get their wallets shredded because they live in a fantasy world. that\'s education. the rest is manipulation. the more you hide the fact that the bushes were crooks, the longer it will take to fix us and restore integrity and progress.',1
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~ \                   ',0
'yes i can read, where does your friendly come in?',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.                ',0
'"babbling old fool" is a correct description. i saw some humor in it, even though it was rather cowardly to attack an empty chair. but hey, he might not have realized it was empty. just sayin\'...',1
'nya nya nya dont start blaming the paparazi now, she is not even supposed to be near an automobile so shut that crap up right off.',1
'alot of people keep commenting on gerbils.  i didn\'t know gere was gay, is he, or are they just being little smart a$$es',1
'they should all be fired.',1
'test',1
'wow! i had no idea that people were allowed to walk around nude in parts of sf. you could certainly never get away with that in la. anyway i understand that sf is a very liberal minded city but being liberal and tolerant does not mean just letting anyone doing any absurd thing they want to do anytime and anyplace they want to do it. and i for one don’t want to see a bunch of naked old codgers walking around town letting it all hang out. if they want to occasionally be naked around other people then they can go to a hotsprings. that’s what i do. i’ve been frequenting hotsprings since i was a teenager and there is definitely something very freeing about enjoying nature with others, totally unencumbered by the confines of clothing. but why on earth would anyone want to walk around town naked? and why would we as a society allow them to do so? and don’t even get me started on the hygiene issues. anyway people can’t just claim that anything they want to do is some kind of religious belief and therefore their constitutional right. and we should not let them dupe us or guilt trip us into thinking we are somehow being intolerant for not allowing them to do whatever they want to. we have to',1
'please tell me this article isn\'t real. this is one of the most misrepresented, biased and incorrect articles i  have read by some obamabot trying to persuade people that it\'s not that bad. really? let\'s see the deficit has doubled in four years and climbing. unemployment has been over 8.3% for over 40 straight months not to mention over 10% for  several months. inflation is up significantly. the market has been artificially inflated, people for the next bubble. there is no growth in true gdp,  if anything we are in the 0 to negative range if you take other factors that the congressional budget office doesn\'t. the trade deficit is widening and growing. for every job clinton and the former michigan governor cited during the dnc half of them were temporary jobs that no longer exist.',1
'hahahahahahahaha... poor cry baby phaggot doesn\'t like it that one tooth rednecks dont like him....... phag!!!! loser freak!!!!!',0
'@tnicole, sorry your opinion of clint means nothing as far as the election goes, and forgive me but anyone who votes for obama is an idiot. even if it was einstein. obama has plunged the country into more debt and if you want social security your best bet is r&r....',1
'i could pass out doughnuts on a nude beach',1
'deemed not fit    you  sound queer go  back to iran and take imbred  family with you',1
'i see the unemployed socialists living in mom\'s basement are coming out to thumbs down...     i hope you all got your chores done so you got your allowance to buy your pot and beer...     how does it feel to be a flea on the back of the working men and women of america?',1
'no offense but what exactly do you watch, besides a few of the shows listed here, you have reality shows about douche bags, and some interesting stuff sometimes on the discovery channel or national geographic...let me guess, fox news!!',1
'mlp is so sexy and such a good actress. i love weeds and will miss it.',1
'if you are 6 years unemployed, you lost you job under bush not obama',1
'i will miss spartacus.   the rest, i could care less.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'leave those homo\'s alone they run the world not you',1
'i feel awful for her. anorexia is a living hell and is so painful. i do hope that she recovers. i\'ve been there.',1
'yes they should. they can pay for all the illegal kids to get free lunches but they can\'t give a child whose bill is a few days late a sandwich. give me a break. i hate the school system, i think teachers are the pits and need to go back to school themselves to learn how to really teach. plus some schools offer pbj to those who don\'t have a lunch or don\'t have money in their account. well let me tell you that peanutbutter or peanut products shouldn\'t be allowed because of allergies. the school system sucks and so do the people who run them. they act like the $2 are going to break them. we support those who are here living free off the government and we have children with disabilites who pay and they can\'t get a sandwich. sad, very sad. that cafeteria person should be held accountable and they should refuse him/her food for a few days.',1
'get a f\'cking clue, idiots!    it isn\'t that "some muslims are good, evidently because they don\'t kill over things such as this ....................  ​ ...........the fcking point is that .............. none ................ of the majority of the worlds population, even with its\' many religions, no one had to kill anyone over this, ....................  ​ . yet the killing type muslims just seem to have no end to them!    yes, a population 5x as big as the muslim population, feels no need to kill because someone "said" something!',1
'chicago was the worst film ever.  the film and its actors did not even deserve any kind of look by the oscars.  it should have been nominated by oscar meyer (baloney!)  i took the rented dvd back and got a refund.  richard gere has only made 2 movies worth seeing:  officer and a gentleman and pretty woman.  he pretty much has sucked as an actor since those movies.  can you say gerbil, richard gere, and superman in the same sentence without laughing?!',1
'pro man/women is not anti gay.',1
'so funny that people, the press keep going on about her wearing his stuff when the real clue was right under their noses. the gold band she\'s been wearing since it first appeared after her 20th birthday and is never off her hand. and there it was on her finger in toronto. now what self respecting woman would continue to wear a ring in public given to her by a man who\'d kicked her to the curb?      the only facts in this entire story were those photos that are up for interpretation, her uncharacteristic apology given under an extrodinary and unprecedented circumstance and from her camp that she never had a sexual relationship with that man. that\'s it. after this story initially broke, the official source dried up as this is pattinson and stewart\'s mo. for three years they never said sh*t about their relationship. everything else was nothing but speculation (a lot of it lifted from twitter chat and recycled by the gossip rags and sites). and why would the celebrity press do that? to keep',1
'you still need to pay for public college it isnt public school... its community college how is it you gays can force straight people to fall in line yet we cannot stand our ground and say go back home already. f off',1
'awhile back i watched a news story of a woman who did a large sum in rebates and the irs counted it as income. she had to pay taxes on it.',1
'we need to stop using all these antibiotics for the majority of illnesses, and conditons that really don\'t need them!! overuse is already creating these drug-resistant superbugs! and stop using all the anti-bacterial stuff! they should have never mass marketed all the soaps, cleaners and sanitizers for regular use! it belongs in the hospitals and nursing homes, where there are alot more chances of contracting a serious illness!',1
'i did not vote for obama. i will not vote for obama this election. however, i must take exception to your comment "i am concerned that america will vote incorrectly"...there  ​  is no such thing as an "incorrect" vote.',1
':let them take the class. let them also be registered as the sexual deviates they are.',1
'one time when i was young i told my parents i had to go and we where at a water park called white water  and my parents told me to hold on i couldn\'t take it any more and went to the edge of the wave pool and just  started peeing off the edge into the pool they wanted to throw us out i dont know why every one pees in the pool just not like that',1
'maybe that window guy\'s dog got on the table or something. or tried to eat the baby. hell, maybe the dog committed suicide. we don\'t know. unless this guy had witnesses saying that he was last seen screaming, "i\'ll kill the dog. i swear, i\'ll kill it!!" (thanks, perry mason) we can\'t base a law on this. i heard on the radio about a guy and his family leaving a restaurant when a pit bull mauled his toddler. the guy went home for a bat and killed the dog. he got 2 years. animal abuse my azz. good thing it wasn\'t my kid...i\'d have set the fcker on fire and then put him out with an axe.    however, if you see someone dragging a dog behind their pickup, tie the rope around his neck and go for a ride. cruelty for cruelty\'s sake is perverted and wrong. just be sure...right now you\'d get in more trouble for kicking a kitten than for kicking a kid.',1
'hitler and ibm(the american computer giant), used a pre-computer punchcard system to catalog the millions of concentration camp victims.    (i can\'t remember all of the codes)  2- jehova\'s witness  3- jews  7- homosexual  9- communist(union members and activists, any pro-labor person was deemed "communist" by hitler and executed, sounds just like republicans dream for killing union members in america)   ',1
'no offense intended, but, i think it has something to do with the power grid that we have today, where the gay power runs most of the energy? did i miss something?? yes, i understand that we have many powerful gay people running our country, and the world for that matter, behind the scenes, but, still... i missed the humor, i think? can someone please explain to me the butt aspect of this dream imagery??     i am trying to be civil and trying to see the point, but... i may need help. perhaps i go take my understand pill...',1
'he did eat.... he didn\'t starve',1
'for army 1971 - 6 children does not mean she cannot afford birth control - it looks as though she actually loves children - as i love my 5.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via...........    ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'it\'s about damn time!!!',1
'i like it but it got way too sopranos and hatedd the whole losing money all the time **** like anyone well me with that kind of funding would make dam sure it was safe and got the hell out of dodge',1
'dr. pepper is making fun of christians. i wouldn\'t do that.     -coke',1
'absolutely! us humans certainly can predict a wild animal\'s behavior at any given moment!  just like that woman a few years ago probably knew her chimp would never rip her best friend\'s face off right before her very eyes.....get real would ya?',1
'no. hell no.',1
'synthol is not a steroid people its oil gee the public is so dumb',1
'i worked in public welfare for over 9 years, and saw many children who got letters from parents in jail, and many who never got letters. this is excellent for his family!  it shows he cares! good luck!',1
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                   ',0
'thank you for removing this garbage from tv',1
'the article said (not her) she uses the bike to pedal her 6 kids.  one rides his own.  she didn\'t say she had six.  i\'m sure she know how many she has.',1
'texas tugdriver...you obviously have been blessed with a great gift! we can learn so much from the animal kingdom that, we all too often forget, we are a part of! thanks for sharing!',1
'little known fact...i\'ve spent an invested in customizing my very own gothic theme bike from art animations in my studio.after a long six months it\'s near completion.no one has ever seen or known about this latest work.sometime next month i\'ll post a photo here om msn.when you see it you\'ll know it\'s one of a kind and money well invested..stay tuned america..thugs rule.',1
'humm and the devil is not real and muslims love us and peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches are for racist. what world do you live in?',1
'leave those homo\'s alone. they run the world, not you.',1
'hahahahahahahahahah it\'s a joke and a funny one wow people really need to stop being so easily offended over the dumbest bs in the world it will make your life more simple just seriously sit back drink a few dr. peppers and enjoy life and loosen up a little you only live once live it to the fullest.',1
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+’f_i_s_h_’e’s-==}  ​ here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'it is to bad most of the maggots that populate cities like san fran didn\'t do a little time in the service. maybe they would have grown up, or maybe they would not be bad mouthing the country so much. and maybe just maybe they would have stop voting over and over again for the dumbocrats. but no they think it cool or something to sit on a park bench with their 2 inch pecker hanging out!',1
'all koreans should go back to whatever country they came from!',1
'i bet your mama is a filthy dirty chicago street~horror! in bet you still eat your mamas stinky puss..!',1
'directv had free hbo this weekend, and i took the opportunity to watch maher for the first time. he\'s just as bad as i had suspected, although his man crush on obama is a lot stronger than i had realized.',1
'i thought clint\'s speech was great. too bad he\'s cheering on the side of satan.',1
'who u kiddin?',1
'this is to (seewhatimean188)...  ​ what people dont realize is that we are in a spiritual war (eph. 6:12) whether you want to be in it or not..... it started with the fall of mankind. man was created as free moral agents with power of intellect, will and emotions. we have the ability to choose are destiny. if we didnt that would make us robotic and not free. god wants us to freely choose to love, serve and worship him. the devil tried to tempt (jesus) (matt 4:11) to cast himself down from the pinnacle of the temple, in others words committ suicide, but jesus responded..(verse 7..."it is written..thou shalt not tempt the lord thy god\'...pls read). as i stated before the devil is a deceiver and if you know you were being decieved, would you be deceived? when god is absent from a person\'s life, they are left in a sea of moral weakness and human opinions!  there is a scripture in (ecc.7:17)  that states..."be not much over wicked (sinful) neither be thou foolish (a fool is a person that is lacking in wisdom and judgement): " why should you die before your time!!...please read....which leads me to this....2peter 2:9...."not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to rep',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'for 1 thing  it is alot safer for her to have them all tog. and close ,so she can keep and eye on them all and not have to worry  about any of them getting grabbed    a stranger or hit by a texting or drunk driver !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!   u go gurl  ^5 to u',1
'it\'s a person\'s character that makes one ugly or beautiful.  if she has a beautiful character, then why title it "the world\'s ugliest woman".  i would have titled it "world\'s strongest woman".',1
'they can take my former future orders and give them to the apes.  very shortsighted and backward thinking.',1
'if i had a parrot, i would teach him to say braaawk obama.',1
'a penny for your thoughts?',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'no',1
'i don\'t suppose it ever occured to him that he is a shitty actor.',1
'what a douche!!!!!!!',1
'for a second there i thought she was going to bring up something about race.',1
'after reading about one  hundred or so posts i think i can conclude two things. if you are working you hate obama and if you are not working you hate obama.  the election will involve beating two enemys.  the liberal media and all the effin lies and blame crap this man obama can pay to be made up.  and no more bush did it crap, or romney tax record, or fake outrage or accusing someone of hating women.  i can never get over the sight of obama sitting on the couch on the view with his legs crossed and hands folded like all the other old fat hose, and  pandering for votes.  the godless, clueless, defunct party of the uneducated unemployed prideless misfits. did i miss anything?',1
'isiur- you\'re probably right, they still act like barbarians from the dark ages.',1
'pro man/woman may not be anti gay but, i am.',1
'in my high school days, some of the young women killed more prey than most of the young men killed.  then there were those who never killed any at all, not even a fish.',1
'am i, or anyone else, surprised at this occurrence in san fran? when you step on the slippery slope of morality, there is no telling where that slope will take you. do the letters s and g ring a bell?',1
'dream of being in a nazi concentration camp and was treated badly, being fed only bread and water this dream  repeated itself for many years  age 5 thru 12.',1
'first they should have de loused him  and then burn off all std genital warts  and anything else in his junkyard.',1
'i have no problem with gays just put them all on there on island and soon they will all die out .',0
'and the guy\'s name is wiener?   really?',1
'me817...simmer down na',1
'and the guy\'s name is weiner?   really?',1
'how do i get my own panda?  oh, i guess i\'d have to start growing bamboo out back.',1
'i agree. the mother should\'ve just let the tike pee in pants to drip down on the grass!  that city sounds like it\'s losing something... you know?',1
'@ dominique325: you think that the reason our government (and, by extension, governments all over the world) is caught up in financial distress is because of illegitimate children? really? really?!    you are, obviously, an idiot. get a clue. read. and lighten up.',1
'i think she\'s a great inspiration for so many people. bullies are really cowards. they always pick on people smaller and weaker than they are.     my main concern is lizzie\'s eye. i know she\'s blind in it and i\'m worried about it becoming infected. with it being so close to her brain there could be some serious  problems if an infection set in. i have known several people who have had artificial eyes and they really like them.  if she can\'t afford it, i\'d love to see an ophthalmologist help her out.      lizzie is very smart and has much to offer. she should never think about killing herself as she\'s young and has a full life ahead of her. those bullies  who tell her she should kill herself are just insecure jerks.     hang in there, lizzie!!',1
'no actually thats more information than i got from msn, thanks for being straighforward with me patrick proctor you ****ing piece of ****...!',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i want to see her goo goo and her stinky~pinky!',1
'.  they were given cocaine but what they didn\'t say was the monkey got addicted after a while and when they put the electrodes to the monkeys brain it was so smart it was able to talk...  .  do you know what the monkey said?  .  "come on man! come on!... give me more cocanie! i\'ll do anything!!!!"  "hey! i\'ll suck your"  d  i ',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'don’t know where to find a single lesbian ? you can  go ~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~\\                 ',0
'this could be a fresh start on his life. i hope he shows up.',1
'me thinks the principal was absent from the thought school. silly, silly, silly.',1
'come on now, that is what you do in the privacy of your own home, backyard and vacation spots that allow it, but not in public where no one wants to see it no matter how attractive it is!!!  common sense people???',1
'the great lakes of america comprise about 21% or more of the world\'s fresh water.  states such as texas, and the expanse of desert states, including nevada, and california would love to get their hands on this abundant supply.  a water pipeline?  why not?     no, sorry.  the great lakes compact enacted by the states of the midwest surrounding lakes prescribe  for exact territorial  management of this abundant and precious supply of water.  the waters of the great lakes will not likely be leaving the midwest, anymore than the packers will be leaving green bay, wisconsin',1
'when you took that photo were you alive?',1
'yes, stupid, socialist...',1
'thats happens when your a skanky comaner.',1
'i totally would!',1
'i don\'t know of any. no trust,no way, no how!!!!!!',1
'it is only romney trying to make you cons believe his lying statements.  no one has ever mentioned removing the word "god" from money or anything else for that matter.  and guess what, there is no war on christmas either.',1
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                   ',0
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'mahers\' mom blew romney!',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!                ',0
'she says a lot of nice things . but no way to stop the  people  talks about  her',1
'ripoff...     stfu  1. why can\'t stupid ****s like you take the time to read an article before you open      your spermholes?!!!  2. if god said "be fruitful and multiply", where do you get \'heathen breeding\' from?  3. wtf do you mean by \'not our dna\'?   you got a monopoly on it?  4. what makes you think we are paying for "her and others like here?"  (sic)     5. how many others do you think there are there like her?   i hope, thousands more.  6. wtf exactly do you mean by "you expect me to follow from a woman/bike/kids to      wh/shame?", especially the wh/shame?   why should there be any shame here?  7. the "sperm donor" you refer to is her husband of over 15 years, named mitch. ',1
'well...gold was $250/oz cpi adjusted in jan \'73 and jan 02 .... and $1600/oz cpi adjusted in jan 82...     hmmm ... does what goes up also go down?',1
'i guess thats why he ran the money changers out of the temple, so everyone would put his name on their currency. by the way he needs money send all you have to the shyster of your choice.',1
'that means the drivers locking up their brakes were not paying attention to their driving.     i guess no one has ever heard of "defensive driving."',1
'no !',1
'slow down there, turbo. mass-marketing is not to blame for anything. the ominous-sounding "they" was just providing what people wanted. it\'s not like "they" sell us products to try to make us sick. "they" are people, too, and most of them are well-intentioned individuals who were trying to help, no less guilty than the state, the only other "they" that really exists.     it wasn\'t even really theorized until the 90\'s that viruses might co-adapt to their human hosts, though richard dawkins implied it in his research. go read some of his books if you\'re interested in the subject. he\'s widely acknowledged as the founder of modern evolutionary biology. he\'s an easy read, and pretty entertaining as well.      anyway. there has yet to be a study that truly proves co-evolution between viruses and humans, mostly do to lack of hum',1
'i screwed both of you good, as always! losers! lmao',1
'v_l  are you a ron paul supporter?',1
'no.  if it was okay/legal for a toddler, what would be cut-off age making it illegal?  would it be fair that someone slightly older is winkling and then gets a ticket or is fined?  will children have to start carrying id\'s verifying their age?  would they be peeing on private property, high pedestrian areas, or high visibility areas?  i feel it\'s uncivilized and sets a bad precedent.',1
'he\'s the principal not god, the community needs to remind him of that and demand the program be re-instated !   the community also needs to remind him that they pay his salary ! !',1
'thank god',1
'their ages at  24, 17, 15 and 14, nope!  however, i would love it if they would pedal me around! :)',1
'no fat chicks',1
'oh, who even cares? yuck.',1
'your municipality makes money selling water.     (you kids have no idea how this all really works, do you... we\'re in serious trouble!)',1
'why are hatetheists always trying to force their beliefs on everyone else!!!!',0
'i\'m a bisexual man who strongly feels that this principal-(thomas amons) should be fired because he is nothing more than a sexist, disrespectful, arrogant, hateful, selfish, insensitive, homophobic bigoted b*tch-(like many anti-lgbt people commenting on this topic)! he can despise homosexuality all he wants to....but that doesn\'t mean that he should act prejudice and discriminate against homosexuals-(or anyone of that matter) who are interested in cosmetology classes at their school. it\'s a huge disappointment to me that many people in this country-(& around the world) are still proudly holding on to that immature pre-school mentality-(ewwww!...  ​ .two boys or two girls are kissing....ewwwww!).  ​  i\'m not saying that women aren\'t capable of being homophobic bigoted jerks-(they\'re plenty out there in the world), but it\'s obvious that the only gender who sees same-sex people-(& same-sex relationships) as a huge threat and makes the most noise about it are heterosexual men-(possibly insecure miserable men hiding in their closets). men-(only those who have a problem with lgbt people), you really need to get it together. as far as religion is concerned...well....  ​ don\'t even get me ',0
'reminds me of bluto in the old popeye cartoons .',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'just enter your name below - this is your take on history?       this is how wwii got started -- germany was being squeezed for money by the wall street bankers. hitler came along and told the homeless starving germans that if they followed him he would kick the bankers out and give them jobs so they could all have a home and food on the table and a new car the volks wagon.        that was in 1934 he had kicked out the bankers by 1936 and had the germans workign again so in 1937 the bankers cut off all trade with hitler\'s germany and hitler just goosed the war making machine a little and built up a nice army and started to invade countries at first claiming they were part of old germany which they were poland was part of germany.       ',1
'... im with ya on this one tex ..... obama/biden  2012',1
'i think i\'m more worried about the nose dive of things in the middle east and the way our country is going. the super bug kills one at at time while countries like iran work on devices that can kill thousands in an even shorter time. which is more important to you???',1
'its about time!!!!',1
'as one of my high school classmates once asked, "if beauty is only skin deep, then why can\'t so many people see past the stuff?"  she was one of the most attractive women in the school, and i\'ve known other very attractive women who have asked the same question.  ultimately, it is the inner person who matters, not their appearance.',1
'i dont know why people really cares about hollywood trash , the rappers  or other trash that is called entertainment now adays , for all i care i wouldnt give you 10 dollars for the whole bunch of them. everytime i see one of these hollywood bimbos i just  think what a bunch of pass around ho"s.',1
'it\'s called synthol and it not only looks stupid, it is damaging to the body. humans are not supposed to be that big. even the pro bodybuilders do steroids. there is just no way a human can build that much muscle through working out and diet. i do not care how much protein you eat, or how many hours you spend in the gym.he spends 6 hours in a gym every day??? anything over 2 hours is to much and anybody that has any knowledge of weight lifting knows this. but if your ambition is to look like a douchebag, congratulations     http://acidcow.com/p  ​ ics/5770-victims-of-  ​ synthol-53-pics.html  ​',1
'no!',1
'i worry about everything.  thanks for adding something else!',1
'shouldn\'t that chimp be on a leash?  if leash law advocates were as fanatic as the paranoid christians that think the world\'s out to get them, the internet would be in flames right now.',1
'its not an animal that i held but one that robbed me.   one time i cooked a pot of macaroni and i left it on the stove to cool off.  as it was cooling i heard something odd outside my door so i opened it.  when i opened the door this large stray dog ran into my apartment knocked the pot of macaroni on the floor ate it up and then ran back outside.  it all happened so quick and i felt extrememly violated!',1
'i don\'t know what if any, the politics are behind gere not getting nominated, but i have my suspicions.  buddhists? this religion does not tap much into the jewish, scientology, kabbalah, fake gurus of hollywood much. the liberal actors often try to portray themselves as christ -like beings giving to starving kids and charity and looking down their noses at the pioneer spirit conservatives like clint eastwood and the late john wayne. so gere is nowhere. a liberal? a conservative?....no,  ​  he is a buddhist who let a gerbil run up his ****. this is a hard mountain to climb over rich.  keep that low profile and keep doing the great work you do....on the screen that is.',1
'cdn22 why bother posting when you sound like an ignorant twit?',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'theres millions of people who need electrodes to be implanted then cause they all must be on cocaine.',1
'i realize they are in the public eye most of the time but come on folks leave them alone.  they need time to get away just like the rest of us maybe even more since their every move is photograph.  we have absolutely no idea of the pressures they have so when they can get away leave them alone.    i hope they go ahead and sue them and somehow put a stop to all these pictures not just on them but anyone.  maybe we need to just stop buying these stupid magazines and get on with our lives too.  there are to many problems in this world to worry about what kate and william do on their vacations,  this also includes harry. god love him, he just can\'t stay out of trouble.  love him.',1
'how about the no talent hack get a real job!   how about cleaning up the port-a-pots. then we could have a s**t sucker driving the s**t sucker.    he could be a fluffer. one can assume he has had more balls on the chin than yogi bear.',0
'muslams are dirty sand rats! they didnt help build this country! we dont want to go to your country, yet they want to come to ours? go back to your sand box! they walk around in bed sheets, and hate us because our toilets flush??? mohamed is a gay lord! stop putting your women in bee keeper suits!',1
'this election is about the economy.  i am much worse off and i worry about how to get to retirement and what happens with our kids.  they come home after college because they can\'t find a job in their fields-teaching, business, medicine.  civics and laws aside, the president has the pulpit and can on his (or her) own clearly set the tone for the country or avoid the issue and spend.  we only had two guys who could turn around situations like this - clinton and reagan.  badly needed now...',1
'by train and then the metro. i think it is the same stop as the national navy medical center.',1
'your mama is a stinker. go eat her puss...!',1
'what are you talking about',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'thank you....i\'m blushing...thank you so much for your kindness, you are a very kind hearted person!!      have a great week and be safe, cowboy, you are a true gentleman my friend      i\'m smiling :)',1
'we all know copper mantality! good cop, bad cop, all a bunch of pigs that hang togeather like a bunch of muslim dogs!!!!',1
'no it\'s so much better just to let the kid pee their pants? ..    if it\'s right outside of an easily accessible rest room, then no..   but if you\'re out and about and suddenly someone is gripping themselves knock kneed and dancing from foot to foot ..   nature doesn\'t wait for the answering machine to pick up..',1
'no. the country is not better off under odumba.   enjoy the coming money crash. ol\'leroy got ben dover to do the qe3 thing. it\'ll work for a short time while the wall streeters gooble up at the hog trough. all it will do is cause a "us money bubble". and it will pop. then you will get to enjoy run away inflation. please join me in voting for ol\'leroy getting a second term. he has made a epic mess that he deserves to be in charge when it crashes. i plan on sitting back and watching this one happen.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'these queer people seem to not know the difference in sex and love. you love your mother, father your siblings and freinds, but you dont screw them',0
'nicole. big deal, he can act. that in no way makes him a morally upright man, nor does it mean he is qualified to be a political speaker.  your logic that his movies mean he is, is pretty scary and peaks volumes for the mentality of those using his speech as a chest pounding point here.',1
'lol, blacks are worthless.',1
'my last post before oboma muslims take over the usa  all you idiot go eat dogs.',1
'every one seems to be missing the real problem, including mr. wiener. it is not the nudity that is the problem, it is the intentional drawing attention to the genitals and public sex acts,(which i thought would be illegal already).   since nudity has been allowed for years i can\'t see banning it, but i can understand laws prohibiting the "over the line" behavior.',1
'kim kardashian.   (^0^)',1
'really, who cares...............  ​ ....................  ​ if you\'ve seen one set of boobs you\'ve seen um all. royal boobs are no different, lol maybe a heck of a lot smaller. maybe that\'s why william is so upset, folks get a look at his wifes little boobs.',1
'theres a bunch of tards in here..o would have gave him a lunch...ya if you paid for it... stfu',1
'and by the way, gay means happy, queer means strange unusual weird  the first thing satin did,in his socalled gay movement, is hijack the word gay, none of his plan will work if queers are thought of as strange and weird. you cant mainstream that which is weird',1
'very much like all of america.  we are all still waiting.  answers? solutions? cooperation? trust? adult behavior?  transparency?',1
'i don\'t underst',1
'a$$',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'you hit that nail right on the head!!',1
'i say old ,chap, do you have any grey poupon? by hair dyed mitts standards i\'m living in a cardboard box, and didn\'t know it. this clown needs new handlers,  or an ear bug that tells him what to say every day. man, is this the best the right can muster?',1
'bill maher will someday personally experience the backlash of his dictum in immoralism,,,  he will be burned at the stake by the very people he cultivated,,,he doesn\'t realize these people will   not respect anything and his last words will be  "but i was on your side"',1
'& you smell like shyt! only mad at yourselfs go drive a 13 mpg truck then!!! you probably have one parked outside.',1
'get this beautiful doggie on a diet! he deserves good health!',1
'it is only an educated guess. god controls the weather!',1
'what the story isn\'t telling you is that, typical for mid-east porn, the man is supposed to have sex with chickens, goats, sheep, cattle, and little kids.       the man probably objected to the kidnappers not having the correct color sheep to turn him on.',1
'and then they will beat them down for not working or being able to pay taxes.people like to say we live in a civil society,what a bunch of crap!',1
'this is one of the many ways mankind could be wiped out a virus an asteroid,nuclear war oh well thats how it goes nothing lasts forever and im sure this planet would be alot bettter off without human beings.enjoy every secound you only get 1 trip!',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?===(bing it) ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'isn\'t it bad enough they killed his mother?  the press, paparazzi or whatever they are called should only be able to film or take pictures of what is acceptable and allowable by the individual. people who posts stupid **** like" i can\'t wait to see her tits" are perverts and disgusting. they should be able to lead a somewhat normal private life away from the limelight.  they should be able to sue the photograhper and the company that they work for to the tune of enough money to put them out of business so the honest ones can stay without the competition of the evil.  it should be the same in every country, privacy is privacy.',1
'gladiator 2000 years ago.',1
'i guess that this would be a reeeeeaaallllyyyyy bad time to bring up the known fact (by people that actually do research :^o ) that the bible is really nothing more than a collection of some of the most plagarised stories of humanity. the majority of the old testament was nothing more than a group of cherry picked scare tactic stories intended to keep people in line with the "fear of god" concept.     but if your a christian you will almost certainly refuse to check out any of these facts yourself. after all. that is what you entire belief system is centred on. taking at face value what someone else tells you without ever even considering to ask even one question about the truth, validity, or actual source of what it is they are telling you.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'richard is sore?? my guess is he\'ll never be as sore as the gerbil.',1
'that\'s right bummer314, as a famous american once said " those that sacrifice liberty for safety deserve neither"',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'whether a woman has large endowments, decently large backside or a man has a physically fit body or a longer than average endowment himself, the phrase that there is "too much of a good thing" is correct.  you are born with what god intended for you to have, no less or no more and to even work out something until it gets to be a ridiculous size ... is just plain ridiculous!!!',1
'you should really just admit that your a liar,deciever,jealou  ​ s hatin,spamsnitching,  ​ gay-clinging,puppet bi/*/* troll who molested his [12 year old daughter] and defecates on his useless fathers grave for raping you in your granpaws barn during that corn season in your memories of yesterday..the world understands [inbreeders] just can\'t tell the difference whom they poke and fondle between the pigs and horse\'s with their gerbil weenies..lmfao,lmfao  ​ ,lmfao,i\'m like a demon in your infested brain like a virus on all out control..you [can\'t sleep] and your [every thought] is of me..[obssession] is an added disease that keeps you drooling for more..though your my [weakest puppet] on strings at least your always be here for [my amusement and entertainment] lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..b  ​ tw,i left you some [easy challenges] on other post..how about trying them to help you grow some american ballz [ol-yeller belly] mammy whore lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ or are you really a yeller dawg puppet..thugs rule.',1
'i dont mind lesbians but i do when they look like you smell. fishy!!',1
'do you agree that nancy pelosi has crotch crickets and chronic halitosis?',1
'why won\'t msn publishers, and  the evil and sinful gays just accept the fact that the boy scouts aren\'t going to let them in their private organization, it has gone to the supreme court already and the gay perverts lost.  if they want to get a list of pedophiles and perverts they can just simply go to their local gay bar, and find about 99 percent of them all together in the same place!!!  the boy scouts is a private club, they don\'t want to admit gay perverts/pedophiles,  ​ ​ deal with it and get on with you life gay people, everybody is sick of hearing you cry non stop!  most people would just go form their own private gay scout club, but the gays apparently can\'t do that, all they can do is keep whining to the public non stop like anybody cares!!!!  i guess the real reason the gays can\'t do their own gay boy scouts is because nobody would want to join!',0
'wow this is why people have been turning away from religion in drives the last 10-15 years. read an article showing how last few generations believe in god but not religion. this is probably one of the reasons. die hard religous types can say what they want and judge people all they want, but the minute someone says or does anything remotely detrimental  to their beliefs they are up in arms screaming foul. get over it people it was just a funny add. no more no less',1
'agreed when in your home you do what you want, i\'d expect more decorum from the next queen of england,',1
'the castro district i\'m told.       she has a swallow it booth at the folsom street fair to raise money for her campaign.',1
'2anne and army 1971 - you\'re both idiots. in case you didn\'t know - gas is more than 25cents higher on the west coast right now, so it costs a lot to drive. plus, why drive if you can get there in a way that doesn\'t waste gas and which also provides you with exercise so that you don\'t end up obese like half of the americans out there? families in the netherlands drive these bikes all the time and they\'re very safe. plus, portland is one of the most bike-friendly cities in the country. who cares if her kids like it? remember what it was like to ride in a car where 3 kids had to share the back seat and fought over who had to "sit on the hump" in the middle? as americans we are spoiled with our car culture and big vehicles. judging by your replies, you fall under that category. the kids are safe from the elements if they\'re properly attired - a little rain never hurt anyone but the wicked witch of the west.',1
'5 years ago i had very major surgery for an abdominal aortic anurism and have the 18 inch abdominal scar to prove it.  i spent 30 days in the hospital with half thattime in icu.  my care was excelent and the precautions all the medical people, from the drs. down to the people who cleaned to rooms took were by the book and never skimped on.  i had no infection problems.  i was 62 years old at the time and i am alive and kicking and enjoying life very much. i can count on 1 hand the times in my life i have taken antibiotics .',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once. \                 ',0
'in san francisco, the is no law against public nudity per se. nudity in itself is not considered indecent exposure, and nowhere should simple nudity be considered obscene. it\'s what people do when nude that can go too far.',1
'if we can teach the dude, we cansss teach anybodiessss, yum yummy, ummmm.',1
'not that i know of...',1
'do you think he made millions of dollars by being stupid? i doubt he did it by spending his time on msn now.',1
'are we better off under ol\' leroy, er, i mean jimmy carter, er, i mean odumba. i doubt if we are, but the islamic world is much better off.',1
'god made apes too.  we are all part of creation. lighten up, christians.',1
'gere is a good actor,not a great actor. like a lot of people in hollywood,gere takes himself way too seriously. get over yourself,richard.',1
'some things to think about::    1}.  changing the layout and design of bills happens all the time.  just look at counterfeiting measures, redesigning  denominations is done at the plate level, blank and stamp for coins, so the word god could be taken out very easily and it would not cost a penny more!  2}.  "god" is the very last word we need on currency, paper or metal, as there is no god to begin with.  currency is tangible, god is not!  3}.  correct me if i\'m wrong here, but didn\'t jesus kick the snot out of those who ruined the temple in the name of profit?  seems to me that the son of a god would act as the father!    4}.  removing the word "god" from our currency will never happen as there are way too many ignorant and simply stupid people in this country that believe in this invisible, non existent  know it all.  those that could remove god from our m',1
'you truly are lost on earth and quite the lost cause. perhaps you\'d care to educate yourself and return to post some rational statement. very doubtful considering you support a president who is strong in absolutely no way.',1
'why i avoid christians.....',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'it’s a add people craw back under your rock and wait for something else to come by so you can attack it! i will stock up since you people aren\'t buying it now. hopefully that will help to lower the cost so you can start buying it again. so much for freedom of speech from anyone who doesn\'t think like you do. it is supposed to be funny, not calling you an ape. all though i haven\'t seen you so i can’t say what you look like. i have to go eddies calling me.',1
'time to go to my stephen king collection and read "the stand" again.',1
'nope. my girl is what they call medically fragile. 125 miles round trip to see her specialists. she couldn\'t survive it.',1
'my german shepard stayed with my mother after i moved out of state for a job driving tractor trailers. i managed to stop one night at her house after about 3 yrs. karl was 15 then, he jumped all over me almost knocking me over. my mother woke me the next morning saying that i needed to bury my dog karl. : (',1
'wow… …..my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ===?=== richbachelor  ===?===(bing it) ……this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women  such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'why?',1
'i think rabo77 was talking abut the "people" in california. we need a movement to force the secesion of california and give them back to mexico or at least that part south of the golden gate.',1
'i pray your niece will capture the hearts of everyone around her and will be an inspiration to others the way lizzie has to us all.  you and your family already love and have accepted this precious baby with your whole hearts, please don\'t be burdened by the few who are too ignorant to see beyond physical appearance but into her heart...blessings to you and your family :)',1
'the nudist have had their day in the sun. they should outlaw it then put a really stiff for first time, then double and keep doubling it. and payable before paythe perp leaves the  room,if they pay lock them pay. get serioua !!!',1
'don\'t care, never watched it.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'most definitely. and when he posts replies to my comments, that throbbing vein pops out on his forehead.',1
'another piece of data i\'m skeptical about is the non farm employee number in excess of 134 million. usdebtclock.org lists the entire workforce at 144 million with 22 million actual unemployed. that would leave 120 million employed, if you take out 2% for farmers you end up with just north of 117 million non farm employees.',1
'i hope they make a royal porn tape soon! i want to see the boy~king take it like a man in the royal~ssa!',0
'my ex-husband',1
'don\'t let it get you down, always be positive,   you can and will beat it!',1
'i\'ll bet there\'s more brain matter in those biceps than in his head.  what a retard....',1
'someoneidon\'t want to know:  you have to be one of those liberal idiots, the bill was not the childs to pay it was his parents.  how can you justify the kid going without lunch.  it is really hard to believe just how many stupid still take in air on a regular basis, except the air that should go to your brain.',1
'wow, and when i was a kid i thought my dad was cool because he dragged me and my sister around (we were on roller blades) as we held onto my little brother\'s seat attached to my dad\'s bike.  me?  i am not that cool ... i\'ll stick with just dragging around my 2-child trailer. ;)',1
'this is from mitt\'s website:  "mitt romney believes that free trade is essential to restoring robust economic growth and creating jobs. we need to open new markets beyond our borders for american goods and services on terms that work for america."    and from a bi-partisan activist:  "the club for growth, the u.s. chamber [of commerce] and the koch brothers are in control. they oppose balanced trade policies. the tea party is compromised by those groups and aren\'t organizationally motivated by economic issues, even if they agree with us."  -------------------  aren\'t free trade agreements what ross perot, buddy roemer (r), and ron paul warn us about? ',1
'why can\'t these low life dating sites just leave us alone and quit posting their lifestyles here!',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'some said that the answer would be that one would have the right to shoot the perpetrator on site, without a question, when one sees such deed... first, i thought it barbaric, but, on a second thought, i can see the reasoning behind it. oh well.',1
'only at a specifically designated nude beach.',1
'2 time win and all around loser.',1
'how about this question: will we be better off if we elect a man that refuses to show his tax returns and invests his money in foreign banks during a time his home country is in an economic crisis? this is a question the historians will answer....conflict of interest anyone?',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'@bayou, surely we can have a civil discussion without telling people to end it all.',1
'i see so many thumbs down to "sellioin". the comment is actually correct. premium gas is better than regular gas, but fewer cars require premium. as a former gas man, and avid road traveler, i support that comment.     "someone" you say \'all premium does is prevent explosion\'. how many explosions have you experienced or know of from regular gas?',1
'oh really,which one\'s? do you agree that she voted into law that people in office can inside trade in 2008 when we had a market crash,,, then made a 7 mil profit the first yr while 3mil americans lost their homes???  it\'s true,,,and if you agree then your a peice of trash that should be put in the garbage',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                   ',0
'i think it is a very important subject!  it is a great thing that the media is trying to focus our attention on whether \'god" is printed on the dollar.  see, if the media didn\'t make a big deal out of this, people might worry about things that don\'t matter.  you know, like the fact that the current administration is printing another half trillion dollars to throw at corporations and the stock market.     i mean, think about it.  the first time congress/bernake/oba  ​ ma threw hundreds of billions of dollars to the rich, no one (other than the rich) was helped!  so they did it again. and i know this is hard to believe, but the 2nd time obama and company threw hundreds of billions of dollars to the rich, it still didn;t help any of the poor or working class people!  so obviously the only solution is to throw hundreds of billions more at the rich.   well, that\'s the way to help the poor and working class in the minds of the elitist idiots that run the democratic party.  but you don\'t need to be worrying about that.  if you did, you might not re-elect the idiot democrats who are destroying the economy.  or what\'s ',1
'maher is a p.o.s.',1
'regarding your first sentence. i sure hope you\'re joking, relationships do not get stronger after a breakup, never the less one that involves adultery. i was in a relationship for 4 1/2 years with a girl i really loved and even had plans to marry. why this never went through is because of all the break ups we had plus the times she\'s cheated on me. she had broken up with me numerous times to a point where i just gave up but she always ended up coming back to me and saying she was wrong and that i\'m truly the guy she wants. after we would reunite we would feel as if we had grown stronger in our relationship and felt closer to one another but it only lasted this way for some time until the problem arose again.  this created many trust issues i had with her that caused me to not know what to expect from her. my trust came to an all time low when she cheated on me but admitted to it and asked for forgiveness. i decided to give her another chance but never were my feelings or my trust restored. after i had found out she cheated on me a second time i broke up with her. sorry to explain all that stuff, i know it\'s only my story but really the best thing for him to do would be to move on',1
'this was a beautiful interaction.this child was gentle and respectful.more parents need to take the time to teach this to children.instead they allow them to poke,pull and climb all over pets.then are surprised when the child is bitten.this is poor parenting,not a bad animal.',1
'i feel after reading all these opinions dissing dylan, the problem lies within everybody who has written in.the problem has not gone away, it\'s just hiding behind closed doors. i am totally sick at what i have been reading. you think the problem is slavery, but it exists today more than ever. just read what is being said and try to read between the lines...good luck to all you racist bigots!',1
'i don\'t know why these truck articles always get some people so worked up. we live in a time where there is a vehicle to suit every need. something like the honda ridgeline or ford sport trac are indeed trucks, though no reasonable person would expect them to do the heavy work of a much more powerful and larger truck.  the very first pickups had a bed just large enough to haul fruits and vegetables or other small cargo. things evolve over time to suit the needs of potential buyers and specific tasks. people act like their manhood is being attacked if their vehicle of choice doesn\'t make some stupid list.',1
'what else can you expect from a bunch of jew bass turds!!!!!!!',1
'it does state that the 6th passenger was a neighbor kid and that left one of her own as an independent rider. so 6 of her own.',1
'artiell1, back to the home pal!',1
'"next time up", i think you should look up: narcissism.  i care what v_l writes and what v_l thinks, as many do. you have a right to your "freedom of speech", just as others have that same right. no one should be told to stfu.  you pose as a gentleman sir, but you are proving yourself to be far from it. how about using a more mature way to make your points, rather than telling people that only your opinion matters, and that we should all shut up and listen to you?  i\'m serious, i think you may have a psychological problem, and i feel sorry for you.',1
'i\'m telling you to take a hike ya little moron n.t.u.',1
'use it on obama and the left wing nutjobs  who believe in his socialist agenda! oh that\'s  right they are all dope smoking coke addicts  like the president that\'s why they are so stupid!',1
'wow!!!!! this coming from a democrat???? phreaking awesome response mr. dem',1
'a muslim',1
'about rite aid rewards.   according to refund world magazine, rite aid rewards are no longer usuable on the same day of purchase. you used to be able to buy one product, then use your reward toward buying another product the same shopping trip. now you have to wait until 6am the following day to use it.',1
'the republicans try to show people that wealth and success is a goal to reach for.  that\'s right libtards, republicans want everyone to achieve success and get out of poverty.     the shameful thing is that the democrat party depends on keeping people in poverty and promising handouts for a vote.     the liberal progressive idiots have had a run today....kinda like a troop of monkeys preening each other.     the choice is clear, if you want to stay in poverty and pass it on to your children, then vote for odumbo.  if you want a job and become a responsible taxpaying proud american, then vote for romney.',1
'here\'s an easier math formula.  total price divided by total items divided by ounces or servings in one of the items.     grocery savings tip:  check online for food auctions in your area.   savings example: ritz crackerfuls price @kroger 6 for $3.79, food auction 12 for $3.00  ground round $2.25 lb.  6 pack v-8 juice $2.00  most items are off brand but at the auction i go to, all items are guaranteed, don\'t like it?  bring it back for a full refund.',1
'"in questions of power, let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the constitution." – thomas jefferson.  there is no conceivable future in which four more years of obama improves the economy, or the personal situation of most americans. re-electing him would benefit his constituents--those to whom he redistributes wealth earned by others due to their political loyalty to him. that is democrat party economics.   controversy after us gov’t estimate showed 40,000 microsievert thyroid dose for california infants from fukushima — data not released to public   typical coverup progressives/ / everything is hidden. so dont expect healthcare rationing to be abything but the same.',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'head on over to zimbabwe and south africa where marxism ,genocide of white people and homosexuality reign supreme, and don\'t worry the communists want the same thing to happen here',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'lol!!! good, thats less stupid people to breed more stupid people! maybe if you got an education instead of rapping and cutting class while selling drugs you would have been smart enough to know better.',1
'good some more slimey scum off of the street at no cost. to bad the car wasn\'t full, but beggars cant be choosers. yodo',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'apple is around today because microsoft  invested  about $200 million - $250 million! apple should be eternally grateful to microsoft for saving them.',1
'after going to both harvard business school and   harvard law school simultaneously, he passed the michigan   bar exam, but never worked as an attorney.   j.d. and m.b.a. from harvard university   b.a. from brigham young university ,   mitt romney\'s background, experience and   trustworthiness show him to be a great leader and   an excellent citizen for president of the united states .    you may think that romney may not be the best  ',1
'i see that the muslims dont dare try that **** in the united states. why ? because they know that americans are armed and would stop them in a heart beat.',1
'i\'m back because i approve.',1
'i want everybody to sssee how big my lover\'sss mikey pinero\'sssss weenie issss yum yummy ummm!',1
'good ridance-----what sleez',0
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'christians get their panties in a bunch over anything and anyone.',1
'the "problem" is that my tax dollars guarantee every k-12 student a lunch.',1
'love me love my color=join just (google or bing~==interracial+c  ​ ircle *ｃｏm ===) find here is the best interracial dating hub for you if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships. please check it out and find your best soul mate!.                       ',0
'the  voters of a merica        real americans voting for romney.       the queers, the atheist, the socialist, the ignorant black, lesbians. welfare nig-ers both black and white. and damm fools that blame bush for everything wrong in their lives. college age kids trying to be cool.  will vote for obama.   nnow thats who we are up against.       thank god there are not enough of them to win if we all go out to vote.',1
'oh i would.  luckly, i have the choice not to become a celebrity.  prince william should be acustomed to this considering hes been subjected to it all his life.  kate knew what she was getting into and chose the celebrity life.  nothing is going to change with the paparazzi.  sorry for saying this but we should have learned our lesson with princess diana.  god rest her soul.',1
'we lovessss tight little spinkterssssss yum yummy, mikey lovessssss having his bottom sssspanked and ssstreached yum yummy.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'that\'s  a real boy scout  bunch of perverts  scouting for young boys.  sad  trying to lure kids.',1
'as much as man on man & rt in nashville troll around seeking out any & all articles with gay subject matter they must be a couple.',1
'i love this show i\'m going to miss it!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'sticking points: laid off teachers being first to get new jobs over better qualified teachers and a 4% raise on top of a $76,000 a year paycheck (one of the highest in the nation) for 9 months work. where do i begin.....',1
'if  things are going bad its obama’s fault, but if things are looking better, obama deserves zero credit. i wish the confederates would make up their minds. history is making note of all of it! which side will you be on?',1
'i\'m happy all the time, sometimes i have to go to my unhappy place to survive.   i hope your ulcer is healed, i was lucky i quit doing some things and it\'s never bothered me in 35 years. have a nice evening!',1
'this is propaganda.  gold prices are going to keep going up like they have the past 100 years.  even silver alone has doubled in the past 5 years.  the more money we print, inflation, the higher the prices of gold goes(this is real money.  a 1oz gold coin could get you an expensive suit years ago, it still can today).  if you have a savings account, then you should exchange it in gold and keep it  in a safe in your house.',1
'actually, i\'m on the road for work all the time. just because i don\'t have a expensive phone means i don\'t get out much? sad post on your part.',1
'how can this be with so many out of work?  i think the economic indicators have improved in spite of obama.',1
'the principal was free to make his own choice, as we all are, but i\'m not sure if he had the right to. either way, i support his stance. these people don\'t need a cosmetology school, they need to be born again! gay is a choice. choose to live eternal life. ye must be born again!',1
'@happy, when the hell does asking terrorists to "stay calm" ever work???  and leaving the embassies guarded with empty guns?  if you  had any sense you\'d see how that makes no sense!!!',1
'he is a loser and deserved it',1
'hey rick - yeah, i would have to agree. those type remarks usually mean they are gay and in the closet, like you say, "hidin\' it"  i can see right thru these people.  bunch of phonies. lol  good call, man',1
'shut the front door! yes i\'am.',1
'u.s. schools are so dumbed down now the dumb ones are running the schools',1
'for all of you stupid ****s who didn\'t take time to check the source, i\'ll shoot you down ahead of your ignorant rants with a short synopsis of facts:  1.  she is not a single welfare mom.  2.  she and her husband mitch have been married over 15 years.  3.  he is a neurosurgeon in portland, ore  4.  it pays to read and learn before you write.',0
'as long as the gays are not phuqing you, leave them alone!',0
'moon landings',0
'oh look a super-liberal makes fun of the right wing. why is this news?  maher bashes the war on terror, the war on drugs, our healthcare system and insinuates that it\'s the republicans who are at fault while the dems are innocent. news flash: obama has done nothing to solve these issues except healthcare, but in that case he is making stuff worse by forcing people to give money to the insurance companies. does anybody out there really think the insurance companies won\'t take advantage of the new rules and make extra profit?',1
'you should have credited the owners of the photos.',1
'besides the fact that it\'s obviously bigotry, it doesn\'t seem to be the right decision for the fiscal health of the school.  it seems to be a clear case of cutting off your nose to spite your face.  it isn\'t surprising, though, because texas is pretty much a homophobic state.  i used to live there but i didn\'t want to live surrounded by a bunch of religious hypocrites.  i moved.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'along with the great life she gets is a downside. this is it. if she can\'t handle it, too bad, welcome to life!',1
'no "reset" button in life.',1
'no. bad enough i dream it.',1
'could be my math is wrong, but if you divide  320 oz. by 10...how does it come out to .31?  evaporation?? walmart is the cheapest.  publix is a great store but high prices. that is all we have in our town.',1
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                    ',0
'will you people take a civics lesson some day? the office of the president is a personality cult. the government\'s power over the economy is centered around two institutions: the fed, which is beholden to private interests and generally leverages monetary policy to enrich billionaires, and congress, which is beholden to special interests and generally leverages fiscal policy to buy more votes from their patrons.',1
'the clowns at tmz are losers who want to invent a problem the **** who call\'s him self a lawyer to the long haired butt monkey as his side kick. unlike a nasty pit bull they latch on to something and make jokes about someone\'s misfortune . the mentality of this country thrives on watching idiots i compare the content  to jersey shore. i wish someone would follow them around to report who big they are as as$holes (oh wait they do it them self!) never mind!',1
'~~richbachelor~~(bin  ​ g it)~ is the best online home for looking for rich dating relationship or marriage. we celebrate the ~~~richbachelor ~~~ which achieved tremendous success bringing couples together! if you are successful, you are many times more likely to meet your match and have a higher caliber dating experience here than other places!',0
'i think it\'s an ad for a product!  nothing more!  this is definitely the whine whine whine generation!!  outraged christians?  outraged idiots!  good thing dp doesn\'t have an embassy!  it must be a sucessful ad if it gets those idiots thinking dp was talking directly to them and their beliefs!   nothing better to do, i guess.',1
'hooray for him. i can just imagine the "flambouyancy" of the jerks.',1
'and, just stop and think about how many lazy, worthless, parasitic, uneducated, adults get a "free lunch" (welfare, food stamps, public housing) each, and every, day.  pathetic.  welcome to the new america folks.',1
'yes, various nude beaches.  it was the ultimate luxury.  it was purely a social setting not a sexual one.  but there are always some who need to push the envelope and can in a single stroke (no pun intended) sully an otherwise wonderful thing for everyone.',1
'hey tarbaby...i follow the news and even msnbc nad cnn aren\'t reporting what you just put forth. not sure who your sources are, but i\'m not believing your sh*t.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'my driver\'s license is a license to drive a car, not travel about my own country.    i will not provide id.',1
'1. she is not a single welfare mom.  2. she and her husband mitch have been married over 15 years.  3. he is a neurosurgeon in portland, ore',1
'gross.',1
'to mia trash,     ms. stewart has not lost everything personally or professionally (unless you\'re reading the uninformed masses and gossip on the internet). no one knows the status of her relationship with mr. pattinson (altho she\'s still wearing his ring and she just recently said publicly that "everything\'s fine"). she\'s receiving great reviews for her performance in on the road (some in the know even think she\'s got a shot at a supporting oscar nom) and she is still in contention for the very coveted role of peyton in william styron\'s lie down in darkness. we do not know the status of snow white. you are reading gossip and forming opinions from that. you say that adultery was commited here. have you seen pictures depicting that beyond those that were made public? if not, then you are speculating again and stating that speculation as fact. and just so you know, the highest paid actress in the business does not have to sleep with an unknown director to further h',1
'after harry exposed the crown jewels, this is hardly worth commentary.',1
'yes!!!  i don\'t think this is an isolated event either.  more and more bacteria are getting stronger and more drug resistant!  my sister, who is a doctor, says that doctors prescribe anti-bacterial medicines to people who really don\'t need it.  she\'s always believed that the human body is more than able to take care of itself.      the rise of drug resistant bacteria in large part comes from people who don\'t follow directions of the anti-bacterial medicines, and in general, our societies\' use of anti-bacterial ointments, cleansers, and anti-bacterial sprays.  this is the result of darwin\'s \'survival of the fittest\' for bacteria.  eventually, doctors will not be able to "cure" bacterial infections.',1
'sorry, this is little off topic but seeing this story brought back so many memories of my gs named xena.  when i went to pick her out of a large litter, she was 5 weeks old and she was the only puppy that came up to me and gave me a lick on my hand.  she continued to show that exact kind of affection up until she was 10 and i had to put her down due to bone cancer.  it was the hardest thing i have ever had to do...to put down my little girl (well, 105 lbs was not so little).  she was a sweetie and she made life that was difficult at times not nearly so.  coming home to that kind of unconditional love was amazing.',1
'when the find the loser responsible, put him in a jail cell with jerry sandusky and throw away the key!!!',1
'what a nitwit.',1
'note to self: maybe try bicycling instead of hula hoops for fitness.',1
'rt, i swear you sound more and more inbred with every post you leave.  you should be the poster child for high school drop outs.',1
'sounds to me like she will have lots of love and a great support system.  fret not!        best wishes to you and yours. :)',1
'im with ya marcus..... obama/biden  2012',1
'hmmmm.... and just how do they diagnose this pneumonia as opposed to other pneumonias? they just told me that the chest xray showed pneumonia. after a couple days, they said that they could discontinue the ivs and let me go home on oral antibiotics. how would one know what type of pneumonia they have?????',1
'no privacy in public, she is missing a few marbles as are all the inbreds.',1
'well, momma, lets hope you learned a lesson: pay for your kid\'s food! i sure as hell don\'t want to pay for your kid\'s lunch. ps: any psychologist would tell you: things make you mad only if you want them to! grow up!',1
'no  $_hit!!! considering that we live on the border of this country, and with a few million bleeping illegals here - take\' em for pete\'s sake - ship \'em the hell over there.  denmark may be small, but....look at the big picture people!!!!!  we are taking our planet into doom one \'bastard\' at a time!  sooooo frickin\' overpopulated we are = this planet is doomed because of narrow minded idiots like those - seriously',1
'it\'s just an ad ! you people are just so insecure,grow up!',1
'i held a bison burger once.',1
'@cock rubber...you need someone to do your thinking for you like moron up there. you\'re too stupid to do it yourself...stfu',1
'maybe some more films like this one will come out, assault their senses with offending matter, and eventually desensitize them.  they\'ll learn to be complacent and behave their self once the shock value is removed.  isn\'t that what happened to christians?',1
'the kid should be expelled from school and his parents imprisoned because of this socialist action. on top of that the public school system should be dismantled for it too is a form of socialism. why we are at it let\'s get rid of all public works. we need to clean out all government funded projects. *sarcasm',1
'obama\'s foreign policy is a failure! he\'s cut our military  and made the us weaker and other countries know how  weak he is as a president! and this is the story your running?  left wing media dopes! why not ask obama when michelle  divorces his **** are him and valarie jarrett getting married?',1
'twat, you sound like a liberal lunatic.     the gop loves clinton....give me a break stupid...  so you think the republicans support a rapist and slimeball that sexually abused a intern and was put through a impeachment... slick willy is a scumbag that you turds love.      trust me the clintons would have gone full bore odumbo commie if the republicans had not had contol of congress.....the turd wanted a second term, so he turned right.',1
'homosexuality has nothing to do with pedophilia. if you\'re heterosexual, does that mean you will go after opposite sex children? (if you\'re a guy will you fondle little girls, a woman - fondle little boys) most likely not, so don\'t assume that gay men will assault boys. i think what carmen meant was that gays can\'t join, but the scouts have hidden their list of sick and perverted leaders or members a secret since 1919.',1
'hey mikey, how come we don\'t hear you talking about your "awt" much anymore?    i\'ve heard that literally, you cannot even give it away. lol, thugs drool.',1
'i\'ve lived all over the country, but if you insist i\'ll take my dick out of your sister. i like your mothers ****s better any way...and i made you look like a fool, not just called you idiot.',1
'maybe the danes are just so stoned they think the bus is cool.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'oregontoo, i am quite sure that your beloved little niece and your entire family will have a blessed life together.  just observing from what you post on here you shine through with such a good heart......your little niece could want for nothing more!   you are all lucky to have one another!!',1
'they should use the \'board of education\' on this teachers a$$, no retirement for you cutey.',1
'the kid isn\'t going to die from missing a meal. where\'s the responsibility on the parents? they are the bad folks here! they didn\'t pay so their child could eat! who in their right mind would send their child into mcdonald\'s with no money and expect them to feed their kid for free? idiots! those parents should be publicly tazered.',1
'so he does not like flamers wandering his halls.honestly now,who would?',1
'who carries cash anymore?',1
'why is it that these blogs are always so biased? i thought we lived in the u.s.a. where everyone had a right to their own options. however: i read comments here that if i do not agree with the gay-lesbian life style, then i am a bigot. if i do not agree with  the atheist  then i am a religious no body. i personally  feel that i have a right to believe as i wish just as much as you do. as a result i happen to be a "born again believer in jesus christ". the bible( god\'s holy word) condemns the gay-lesbian life style  and god is and always be the final authority. i make you this promise: one minute after death you will forever regret your anti god, anti believer, anti moral, anti right and wrong way of thinking.  just remember one thing: jesus loves you enough that he died for you. he will save you for time and eternity if you will believe him.  end of post! i will not respond to any hatred comments as are posted here. have a nice day. jesus loves you!',1
'you have to excuse her she is a liberal progressive living in a very hip and liberal progressive city porlland. if you haven\'t figured out by looking at all the places that are so screwed up you wouldn\'t send convicted felons to be imprisioned in. they are city and states run by the dumbocrats! oregon was nice then after the californicators ****ed up their state so bad they had to leave. so they wnt to or and wa and guess what now there just as ****ed up as ca. you see liberalism is a mental disorder plan and simple.',1
'flamboyant gay men .............. pretty much explains this issue clearly.    your sexuality is no different than your naked body, ............expose it if you have to, but be prepared for others to be far less interested in your opinions, since very few people feel that need to keep their sexuality front and center in other peoples\' faces! ........... you overshared!',1
'if i may, from reading some of the politically charged comments from other stories, this is what i\'ve been hearing from the real people around me.  older people are not happy, at all, with the present administration because all helll is set loose. their retirements have been less than 50% of what they were when this admin started. they are not happy with the current stream of the admin where they are pandering to the rich (and gay, as they say) and the smallest of the society where they are taking all the money from the rest.  the average joes are not happy because they can\'t find decent environment to build their futures on. we have to cramp along the bottom lines, legal or illegal, to just live another day and put food on the table. they can\'t find decent jobs with regular benefits because the economy is in shambles and no one gives a crap about what\'s going on at the bottom third. so they live like the third world citizens who have to do whatever to just live another day... ',1
'i do not watch soccer, im a american.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'wrong? yes. understandable? maybe. stoppable? not for awhile.',1
'so?  leviticus also says not to eat shellfish or wear 2 different types of cloth at the same time.  and do you stone your daughter to death for being disobedient?  let me guess......those don\'t apply now...only the "hate the gays" verse.  self-righteousness has replaced righteousness these days among hypocrtical christians like you.  everyone doesn\'t believe your bronze age book, dear.  how about we shove another religion down your throat and see how you like it.',1
'or the kardashians, or bachelor pad, and damn jersey shore is in it\'s last season, my god, why doesn\'t anyone care that t.v. is being made for the mindless, uncreative, uncaring and dim witted? so many of us hate these shows but many people must watch them,,,though they never admit it. whyyyy??? if the quality and great acting of what pepole are watching indicates our society as a whole, we have hit below bottom if that\'s possible, we need to find a way to demand quality television!!! grrrrrr',1
'what does the fact that he\'s autistic have anything to do with the fact that they didn\'t give him lunch? why all of a sudden are half the kids born these days autistic? people just cant accept the fact that their kids are brats and just wont listen or mind.',1
'this why nbc is hemorrhaging millions of dollars a day...only a select few will watch this degenerate. they pander to the sickos of society!',1
'note to bruce and jon: (and carol)     please don\'t give a dang about what i just said. thank you.',1
'if you\'re joking, funniest comment ever.  if not, please die slowly in the absolutely most torturous, embarrassing, horrific way possible by tomorrow morning so i can laugh at your crying family in the news tomorrow.  thanks and jesus hates you ; )',1
'bu its so much fun though....  can\'t we all just **** around...',1
'yeah, make a run on silver and gold..drive the price of mine up some more!  please!',1
'i\'ve been buying silver for years. i started taking silver coins out of circulation back around 1964 and i\'ve been putting silver away ever since, and i\'m amazed what my holdings are worth, so i would recommend silver over gold for the average investor.',1
'she should have diapered him if she knew  they were going to be out for awhile. two year boy  does not know no what it is to hold it in . mother is at fault poor excuse for her.   give her the ticket. she earned it',1
'hey, how about making fox news leave after this year as well. it could lead to many traffic accidents as people would be dancing in the streets if such a joyous occasion would occur.',1
'don\'t make comments when you obviously have no idea what you\'re talking about and basing you\'re opinion on complete and utter b.s. the person that replied to you before me explains why you\'re comment is so stupid. you say you fought for women\'s rights and you contradict yourself when you said she should be forced to not wear a scarf. you\'re the reason women shouldn\'t have rights. it\'s not like women are forced to wear their scarf, it\'s their choice. in conclusion, do your research before making stupid comments and stop being a racist, intolerant, uneducated retard of a human being.',1
'i feel most animals both domestic and wild are actually more harmless than humans.  most animals are rather docile unless, bothered, threatened or abused.  and i feel most animal attacks are initiated by humans, intentionally or not.       what confuses me is that if an animal attacks a human for any reason, humans will kill the animal.       but if a human attacks and/or kills another human, for any reason, they put them in confinement and take care of them, sometimes for the rest of their life.',1
'looks like he washes his hair in the same cesspool as debbie wasserman shultz.',1
'mjk 466 ... shut the fu(k up or i will shave you momma\'s back and send her back home to you naked. if brains were dynamite you couldn\'t blowing your fuc&ing nose little bitch',1
'with all they town and states making up money making sceems,i have invented a device for cars that when you come up on one of these stupid cameras or toll booths that you can push a button and your back license plate comes down to avoid a picture of it,and during that i like to give the bird to the camera for a little entertainment',1
'weeds is the only of these shows i watch. it was great in the early seasons then got alittle far fetched.. was still good tho... just watched the finale and it wrapped things up ok.',1
'filthy and gay go together? just curious! :)',1
'only one i will miss is spartacus cause they cancelled shows i like sarah chronicle, charlie angels, missing, roswell, alias need i go on',1
'liteweight - please explain your logic for "how men know" the difference between good and evil.  sounds like you\'ve had to experience both?  am i correct?     and by the way, you must be "out of touch" when you say that mothers and fathers love their children, they don\'t  screw them.  read - watch what is happening daily in courtrooms!  you\'re a fool.',1
'slanted chinese eyes ah!',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'give him a metal for getting the queers out of there',1
'this would be diagnosed by culturing a sputum sample, followed by sensitivity testing. klebsiella has a particularly high mortality anyway, but this strain is resistant to most antibiotics. it\'s unusual to see klebsiella in people who aren\'t already seriously ill and hospitalized for some other condition. one of the symptoms of pneumonia caused by klebsiella is thick, bloody sputum.  generally speaking, if you\'re in decent health, have a normal immune system, and aren\'t coughing up lots of blood, this isn\'t your bug.',1
'couldn\'t stand the office, ever.  was surprised it lasted as long as it did.  the only other one viewed a couple of times was fringe, it was ok.    guess shoulda been a judge!',1
'theres days when i don\'t like being unimportant and then there are these days......seeing one of the "perks" of being famous.....     ain\'t no paparazzi trying to snap shots of any of my crapola because nobody wants to see it therefore i don\'t need to have any sean penn moments either ....  the money must be nice but yeeeshhh.....they can keep the fame part .',1
'ugh',1
'i think she is beautiful just the way god made her',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......richbachelor.​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​.​​​​​.​​​​​.​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​(bing it) . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'waste of time rt he just got done talking someone else in circles for hours now he\'s looking for another victim.',1
'tell i am on your side, even though you cannot.  tralk about sheep!',0
'are you single? ~~richbachelor~~(bin  ​ g it)…… is the first, largest chat site for singles in the world d a t i n g a wealthy man, marry, and chat with beautiful women online! now it\'s your turn! everyone is welcome to find their best matches or soul mates. it\'s worth a try.!!!!!!!',0
'the sign says "if you can read this, thank a teacher".  obviously not you as you are nowhere near a classroom.',1
'this is to (tire of lunacy)......whats so wonderful about god is that he is not like us......(isa 55: for my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways.....please read..) god is not controlled by what we think he should do, because no man know what is in the deep recesses of a person heart no matter what we may think if them on the outside. whether people want to believe it or not god created everything and nothing was a mistake. if you send your drinking water through some rusted pipes, you will have some contaiminated water.....metaphoric  ​ ally speaking....god created everyone for a specific purpose but if the vessel is contaiminated then you will get polluted stuff.....but god called us out of darkness into his marvellous light... 1peter2:9....please.  ​ ..god is love',1
'no. they need to either get their selfish butts back in the classroom or be fired. the kids don\'t deserve this.',1
'these are definitely good tips..i also found some other great ones in this hilarious cook-book i got for my birthday.. there was a whole chapter on "how to save at the grocery store" and i use every tip.. i won\'t tell you the name of the book here cause it\'s a bit un-pc, but if you google "whipped and beaten culinary works" you can find it.. but seriously, don\'t go if you can\'t take a good joke.. or if you get offended pretty easy... just saying..there are also a lot of great recipes on their website and facebook page..',1
'gotta say this was a bit better of an article than i expected as far as actual content -- not just fluff.  but, those who do already know.  it\'s those who don\'t and maybe are wanting to learn that could appreciate this article.  and yet, in this economic times it still seems so many don\'t really need to or care to.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i live in the chicago area and i have been ticketed twice in the mail for not coming to a complete stop while making a right hand turn,and both times i wiped my azz with the tickets. i went to the half azz court date to try to beat one but it never works,but still didnt pay it.every state is different but most it doesnt go on your record or doesnt suspend your license.the court that is held for these stupid tickets is held by a attorney for the town that acts like a judge(but isnt) and just collects money for the town.all that happens is that they send it to a collection agency for collection.but if your worried about a small mark on your credit report you could protest it to the real court and 99% of the time when it goes there it is dropped by the real judge.i know all of this from experense.',1
'we are worse off because of obama:       i was born in florida and in forty (40) years my mother nor i have had to ask for government help.  with this man i had to apply for food stamps, medicaid and free lunch for my kids. six (6) years unemployed, lost a house and my personal belongs were stolen from the house also had identity theft "this sure tops it all."',1
'egghead, the only people that want the banks to fail are the penniless freeriders that cash their welfare checks at the food mart or commie liberal freeriders that spend their money on lottery tickets instead of putting the money in the bank.     8 out of 10 commie liberal democrat idiots don\'t know what a super pac is....      these are the people that the democrats have kept in slavery for a vote.     you suck....yuk yuk.',1
'yes  when i went to school i got free lunch',1
'lol',1
'utter nonsnese.  clinton increased the national debt every year he was in office.  this is a fact check it on wikipedia or the cbo web site.  clinotn never never had a surplus, he did come close in two years however.  therefor i have to question your motives for posting two obvious lies as truth. just another goebbel\'s demcorat...  repeat a lie often enough and people will believe it to be true.  you are a partisan hack.',1
'msn prints- rick santorum says `smart people\' will never be on his side\'    rick santorum actually said-“we will never have the (elite), smart people on our side.” that\'s the 1%er\'s.    out of context is it...    the higher education system is fast becoming a money pit. it will soon cost more for the higher education then the gain in income from it. the  higher education system has become self perpetuating to protect itself & student education has become secondary.   ',1
'real-life \'popeye\' has enormous 31-inch biceps       i have seen an american body builder with the same type of biceps and he, just like the egyptian bodybuilder moustafa ismail blew out his biceps by using steroids.   he is deformed for life unless he gets major surgery and he will still end up with nerve damage.  i’ve seen men blow out their thigh muscle the same way and it looks nasty just as nasty as that bicep crap.  so stop using steroids fools.',1
'actually, i believe there are no fewer than 2,800 gods or deities...   america is never mentioned in the bible. the bible also says thou shalt not covet thy neighbors house and thou shalt not kill, but that did not keep millions of indians from being murdered, and raped, and tortured and their land stolen from them',1
'if u r lооking for the special someone. go~~richbachelor~~~,  ​  it\'s a real dаting place for excellent people.  try and u\'ll believe , bing it!!!!',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'detroit',1
'he forced his personal views onto everyone who wished to take that course.  he does not have the right.  i\'d be standing outside that school with a picket sign and a bullhorn.  shame on him for letting his fear rule him.',1
'.... think again wingnut',1
'i like the order we are all in..... shoot first with cin cin... phuck second with thumbs and smoke last with deemed... hahahahahahahaha',1
'god bless this big family',1
'i don\'t exactly think that was an "insane" save. sorry!!!',1
'i have a tattoo  along the top of my penis it sez eat at demarco\'s cafeteria in albuguerque new mexico.         that\'s almost as crazy as msns goofy questions.',1
'no - why would you?',1
'my god he is a community advisor, its churchilian wow   quote   "you cannot legislate the poor into freedom by legislating the wealthy out of freedom. what one person receives without working for, another person must work for without receiving. the government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else. when half of the people get the idea that they do not have to work because the other half is going to take care of them, and when the other half gets the idea that it does no good to work because somebody else is going to get what they work for, that my dear friend, is about the end of any nation.',1
'why don\'t you ooze your way back to your home in moronville, where you can impress all your friends with your wit?',1
'your a great actor hal',1
'he should be fired. the school is losing money because of him. he has no right to deny  education to anyone. what about lesbians, transgenders, & bisexuals? these people work and pay taxes like almost everyone else. people are people no matter what their  sexual preference, color, or religion is. god made us all.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'yeah, clint has a point, and if he puts his hat on, it won\'t show.     obama/biden  2012',1
'i\'ve found that 99% of human predictions usually go the other way.  i suppose that means the romey camp ought to celebrate.  btw, does ms. pelosi, from san francisco, right (?) feel bad about the other sf story where the part of the city does not want people to go about their businesses with naked people around?  good golly, bob... what\'s going on in that city?!...',1
'@exs.ohs- one very stark difference, in america we offend each other on a daily basis without rioting, looting, killing, and leaving the whole goddam country a smoldering ruins.  are these fanatic muslums simply a few hundred years behind in learning to behave them selves?',1
'the gop should be renamed the organ donor party. they had already surrendered their brains and now they give up their hearts.',1
'thank you mr. amons for standing up for high moral principles. i wouldn\'t want a bunch of queers parading their deviancy around my school or classroom either. too bad other students have to suffer because of a few. our free speech rights opposing this craziness are being shortchanged more by the minute.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'reporting in;   this is ted koppel live at the scene of the car crash that took away the life of these fine upstanding citizens.   texting was the cause of this and is a growing problem in america among today\'s youths.      just one of  tires on the car was salvageable.  the spare.     we apologize if the reports coming in are mis spelled, we are having technical dificulties with our spelling co-ordinator.   he\'s been effected by rap music and is now under psychiatric care.     corners reports have not yet come in ,but toxicology tests are being conducted..   alcohol and stupidity have been the suspected causes.   broken glass drug parifinalia, was also discovered at the scene.   other property damages are being assessed.  this has been ted koppel reporting.  again what a tragic scene at the stop light , on:  just another american street.',1
'i would like to tar and feather you',1
'hoa are big aholes leave the kid and her family alone',1
'spoken like a true caveman. do you still have the beard and fur?',1
',,, i watched him myself .... he is senile and can hardly complete a sentence        obama/biden  2012',1
'what is wrong with people in our country...........wh  ​ y would anyone destroy property for no reason.  this is terrible and so sad.',1
'probably not a good idea because it sound arrogant. romney will not be president as long as the smart, hardworking, caring people out number the bigot, hate mongers.',1
'this is the epitome of the double standard favoring the female.  if he had done the misdeed of cheating on her, everybody would be screaming  "dump the guy.  he cheated once he\'ll cheat again!  get rid of him.  he\'s no good!"  but this time the tables are turned.  she cheated on him.  and what do we hear from all the experts and fans?   "awww...it was nothing but just a big mistake.  give her another chance.  she\'ll never do it again.  she\'s a good girl."           well, you won\'t hear that from me.  dump the cheating wench.  she cheated once (maybe twice or more by now) and she\'ll cheat again.  get rid of her while you still have money.  dump her.       (what\'s good for the goose is good for the gander, and vice versa.)',1
'i sunbathe nude in my backyard all the time, i think you should be able to be free on your own property inside or out , but if you go to the store or out to eat at least wear a loin cloth.',1
'so cute to watch indoors... but do not go outside when mom\'s around. that could get a bit nasty.',1
'i heard sf lost it\'s sanctuary status protecting illegals who commit crimes cause enough people caused an uproar about a ggangg banger murder. sanctuary cities are a liberal thing that has also had not so great consequences!',1
'no wonder new yorkers are breeding like rats.',1
'the libs would call that child abuse, the conservatives would call it outrageous, independants would agree with both sides, so why did this happen? before obama took office all school lunches were free around here for every child, and we were building many new schools, that has gone away and been replaced by stuff like this',1
'yes, i love this idea! they should have to do this in all the states.',1
'it\'s actually starting to grow on me  ;)',1
'so dr. pepper is trying to say that its flavor has evolved? it\'s comparing the flavor of dr. pepper to the theory of evolution? so really what dr. pepper is trying to say is that man would not have evolved without dr. pepper? or is dr. pepper trying to convey to us that apes and man like the flavor of dr. pepper equally? maybe, dr. pepper wants us to give dr. pepper to our pets.........thats it!! i am going to fill my 120 gallon aquarium with dr. pepper ! i gotta go to the store, ciao!',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'well, good for her. it\'s certainly unconventional, but if it works for them, great!',1
'keep it up 4love and you will be in charge of my chamber pot.....',1
'i read he loves the dolly lama toooooooooooo much!',1
'touchdown vagina!',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'both of you nigg-r boys are going to find out that america is not near as stupid as you think it is. if you haven\'t noticed you two are the only ones sticking up for this bitch. so count the thumbs up and down read the comments and know you will be whipped.',1
'and the thought police strike again',1
'this is great - a real traffic hazard.  just make sure their medical insurance is paid up.',1
'rest assured, by the time an \'investment opportunity\' appears on msn money, it is way past the point where there is any upside left for a small investor.  the fix is already in.  which leaves one to ask the point of the article.  the seasoned reader knows a lot of shilling goes on here (can anyone say "facebook??"), for reasons not intended to benefit the small investors of the world.    to go back to a gold standard means massive deflation and valuation of assets.  get ready.',1
'i need someone to sit with my pet ferret while i am out of the country.  you must be willing to watch housewives of new jersey for most of the day, because that is george\'s favorite show.  oh, my ferret\'s name is george.  please contact me if you can help.',1
'i got lost on \'friend profile\'. sorry!     p.s. my friends do not profile me. if you must, you must not be my friend. haha',1
'where is superdad?',1
'when are they introducing the gay puppet character who\'s going to teach bert & ernie, big bird, cookie monster and elmo how to use a condom? believe-you-me...it\'  ​ s only a matter of time!!',0
'i\'d really ,really,really want to make love to charlize theron so much, and i wish that she would want me too!!!',1
'vote for r & r----kiss your social security system and medicare system  bye bye!!',1
'i wish this forum allowed you to post pictures....i would send you a picture of the 4 wheel bike my husband built for me....i love it and would recommend it to anyone having trouble getting around and still wants to exercise....i am on oxygen 24/7 and he built a little holder in the back for my oxygen tank...     i think what she does is fantastic......when my children were little i could not afford a car for a year or so and we got around by grocery cart, to the store, laundry mat, etc.....my kids loved it and i got exercise.....     i see nothing wrong with her riding her children on a bike.....have people forgotten how our ancestors came west????       moving lady',1
'you can be a great singer and not be given great songs to sing, you can be a great singer and not be marketed correctly. there is more to being successful in the music industry then having a good voice or a unique look. i think one of the problems is over saturation, every time you turn around there is another "winner", there is another "new flavor". not everyone is going to achieve enormous success.',1
'i have seen uglier who do not have a medical condition, but if lizzie doesn\'t want people to stare at her would she prefer people shun her? i bet she would welcome the stares back quickly.',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'i grew up in an abusive home that was a living nightmare every day. i at many times wondered what i was trying to survive for...that is before my doberman gypsy arrived and became one of the best friends (human and animal) i\'ve ever had. if i cried she would sit next me and hug me with her head. if i was scared she would lay on my lap and not move until i was ready to move myself. gypsy always knew when i was in desperate need of love and kindness. she was also very loyal in that if she was able to be there, anyone who tried to hurt me in her presence had to face an angry doby first.  i would also like to say that cats can also provide loving loyal care. before i had gypsy in my life i also had a male siamese cat. i had a door that lead to the porch where sing was made to stay. but every night i would open that door and sing would dart into my room and hide under my bed where i could pet and cuddle him and then dart back out when i went to sleep.   i never had to tell either of my friends that i was hurting and needed a hint of basic kindness. they were always there',1
'mad frenzy to locate her nail polish??? sick of being played like this. this is not a positive portrayal of women. we do have brains, and i can guarentee there was no mad frenzy to locate her "shade of gray" nail polish. pleeezzz!',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~. it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once. \                 ',0
'who the heck was jack the ripper...if they do know who he was...put it in writting ...doesnt matter now cuz she/he is dead.....',1
'no.',1
'====richbachelor====  ​ =--the millionaire matchmaker works for serious singles! meet rich, wealthy, gorgeous, beautiful, hot singles for romance, dating and enduring relationships. with the unique certified millionaire system, you can directly find real millionaires, wealthy men, gorgeous singles. date a millionaire can never be easier! with the background verification system, you can easily find someone real, serious, quality. sign up for your membership and join and contact hundreds of thousands of like minded members now!',0
'~~richbachelor~~(bin  ​ g it)~ is the best online home for looking for rich dating relationship or marriage. we celebrate the ~~~richbachelor.org ~~~ which achieved tremendous success bringing couples together! if you are successful, you are many times more likely to meet your match and have a higher caliber dating experience here than other places!',0
'no, i prefer being able to move so fast you cant see me move.',1
'"in my lifetime i have not seen a candidate with less scars, less baggage, or more education than president obama. i appreciate your post\'s...i have learned from them....and i like most of your positions... but confused on some, especially your take on obama."     first, it\'s v_l formerly veteran_lender. all you say may be true but i urge you to consider one thing in your opinions and trust... the needle on the guage belongs dead-middle but has been far left or right for too long. why am i critical of obama? for one, he has no exposure to our work-a-day world. he didn\'t serve one day under some college-educated alumni-associated sports-idolizing filthy chauvinistic pig boss (male or female). scholars are great, right after that education is tested on the battlefield and has proven itself laced with commonsense. i get his aloofness but i also know how much longer we have before desperation becomes our sole commodity. i am a realist with the ability to still perform and a',1
'the issue here isn\'t whether or not the principal "likes" or agrees with the lgbt community.  he is the principal of a vocational school meant to teach young people how to make a living so that they can support themselves and their families.     i can\'t believe that he hates one segment of the community so much that in order to keep them from learning this particular skill, he\'d deny all the students in that program their education; forcing them to either change schools to continue their education (or switch to another program for those who don\'t have the resources to change schools).     he\'s more than free to hate whomever he wants if that\'s how he\'d like to spend his life, but as an administrator charged with the education of anyone who\'s willing to learn, he can\'t base his decisions on whom he feels deserves to receive ',1
'1-who is anyone to judge another person? everyone lives in a glass house. if you are perfect then, i\'d love to know your secret for never making a mistake.    2-no one knows what really happened other than the those involved in this situation. they have to make choices that suit them. whether a woman or a man makes a mistake in a relationship, it\'s their biz to settle it the way they choose.     3-the director in this scenario is married from what i understand; no one cares about what his spouse is feeling, & this guy is certainly old enough to have learned from his past mistakes. he is fully aware of the consequences of his actions, & should stay away from the starlets in his movies if he can\'t handle himself.  rob and kristen are very young and will probably make a few more youthful mistakes in their relationship, if they do stay together, and hopefully have learn',1
'do you have some pictures that we don\'t because i don\'t see a single one that would allow you to evaluate the efficiency of the brakes?',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'one one hand, how hard is it to pay for your kids lunch?  there are programs to help you if you cant afford it...  on the other hand, how do you tell a kid he cant have lunch with his classmates  because his parents didnt pay for it?  one big fail for humanity...and only this kid will remember this day his whole life.',1
'since it\'s a rather extreme lie, and contrary to the first amendment, there\'s no reason for "in god we trust" to be on our currency or coins.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'what a stooooopid, ignorant, question this is!!! who in the heck is a jurrrrrnalist with such a low-rent mentality, as to even think about such stupidddddditeeeeeee  ​ y!!!????  probably comes from a moooosellllimm/infid  ​ el, yeeeeehawdissszt shareeeeah low/law nin-com-poop??? or perhapz just a "commieeeeee" lover.  bet\'cha >>> this person sitzz in the front pew on sunday too tho!????  yessssirrrrreeeeeeeb  ​ illlybobbbbeeethornt  ​ on says yup!!! brainz for all round.  wit-lessness.',1
'wasn\'t the first trillion dollars under tarp given to wall street by bush and henry paulson? how about the trillions in tax breaks to the wealthy in 2001 & 2003 - the bush tax cuts that the republicans refuse to allow to expire? what about the cost of the two wars we started for no legitimate purpose? how about the hundreds of billions of dollars in giveaways to big pharmaceutical companies under the mma in 2003? any of that count towards our current debt? just askin\'.....',1
'wow, small world eh?',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'what does the husband have to do with the fact that a mother happens to have traded in her suvs for a bike and is now taking six children around the city of portland, oregon? does the father get on the bicycle with them or maybe he happens to just be the income for the mother and the children, so what? she is still riding the bicycle within portland, oregon with her children and is making an environmental friendly decision that you still haven’t made.',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'don\'t ever say obama will or might win,,,,,,  it\'s a bad vibe,,,,your right about govt and it\'sprobable  inevitable decline,,,but we must try to persevere....',1
'but there is always the hope that christians will eventually evolve into intelligent, upright walking, free thinking, dr pepper drinking life forms       ;^)',1
'oh no!!!!!  gays are taking over the v-necks?  how horrible!!!!  they\'ve already stolen the rainbow from everyone and now v-necks?         next thing you know they\'ll be trying to get married.......  oooops!!!!  guess i\'m late on that news too.  they\'re already trying to ruin the bond of holy matrimony between a man and a woman.         all gays do is ruin things for everyone that isn\'t gay.  gays want everyone to be gay, but if that happened the human race would die out.  you can\'t reproduce with one guy sticking his dick in another guys anus.  pretty sick!!!!!',1
'i think christianity would lose a lot of it\'s appeal if we removed the imaginary attacks they love to embrace.  i can\'t help but wonder how many members they\'d lose if word got out that there\'s no such thing as a heavenly reward.  take away that whole life after death thing, and...poof! a sudden lack of interest in being an imaginary martyr.       guess what?  i\'m happy and i don\'t live in fear of soft drink advertisements.  somehow i bet there\'s a verse to explain how that makes me an evil candidate for hell, ...which only makes me feel better about myself.',1
'it\'s a gray-scale monitor with 12" pixels. it\'s kinda cool, but not impressive.',1
'the united states has tons of facilities dedicated to manufactoring bugs.  just food for thought.',1
'this little (blank) needs to be (blanked) hard in the (blank).',1
'this is really good,  i enjoy seeing it. it is different , i am sure she is enjoying it with her kids.',1
'haha...egypt. no more money for you. go phuck urselves u islamist poooosies.',0
'yes',1
'i agree with nancy pelosi\'s comments...all of them.',1
'i hate to discredit him because he obviously worked really hard to look like that but i think he looks ridiculous.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yes! i had a dream where i was having lunch with the icarly cast it was so cool!!',1
'are you single? ~~~richbachelor~~(bi  ​ ng it)~~is a focused r i c h men d a t i n g site where you can hook up with  r i c h men.we have been running r i c h men d a t i n g service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of r i c h men and quality women to find their matches.   have a try!! you\'ll believe!!!',0
'i don\'t think the  bible you are using means what you think it means.    science is there as proof ~ not to acknowledge that is such a scary thing.',1
'and would somebody please buy them both a personality!  watching and listening to stewart and pattinson on those talk shows when they\'re individually promoting a movie is painful to watch.  kristen is embarrassingly shy and can\'t seem to put two coherent words together, while pattinson laughs that goofy, nerdy nervous laugh of his at the most trite things it makes a person wonder how these people made it in the movie business.  apparently symmetrical facial features is all you need to be in front of the camera.',1
'i bet this guy wears his mothers panties to school!',1
'i wonder who gave the muslims the first dollar of aid.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'whoever wrote that headline must be a serious nonfighter.  i would destroy someone with those joke biceps.',1
'let everyone in traffic court phuq him in the ssa!',1
'yes, i agree. lmao, lmao, lmao, why play with a 12 year old vagina when you can have a ten year old boys tight little spinchter?i am ntimately and depravedly at it\'s dispicable worst and have twisted lust towards little boys. lmao, lmao, lmao...thugs rule.',1
'you must not know any nuns or bishops.',1
'she could not possibly watch all 6 kids on their own bikes and keep her eyes on the road, = fail the rewards of doing this are unbounded though not instantly obvious.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'why do you think ge is building desalination plants?     (which won\'t be enough)',1
'it was the best part of the rnc.  good luck with the election, you are going to need it.  how much is mitt romney "disliked" that he loses to the "most hated" man in america?',1
'my best friend jessica just announced her wedding with a millionaire guy. they met on === richbachelor === (bing it) it\'s the best online source for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women such as ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....). search your special someone now. it\'s worth a try.',0
'ok, this is pissing me off. why is the tittle ugliest woman in the world????? this is not the best way to attract browsers. if its meant to make her feel better, just the tittle already is wrong. addressing her or tagging her as the ugliest woman in the world is wrong, the person who came up with the tittle is also a bully in my opinion. ridiculous.... they should fire the person that wrote the tittle....',1
'cl:  are you on the fence with the repubs and dems?  you always go back to the repubs. i don\'t think you\'re a tea partier, except you seem to agree with them on the concern for the debt.    what do you think? am i correct?',1
'oh! unbelievable ,my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on   ......wealthyluv.​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  ​ ​​​​​​​​​​​.​​​​.​​​  ​ ​.​​​​​.​​​​​ . this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.             ',0
'and the poor people who are encouraged to take a handout for a vote dream of becoming the upper crust. i also think that you comfortable libtards would love to live like the libtard hollyweirds.      everyone wants to be rich....don\'t you idiots get that?     you turds should be encouraging people to get off their welfare, freeriding a$$es and go for it.     the problem is that under odumbo that dream comes in the purchase of a lottery ticket....     suck on it commies....yuk yuk.',1
'i wanted to buy one but obamas economy sucks and dont look like hes gonna figure it out hes an idiot',1
'that\'s what happened when they let gays into scouting.  you do know that men that molest boys are homosexuals .  regular pedophiles molest the opposite sex.  the gay ones molest the same sex.   but this is just another reason to exterminate all pedophiles.',1
'omg there is a tv god, perhaps i will consider restoring my faith in tv programming. this was shamful to have aired at all.  i\'m too releived this garbage is leaving and those no name reality freaks whom have cluttred up the televison screen have invested wisely. what a waste!!!',1
'one time when i was young i told my parents i had to go and we where at a water park called white water  and my parents told me to hold on i couldn\'t take it any more and went to the edge of the wave pool and just  started peeing off the edge into the pool they wanted to throw us out i dont know why every one pees in the pool just not like that',1
'~~~~  lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.                  ',0
'the columbia river gorge in oregon',1
'if some of you can actually read or still have the person reading to you, go to the source and read this:        michael altschul, senior vice president and legal counsel for ctia, the wireless industry association, told the  that a study that it conducted more than a decade ago found no interference from mobile devices.  “the fact is, the radio frequencies that are assigned for aviation use are separate from commercial use,” mr. altschul said. “plus, the wiring and instruments for aircraft are shielded to protect them from interference from commercial wireless devices.”  i’m not an engineer, but it does seem like if kindles and ipads were truly dangerous, the department of homeland security would be all over that shizz. i mean, they freak out over tiny bottles of shampoo. plus, ipads, like cellphones, can be switched to “airplane mode” that disables the device’s radio signal."',1
'i wonder how many of the embassy employees were begging for their lives and telling the muslims they had nothing against them while they were being anally raped time after time before they were killed?     i\'ll bet you the ex navy seals weren\'t.',1
'i\'m a 31 years old nice down to earth girl, easy going, thoughtful, with good morals! i am attracted to 40 plus olders.i avoid negative energy and tend to focus on the positive in all situations..i have upload pics on ~~~age-gap-match~~(t  ​ ​​​​​​​he # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women.)~~under the name of "cutedora". its very simple to meet me.             ',0
'most women do not feel safe around 20 men , so whats your point ....oh and mitt is a mormon , and ryan is an x boy scout , and dana patrick is not gay',1
'are you single? ~~richbachelor~~ is the first, largest chat site for singles in the world d a t i n g a wealthy man, marry, and chat with beautiful women online! now it\'s your turn! everyone is welcome to find their best matches or soul mates. it\'s worth a try.!!!!!!!',0
'if it is a public school, obviously he should  not have a choice but if it\'s a private school unfortunately it\'s a different story. just  for the record though, texas ranks one of the lowest  for education  in the whole country.  it\'s amazing how this "big oil state" does not have much for the people and sad how the no child left behind act was started from a man that is a texan. what a joke.  are narrow minds a shock? . it\'s pretty sad. they would have this attitude. it just promotes further bullying and that is pathetic. prinicipals should care about two things--are they getting a decent education from my school and am i good role model for character?he failed both courses.',1
'beware the musblim dogs! they are here to kill the white man! death to all the musblim dogs! viva america!',1
'preeeeecher,preeeeeecher.  do you carry a 44. mag like clint eastwood?   or is it a 38. special?  teacher teacher can you teach me can you tell me what\'s going on???   why you saved me i am healed.   i bet your rocking out to acdc.   or  god     don\'t tell me.     rap     tupac  i bet.',1
'looks like the fat was sucked out of his gut and pumped into his arms.  that is not a "body builder" biceps.',1
'it shows you how far romney is out of touch. both the usa and europe are devastated from so-called free trade that really isn\'t. what has wal-mart traded back to the chinese that equals what they import? what besides gold and weapons do the middle eastern nations buy? if the mandate was-- make it here because you can, open free trade for shortages and surpluses, no place in the world would ever be caught off-guard after a catastrophe and be unable to help their people. koch, walton, adelson, bush and all of the cold-hearted mindlessly greedy lowlifes strangling the globe today need to go away. we can only hope that obama wins and turns fire on corporate corruption the next day.',1
'==♀==richbachelor==♂  ​ ==(bing it) is a focused rich men dating site where you can chat with successful men and beautiful women.  we have been running rich men dating service since 2001 and have helped hundreds of thousands of rich men and quality women to find their matches.  have a try, please! everyone has the right to seek their soul mate.',0
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ my name~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!           ',0
'what a bunch of propoganda...     only idiots and obama think government creates jobs.  private  industry that generates profits hires people, puts them to work generates profits and wealth to support the government.  withoug the profits of private enterprise government would not enjoy any money to piss away.     government does not create jobs ecept in totalitatrian states at the point of a bayonet.  for every temporary make work job created by government 2 in private industry  are destoryed.  that is why when the stimulus bill sucked 860 billion out of the private sector, unemployment sky rocketed.  now the idiot obama and helicopter ben want to try another round of massive money printing.   do you really think massive money printing is going to make things better  or create a sing',1
'disgusting. this is what muscles look like when they are injected with steroids. no definition, but rather formless and inefficient lump of over-hydrated muscle tissue. he should get the award for "most deformed and injected biceps."',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'a ticket generated by a camera called a "non-moving violation".  the violation doesn\'t get reported to the insurance companies, so no points are issued.  the ordinance, which permits the cameras, is written to deceive the insurance companies.  where are the republicans, to protect the insurance business?',1
'ello',1
'the argument of "person a vs person b" doing the same job and paying one more than the other based on performance is so basic and simple it\'s barely worth mentioning.  the problem is the ceo/cfo (person c) reducing both person a and b\'s wages, benefits, forcing overtime for salaried people so they don\'t pay overtime to hourly people, each year, and force "productivity gains" every year so person c can get an extra penny on their stock options value and quote "obligation to maximize shareholder value".',1
'w c, twat will not be able to insult you until he knows what party you are with.',1
'michallah4yah, you musblim dog, go have sex with your mama and sister again! viva america! death to all you musbilm dog~ssa bass turds!!!!!!!!',1
'at this point these teachers have shown themselves to be such selfish douchebags that they shouldn\'t be allowed back in the school, because it\'s obvious they hate their jobs and that they\'re crappy teachers, they shouldn\'t be teaching. get rid of them all! they\'re easily replaced! ps...and why are they all so fat?',1
'the animator and the writer of this story should put themselves inside of the power sources to complete the interpretation',1
'howard,  that\'s not a dream. that\'s a nightmare. unless you went through that, that\'s not a healthy dream... perhaps you should seek some help?  also... a person of age 5 thru 12 do not understand our surroundings enough to digest our surroundings. i think you may be helped by talking with counselors?  nothing i mean by it... just that when i had dark issues, i found that just talking helped to bring things to light... so i can understand and deal with them, is all. good luck to you.',1
'i think there are people posting here that are much uglier than she could ever be.',1
'she\'s pathetic, always has been. hope rob\'s prepared to live thru this scenario over and over and over and over and  ..... again. he will always have that little voice, in the back of his head, doubting her. is that any way to live? if i was him, i\'d walk away.',1
'and ^&*() das want >^/ whaa<~\\ no ser wunr<^||~ will you cut it out already ???',1
'~~richbachelor~~(bin  ​ g it)~ is the best online home for looking for rich dating relationship or marriage. we celebrate the ~~~richbachelor ~~~ which achieved tremendous success bringing couples together! if you are successful, you are many times more likely to meet your match and have a higher caliber dating experience here than other places!',0
'and all this time they have call me a pig! bend over bitch!',1
'where the f*c did you hear that it was in our religion to hate americans? was it mentioned in the quran that " all muslims must hate americans"? how dumb can you get? and what leader of the muslims? muslims don\'t have a leader. islam is a religion based on belief. it\'s not a hierarchy or army for there to be a leader. do you\'re research before making a disrespectful and insulting comment like the one you did.',1
'your names already out there as a donkey blower... so sorry',1
'two drugged out has beens getin\' it on. wow! can\'t wait. not.   maybe the title of the movie say\'s it all.   yuk doesn\'t even begin to describe the visual image.   charlie white nose meets fake boobs - the sequel.',1
'wow… my best friend abigale has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup  ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'and how do the grade school kids dress for halloween? gobblins and gremlins are quite fine with parents but how dare grown adult 18 year olds dress like a hunter and a deer or rabbit. shame on those horrible grads. lol',1
'i view his response just as i view any actors or actresses\' response to politics: not newsworthy.  their opinion is only being upheld with more value because of the money (and therefore influence) they carry behind their words.  actors should stick to acting.  i would rather listen to palin (and that\'s saying something) than any "hollywood elite".',1
'two morons.',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via...........    ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'this profile photo was taken shortly after hearing about this super bug, and after the clean up some investigation was done to find out more about this thug, but at this point there is not much to learn except that he can slip in by resting on your rug, or simply swimming around making trouble in your coffee mug, and he is relentless, without any feelings, so don\'t try to make peace with him by offering him a hug, because he is for sure not friendly, unlike a black lab, german shepherd, or a feisty pug, and as he runs his course you become so weak that although you weigh much less, he will make your body feel like 1000 pounds you are having to lug, and while in the hospital on the sh it ter you will barely even be able to give the emergency string a tug, so the best thing to do is to keep away from him, because he is ready, and willing to fight for your life, and is so confident that before he even attacks you he already has your grave dug, however do not be worried about this horrible sickness that apparently does not stop, but just let yourself be comforted by the singing of hibbity, dibbity, bop, and a pee, pie, po, pop!!!!!!!!!!',1
'the film was in 2008? was she too intimidated to talk about it until now? i can\'t say i\'ve ever heard of her or the movie...',1
'i\'m going to show this to my wife. maybe instead of the new bmw that she wants i can talk her into one of these!',1
'lesbianconnect ~~~~( bing it). it\'s the world\'s first, largest and most trusted dating site for lesbian.enjoy it~~~~                    ',0
'stupid',1
'ha!!  it\'s all about survival, i try at all costs to avoid going to an unhappy place!!       thanks, it healed just shortly after my house was built...it was a painful process!!     have a nice evening yourself :)',1
'interesting. not a single thumbs down on that one. not even the liberals can disagree with you on this. 100% correct deemed.',1
'anthony, you and other reporters are a disgrace to the profession. i refuse to call you a journalist as you merely report what you are spoon-fed from the ovomit regime. no one is better off with a president who has run monumental deficits driving the national debt up more than all the previous presidents combined. unemployment is only getting worse after ovomit vowed that it would not reach 8% if his "stimulus" passed. the only people benefitting from the stimulus were companies such as solyndra that ripped us off for half a billion dollars with no return.        the auto companies have yet to pay back their loans from tax payers. god bless ford for not taking part in that scam to line the pockets of union bosses. geez, wonder how ford survived but the others couldn\'t manage? ovomit\'s foreign policy is to bow to or apologize to our enemies while insulting our allies.       ',1
'just to let you know (for all of you who are wondering) we got some rain about a week ago and my yard is now nice and green again.  i had to mow....that\'s enough rain.  thank you lord.',1
'my kids already think i smother them too much as it is. my 11-year old twins sons are too old to be kissed in public because it is \'embarrassing\'. my 9-year old daughter claims that i am the only mom that follows her to the bus stop but she is not a \'baby\' anymore so i should stop. i don\'t think a bike is safe enough for a 2-year old. i think they all just want some space so sadly, no.',1
'if you\'ve ever walked through a park in the city, or passed an alley, or a set-in doorway, it stinks to high heaven. the only way to try and stop all the people using the city as a big outdoor restroom is to make it illegal and start fining people.',1
'you don\'t inject steroids into the muscle, they are injected into your hip.',1
'would have been better without baldwin and tracy morgan.',1
'i\'m thinking this is another one of those facebook ad ploy?      i\'ve yet to judge a person on facebook, with or without comments. i will keep it that way i think.lol',1
'life is so lonely! do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?   check out~~~age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!            ',0
'dream on cretin.   let me fix it for you . did you mean the muslim, african born, lying, commie of a president?',1
'just how stupid is america.....no wonder were headed downward instead of upward. we are   undoughtedly the most religiously backward country on the planet along with the middle eastern  countries.',1
'um okay so what else is new he is a gay right wing republican of course he is right right and he is very correct no smart person would ever vote for him at least he can count on a large turn out...   as the iq goes 80s and 90s are very common anything over 100 pfft qualifies as intelligent out of 200    last iq test i took was an international one for microsoft  .  i smoked it at a 132  out of 160 the tester looked at me like i was some kind of demon     or something   she just said very scary  muuuahahahahaha    yea well at least i can say i am over 100% sure i wont be conned into voting republican.  i am not  for obama either... humm what a pickle  oh yes yes i am bragging- i am very scary.   i do security work for the great paying  microsoft corporation and i am real good    boooooo click refresh you moron    muuhahahahahahah',1
'bachi bazie to all the musblim dog\'s!',1
'why would someone be pranking penn state?? really, reddit people?! have you been reading the stories out of penn state butt department?! golly...     but all the funny making aside, i\'m sure there are still much much much residual resentment amongst the town\'s people throught this whole affair... if the worst they did in retaliation, out of hopelessness or helplessness sense that surely have brought to the people, to put a penny in some icecream, they were being kind. many people will take a knife to the perpetrators...     for every action, there is equal and opposite reaction... who said that..?  for the towns folks that felt betrayed, and raped in a sense of their senses, you gotta expect some oddities to come al',1
'cool! i want one for my 5 children!',1
'if anyone is offended by the word of god on our currency, please feel free to send them all to me. i promise to put them to good use.',1
'i\'ll miss weeds, boo woo',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try           ',0
'you\'re "obviously" an a$$hole vl  what a cretin !',0
'strange that altima is on you short list given nissan had to be bailed out by renault who was helped out by the french government several times.',1
'when you took that photo were you alive?',1
'sticks and stones may hurt me .... but never a stupid wingnut    ....    obama/biden  2012',1
'for once i agree with her',1
'i was lucky enough to be able to hold an alligator while in orlando at  trade show last january. it was about 4 feet long. his jaws were rubber-banded shut. his tummy left like soft, cool, rubber.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'"studies show that intersection cameras cause more accidents than they prevent"    yeah, way to go dthomp. don\'t let reason or logic trip up your thought process. just say whatever you would like to be true, and it is! that\'s science       provide a link to those studies.  of course you wont, because they do not exist.  yes......they do make money, but the also save lives',1
'all roided up and no place to go.  i bet his junk is broke too.',1
'i picked up a baby copperhead snake when i was nine. luckily i dropped it before it bit me!',1
'and the government releases its scientifically created superbug into the heartland of america right before election time...... how quaint of them...... considering its a form of pneumonia, many shall die and cause wide spread panic and chaos... for the last 8 years its been h1n1..... nows its a new strain right before voting time!!!!!! and this one isn\'t treatable!!!!! hahahahahahaha......  ​  our very own government is killing its citizens',1
'can\'t an individual with allergies sit at another table ?  or is that too simple ?  what are they worried about ?  some kid standing up and yelling "i have a pb&j and i\'m not afraid to use it ?',1
'why would anyone who has a life even care??????',1
'you forgot a really great fall scenic drive.  the natchez trace.  take 40 west out of nashville tn towards memphis.  get off of mccrory lane exit and turn left.  go for a few miles and turn right onto the trace.  it\'s about a 400 mile drive from this point down to natchez ms.  it has waterfalls, indian burial mounds, confederate graves, and a monument to merriweather lewis.  he is buried on the trace.  it only has one gas station so you will have to get off to get gas or food, but it is well worth the trip.  you can only drive about 50 miles and hour on this road. it goes over a small part of alabama at muscle shoals.  in ms you will see the pearl river and at natchez are all kinds of plantation homes.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'it\'s not a matter of making minorities feel special, it\'s about potentially saving lives. is it really that much of a hardship for the kids to not have peanut butter at school? no one is saying they can\'t eat it at home. eschewing peanut butter for a few hours a day is not suffering. it really isn\'t that big a deal for the kids without peanut allergies, but to the kids with peanut allergies it makes a huge difference.     my daughter loves peanut butter, but she can do without during the school day.',1
'what do they mean "separated from its mother?" did they tie her up so they could play with cub? cute cub but i don\'t think i like how it came to be.',1
'oh, yeah - shaking my head.',1
'so are your pathetic spartans.way to go nd',1
'braddddd     now that is as big a bs story if i ever heard one.',1
'i\'m not exactly sure what that means, but you misspelled "superiority."  i don\'t take people seriously who cannot spell correctly or use proper grammar, anyway.',1
'they have to prepare and earn their privacy like anybody else that\'s wants to flaunt the family jewels.  most importantly, stay away from those french idiots.',0
'what?  how can skyline drive in the shanandoa/appalachia  ​ n/luray, virginia area be left off of this list?  the view in this area is so breathtaking and one can stay in the various bed and breakfast inns to boot!',1
'heroin addict',0
'which ones? which freedoms have you lost? if you can conjure any up, how do they apply to the president and his actions?     you paid political posters have to go.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ( ā_g_ē_l_0_v_è_r_`is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'now you\'ve caught the beat, pal o\' mine.  like clarifying buttah :-)  historical note for the kidz:  before basmati rice became all the rage, one had to really wash it first, cuz otherwise one might mistakenly bite down hard and shatter a perfectly healthy tooth on something like a rock, a piece of glass, et al.',1
'$21.7million - $3 million = $18.7 million     poor little willy robme. hard to imagine how the ba$tard survived. lol!!!!',1
'you can never have enough tp.',1
'this does not included all the other hidden taxes that all of us pay. from tax added to everytime you buy gas for your car, to using your cell phone or turn on your lights in your home. it amazes me that liberals insist that somehow we should all happily ask the government to gouge us even more. we are all now, past, present, and future able to say......"yes i did help build that, cause i paid for that".',1
'well, once i worked for a dry cleaners.  i was about 18 or 19 yrs old and i was working at a small store that wasn\'t busy and it was nice.  then they decided they wanted to get rid of me so they moved me to a busy store where the dry cleaning was actually done.  it was hotter than hell in the summer and no a/c.  the managers were being jerks but i held out for another six months until i finally blew up and gave my two weeks notice.  i came in the next day and the manager told me that him and the owner thought it would be best if i didn\'t come back.  i was pissed and grabbed my stuff and people were asking what was wrong and i explained and then, in front of the security cameras, i said, "i hope this place burns to the ground!" and walked out.  fortunately for me, it didn\'t.  lol.     then i worked for an other company and was having mental health issues and they fired me.  i applied for workers comp and was denied, but the company put on the letter that they didn\'t know i was sick.  it was a total lie.  i was on fmla a',1
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'if you buy a  $6,000 absolutely necessary car you could pay 600 to 900 dollar sales tax. if you buy 2 million dollars worth of ford motor company you pay no sales tax. crazy!      corporations once payed about 46 percent of all federal income. now they make record profits from slave labor and pay 0 to 9 percent. insane!      banks can collect 600k for a 200k house ,even when the tax payer backs the loan. that is a liscens to steal! if all such guaranteed loans were made directly for a small interest, house notes would be cut by half or more and trillions would be left in the hands of our people instead of thieving banks.     our big banks with trillions in assets have been getting billions in 0% loans. the pigs have been using our own money to drive up the price of oil and other essentials. everyone knows this and nothing is done to stop it.     the middle and working class are screwed in every possible way. when the ceo of disney made 600k in salary and god kn',1
'go f yourself!',1
'not really.  i have been accused of being in debt, therefore i have to work.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'relationships in the business are very hard to maintain,  when you have a 40 something year old perv who is your boss hitting on you i would think that it would be a bit much for any 22 year old girl.  this director should be ashamed of himself.  the scrutiny that ms stewart has gone through is beyond ridiculous.',1
'the average american pays 50% in taxes!!!!!!!!!! add up in one year what you pay in tax for real estate property tax, sales tax, car tax, state tax, utility tax, and most of all---hidden taxes( gas taxes, all the taxes a business pays to produce or sell goods that factors into the price you pay for it at the point of sale, etc..) oh, why do you have to pay income tax on all of the "hidden taxes" ? this is the real picture of why the middle class is shrinking!!!!!!!!!!!  ​  a car gets taxed as many times as it sells between owners!!! that\'s bulls###!',1
'i agree completely!   and even more frightening....water  ​ !  people drown in it!  must be eliminated!',1
'if a person does not have w-2 income or 1099 income as a self employed person and only dividends, capital gains etc. type income then you can make the numbers (tax rate look distorted), if you do not compare apples to apples.       if you have w-2 income the lowest tax rate is 10% for 2012 up to $17,400 for a married couple.  however; you will receive a minimum of $11,900 in a standard deduction or itemized deductions plus $3,800 for each exemption.  if it is you and your spouse it is 2 x $3,800 or $7,600.  if you have children you get another $3,800 for each child.  if no children you will get $11,900 + $7,600 or $19,500 you pay $0.00 federal income tax on.  to get your effective federal tax rate, you must add this back to your taxable (agi) and then calculate the effective tax rate.  to get your total tax rate you would need to add the social secuirty and medicare tax to the income tax paid and then recalulate.      ',1
'illiterate fool.',0
'i love fresh panda soup',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'this story is gay.',1
'right click on it then choose what you want to do',1
'nothing goes wrong in a car if you built it yourself like me.. lmao. 62 ford. built with metal not plastic. metal doenst fall apart. 4 years driving no problems-  least i know whats in my motor most people with new cars no nothing about a new car. wow you can change your tire and put air in it and worship it. hey try a re-built engine for starters from a 66 mustang. lmao you wouldnt know what to do. a new car weights usually around that. idk what mine weighs sorry to say that. a 1962 ford with metal and a large mustang engine. im gona do a check and then think about it. but hey. chrome bumpers weighing over 80 pounds each if not more is a ton of protection to plastic bumpers',1
'the author of this article needs to know that isnt muscle,his arms are filled with a substance called synthol.',1
'thanks, i\'m not very worried as my overall hearing is still nearly full human range. but i figure, some concerts i\'ve been to have sounded like explosions. the girl talk show this summer destroyed my hearing for days. so i just consider the sound in my ears like a background noise but don\'t want the volume of it increased.',1
'are you high now? i don\'t agree with drugs, are you that high or just ignorant not to get it.',1
'i am really surprised at the overall lack of knowledge of the bsa. i know they are a target of the liberals, as they do not allow gays, but they have that right. that has been their policy for over 100 years, so there is no policy change because of current agendas. i agree with the comments below regarding child predators seeking venues where there are children present - this is why  so many are teachers, clergy, youth groups, and of course, the bsa. one confusing comment from mr_owl 101 regarding a scout leader touching him inappropriately during a \'service\' at church - while the bsa embraces patriotic and faith practices, it is not associated with any particular church, beyond renting facilities to hold meetings. i don\'t know what he meant, but my son is a 4th generation scout, my grandfather belonging the early 1900\'s, and never have i heard so much about all this, never mind witnessed it. i don\'t doubt there are some predators that get in, having no record or history, however almost all scout leaders are either parents of scouts, or have been scouts all their lives, so it isn\'t like they flock there from the outside world!',1
'sorry, but i say no.  there are too many options today to condone that behavior of letting your child pee in public and yes - i have two kids and since i am now older with an over active bladder, i know for a fact that there are options.       1.  where protection incase of accidents.   2.  go places where you know there are proper facilities to take care of those matters.   3.  don\'t go out for long periods of time.   4.  control fluid intake so as to not have to go as frequently.   5.  as part of teaching a child, take frequent potty breaks.  toddlers learn from their parents and the more you do it and do it with them, the easier it will be for them to follow suit.',1
'rt; you reciently said you were in the joint, you just get out, or you yanking everybodys chain?',1
'i don\'t want to see her top. i want to see her bottom. the royal~ssa!',1
'surprisingly vl....you seemed to feel if anyone points out any faults in your logic,ideas or statements; they are nothing but a condescending voice in the forest of lost souls...  your over usage of the explanation towards your peers, seems condescending in it\'s own right.?     when such a poster as mavre offers their own veiwpoint as a differing opinion, or points out some fallacies in your\'s;....they are the one "supplying a load of pickle juice."     i find quite often that an opposing veiwpoint is somewhat "refreshing and illuminating" and refutes the droning of others; that may be constantly beating on the same drum...  you may check with spellcheck, if you feel it is necessary.',1
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'the government screwed us a long time ago.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'when a child says he needs to go, better find a private place or restroom to pee asap. unlike this woman i am resourceful enough to figure out a way to get my child to urinate away from the public. i would have went to my car and had him pee in a cup or any container i found in the trash.',1
'i pay 33 % why is he crying like a baby',1
'i\'m going to move to san fran and sell doughnuts down on the corner',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'specially when the government is handling the free stuff. then it cost 10 times what it should.',1
'how do i get a print of this picture?',1
'so buffet pays 11%. so what, that\'s probably a billion dollars. the gov\'t wants to increase taxes on the successful and wealthy, but what do the wealthy do with their money - they spend it. they buy cars, houses, boats, take vacations, start companies - all of which creates jobs. what would the gov\'t do with the tax money - waste it. unfortunately obama has made profil, success and wealth dirty words. wharever happened to the american dream?',1
'i guess those taxes are things we signed up for so that a government could "give" us all that they do.',1
'i love my tiny ssssausage pulled and tugged, yum yummy. dig around in my sssstarfisssh and i will never leave you around yummmmmy! i love donkey puffing yum yummy.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'spellcheck. try it.',1
'ugly is on the inside.  she is not ugly.  she\'s been dealt a hand that she\'s playing a wonderful round with!  her attitude is fantastic!  personally, i wish i had her fat content as i am personally way overweight.   lizzie, to quote a 70\'s phrase.."keep on truckin\'," ....you rock!',1
'i think he drank tooooo much of his own pee.',1
'are you sure its not wearing a collar? it really looks like the guy is pulling on his collar?',0
'id rather still drive a car then a bike...who cares if you save gas money. when your makign a figure 8 income why does it matter your saving money but it wont save as much as im making so why bother debating that one',1
'are you referring to the eisenhower administration and the seato treaty?',1
'yes, working late in life is about \'fulfillment\'.  more likely it is about \'survival\'.  we also liked the comment about workers in industrialized nations transitioning away from traditional pension plans, like it was their choice.  the wealthy, worldwide, are in the process of becoming much wealthier, and all the good little workers need to buckle-down and give in, give up and ultimately, give out, when they are no longer physically able to work.  that is how it was at the beginning of the 20th century, work until you drop, and the wealthy never had so much money, other than now, of course.',1
'do high doses of vit. c raise people from the dead?   he said they both died.',1
'send them to a 3rd world country for a month',1
'what a shame labs are my favorite wish i was that friendly like they are',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!                      ',0
'there is a reason tax rates as a % go up with income, and that is because if you earn very little 10% tax leaves you with less of very little. if you earn a large amount paying 30% tax still leaves you with a large amount. it is universally acknowledged, that there should be tax bands and that this helps reduce poverty, something that benefits all of us - even rich folk. also lower income families spend more of their money (they have to), higher income familes spend less, so to stimulate an economy you need to tax higher earners more and reduce it on lower earners. i am a top 5% earner, and believe it is only fair that i pay a higher proportion of tax (24% last year). learn about progressive and regressive taxation, marginal consumption rates etc and get the whole picture before proposing flat tax/ sales tax only solutions which will make matters much worse.  also learn that raising taxes is going to be needed to fix the deficit - as cutting government spending will kill the economy.',1
'i only hope and pray that they all stay safe. with so many hop heads, drunks,cell users and texters on the road i don\'t even feel safe in a mack truck.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'why are muslims always so quick to hate and condemn others and ignore their own faults   --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ --------------------  ​ ------------------  you have far, far too many faults to let a rock speak.  we are quite strong with our religion and we don\'t want anybody to hurt, kill, insult any muslim all over the world.  each people or nation has its own faluts, ms./mr. however, when never hate, kill any other people without any reasons, or steal the resources of some other countries such you.  you are killing too many innocent muslim people around the world with quite the bad claim \'qaeda\'. i am quite sure that most of your societies  wouldn\'t  agree with killing innocent muslim people; otherwise your government has been tried convincing your peoples with "qaeda" in order to your peoples don\'t oppose your a very bad claim   goverment. despite of that,  most muslim people are still wise and don\'t want to do like you do"killing the innocent pe',1
'its only the poor and pitiful me types that do',1
'i am not a fan of obama , but we all know his problems is white racism, call a spade a spade...',1
'luangwa i was not going to reply to your ridiculous comment but what the hell.  first of all i said allergic to a lot of food, as in plural, multiple foods.  understand?  you have no idea what foods they are allergic to or what the allergic reaction is for them.  i am being respectful in my comments, not calling anybody stupid (i did use the word nuts, just following the way the article\'s question was asked).  you however appear to be not only ignorant but also rude (many times those go hand in hand thought).  i am against making others change what is regular acceptable routines just so they can accommodate to my life.  everyone has issues and challenges, and everyone is responsible for making things work for themselves.  nobody has the obligation to change things up just so they fit your life.  schools can make reasonable changes like making an allergy free table in the cafeteria so it never gets used with regular foods and so on.  those are reasonable accommodations to this issue but banning perfectly fine foods just because a few kids can\'t eat them doesn\'t make sense.  this attitude of everyone owes me, everyone has to accommodate to me is so present in our culture right now, v',1
'obama needs hotter cheerleaders, no wonder libs wear obama-goggles, they must make her look good i wonder if they have obama ear-phones too, listen to the foolish things her and joe biden say',1
'ahahah go talk to a therapist kid, you sound like you may have a mental issue. and yes i proudly serve, and my best friend that joined with me was delayed to go to boot for 4 months because he didnt have his hs diploma and was told that he needed an as or aa degree to join. luckily he only needed a few more credits for his degree and one semester later we left for boot. having 15 college credits only gives you a contract promotion from e-1 to e-2. sounds like you may need to get your facts straight junior, don\'t you have to catch the short bus now? try not to lick the windows.',1
'tits and pu$$y.',0
'betty, no one is stopping you from getting help in starting a business. why stomp on someone who wants to do better. do you really think you only citizens of this country should be allowed to do business here? you need to step into reality. as tlg35 said, don\'t support the businesses of hardworking people who want to do better.',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'sorry but they do not have the right to privacy of data when it concerns sex crimes.  they are no better than joe paterno and his gang.  they covered it up and now i hope that they get sued big time by scouts who were abused.  no different than church clergy who covered up abuse.',1
'everyone in the airport needs to strip off all clothes the minute they hit the airport.  also moaning & groaning as the tsa gropes them would break that bad habit of theirs in a week.  expressing pleasure by moaning & groaning is protected by free speech.  oh, oh my, oh yes, lower, faster, harder, deeper.  i think i\'m cumming now.  regards to meg ryan, when harry met sally.',1
'what has changed in our food supply that so many kids have allergies? i was the only kid in school (many years ago) with food allergies. no one made special arrangements for me, nor did i expect them. i was taught at a very early age what to avoid and what to do if i accidentally came in contact with something harmful.',1
'i agree, where are the seniors supposed to find jobs?  companies look at seniors as a liability for health reasons, and probably stamina.  so it sounds like they just tell the american public something and that makes it so.  this is not a perfect world and i am tired of washington of telling you what and how you have to do something and does not provide the enviroment for what they are dictating.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'it\'s been fun, but it\'s time to thin the herd folks......     thanks for your help,   -- elite 1%',1
'thank you rae .',1
'i was the only kid in the whole school with food allergies, way back then!',1
'yes, of course i get worried.  a bug like this could do a lot of damage too the population.  i worry about my grand children coming in contact with it....another item too a long list.',1
'supermom pedals six kids every day that\'s cool',1
'the tax system explained in beer   suppose that every day, ten men go out for beer and the bill for all ten comes to $100...   if they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes, it would go something like this...   the first four men (the poorest) would pay nothing.   the fifth would pay $1.   the sixth would pay $3.   the seventh would pay $7..   the eighth would pay $12.   the ninth would pay $18.   the tenth man (the richest) would pay $59.  ',1
'are you really that dumb?',1
'as a parent of two, traveling worldwide, and occasionally having to relieve myself when not in a bathroom, i have to say that i think all of this discussion, ticketing and general disagreement is ridiculous.   i realize that bathrooms are more sanitary.  i accept that i do not know all the circumstance if this story.  however, as long as the parent does a reasonable job trying to find a way to be discrete about it and it is not in a completely public place (say inside the bus stop or other places people regularly congregate) no problem.  pull the kid up to the bushes and let it go.  when i was doing 10 mile ruck marches in the army and bivowacking for 3 days, we were not always able to pee in a toilet.  when we drove non-stop into iraq only stopping in emergencies and immediately having to pull security we did not pee into toilets then either.   nobody is saying not teach kids right, but telling a toddler to pee hold it beyond the abilities of their body is not reasonable either.',1
'why does everyone presume to know what god wants or would approve of? this whole idea of god is a control, to make society do what the majority wants. it leaves no room for people who are individuals. this whole gay issue has been happening throughout history........its not a new thing.  its just another way to make a group an in or out group .. blacks were once a part of this group, gays, lesbians, native americans, mexicans... in order to have an "in " group you must have an outgroup, then you say "we" are better than "them"........it elevates the confidences of the in group so they feel good about themselves.......the  ​  kkk fits into this group wonderfully.......th  ​ ats what gave them the right to lynch and to bomb churches back in 1963.........so keep your in group i want no part of that....which is worse to be gay or to be a part of the in group that committs killings on a daily basis?',1
'picture 11 is not normal....... lol:) this really made my day!!!',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【 nudistpartner 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'prime example, just one of many that, we didnt want our children in the ppublic school system. they act like animals and the place is a sewar.the parents have to say its a good school, who wants their child in a bad school. we sacrificed much needed money to send ours to the school of our choice and voice.we have no regrets it was money  well spent.',1
'so you are saying before obama you would of just paid cash  and   forget about  the rightoff . thanks for creating jobes and  having me  have to pay for your newly pavedriveway the more you make the cheaper you  clowns get  .  you are not that special just because you make more then  $ 250,000.00 a year',1
'nothing like a mistress are we, brad. relax, he\'s yours.',1
'yes, the teacher\'s union is no different than a mafia.  they shake down the teachers for a cut of their paycheck, control them like mindless workers.  you can now see how much these teachers really care about teaching the kids, or care for their well being.  this is what is truly wrong with the education system in america.  fire them all.  hire them back at 15% less salary then they had before with no contract or gaurantee of a raise, or employement.  each year fire the worst teach in every school, and give the good ones cost of living raises.  this will get results out of them.  it\'s how we are all treated at our jobs, why should they be any different.  and we don\'t get over 100 days off each year.  i have no contract, no gaurantee of any raise, or any employment tomorrow.  so i work my butt of to try to earn one and keep my job.  if i was guaranteed my job next year i probably wouldn\'t work as hard.',1
'nut ban?  how about nut jobs in the school system.  this is an example of how the left wing - who run education - are becoming nazis.',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'of course you get things back. roads, schools, medicare, social security, police officers, and many more advantages that many people in the world don\'t get. if someone comes here and doesn\'t have to pay taxes, it is only for a short amount of time. eventually they do pay taxes. just becasue someone moves here from another country doesn\'t mean that they aren\'t citizens or that they are not working toward becoming one. there are also grants for citizens who are starting small businesses. if you don\'t want to support their business then don\'t. you don\'t have to buy their goods and services. you could start your own business. i say shame on you for complaining about people who are trying to better themselves and their way of life. i don\'t know of a better way of describing an american than to say they are trying to better their situation in life.',1
'who cares about the political games being played, all i want to know is, how is our president going to respond to the attacks on our embassies?',1
'my best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! they met via    === m_o_t_o_d_a_t_i_n_g === it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. if you are interested in it, just check it out.                ',0
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'i agree with you karp.',1
'this is the least of their problems right now!!',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'thanks for providing such an excellent source, msn. the baltimore sun? ap? i do so enjoy chasing down every goddamn hint of a lead. this is msnnow, but even your regular sources are a pain in the ****. do you have sources for sensationalist news other than sensationalist news? who is identifying these sources?      meanwhile, dave smalley beat me to the point. he\'s right. just because a virus is resistant to one strain of antibiotic doesn\'t mean it can survivve the immune system.  kpc mostly kills people who have some other immunodeficienct condition already, or a history of disease.  most of the people who contract it never even know they have it. it\'s not a killer superbug, it\'s just another virus. likely, it will not succeed at anything other than being eradicated or mutating into another antibiotic-resistain  ​  strain because people change the genetic "locks" on cells every generation through sex.    ',1
'no',1
'free enterprise, capitalism, free trade.  concepts that have served america well in the past.  the internet, very large container ships, and a certain moral flexibility regarding human rights are beginning to tarnish these ideals.  the economic wild wild west of china and india has lured american capitalists to their shores, bringing large numbers of very good jobs with them.  it will not end until americans say they have had enough.  americans should not have to work until they die.  americans should have workplace safety, time off, sick leave, healthcare and retirement at a reasonable age.  americans have enjoyed these benefits for some time now, and we do not have to give them up.  americans simply will not live like most chinese or indians.  we will fight.  count on it.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'ha!  the deck is stacked against you from the get go and it just get\'s worse!  the real winners are those fat cats on wall street living off all those fees they charge the 401k investors.  if you started investing in 401k mutual funds around the turn of the century, mostly you have just been loosing money, not gaining.  in  the last 15 years, i saved almost as much money as the maximum contribution to my 401k generated.   however, the value of my savings have been consumed by inflation, the 401k has failed to return the promised gains, and the company pension kept getting watered down, more and more,  the longer i worked for the company.  to add insult to injury, the government has failed to properly manage medicare and social security.  do i hear more  empty promises anyone?',1
'its actually really easy. abolish the irs. turn the agents into welfare inspectors. limit welfare to no more than 2 years for your lifetime. impose a flat tax of 12% and institute a national sales tax of 6%. no class warfare, no secret loop holes. under this system everyone pays the same. if you make a $1 , you pay $.12. if you make $10, you pay $1.20 and if you make $100, you pay $12.00. so, the more you make, the more you pay, but you aren\'t paying anymore than the little guy. furthermore a national sales sales tax, gets everyone to pay something. illegals, welfare, tourists, people on visa\'s. its a win - win people.',1
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【 nudistpartner 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'jj835 your about a half a bubble off! that\'s like saying you lent me a spoon, so your responsible for the weight i gained from eating with it. that\'s like saying the gun is evil not the evil person that pulled the trigger! pull your head out and smell the roses. this is what is wrong with too many folks in this country',1
'never should have been fimed, trash.',1
'place a add in paper ,  teachers wanted  $75,00.00 a yr    see what happens',1
'the actual article says they replaced it with a school lunch...free of charge and sent a note home.',1
'i guess this is why bsa doesn\'t want more gays in their ranks...',1
'the bleacher seats in wrigley field were 50 cents, i worked three jobs in the summer time and could never afford to see a cubs game...i had to use an "i like  ike" button to hold my shirt closed and my father was a democrat, and so were all his drinkin\' buddies..',1
'hahaha religion feaks are sad, why can\'t they jsut realize that noone actually knows how the **** we got here, i mean evolution is a fact, and this is just an ad, a sweet ad i will add haha',1
'is that how you do things???? i\'ve always found facebook to be worthless and unworthy of my attention!!!!.... that\'s how i do things',1
'sorry, but i can\'t remember the last time i saw any news of a death from sitting next to someone eating peanuts. are there any reliable statistics?',1
'don\'t all those wallstreet aholes use your money your better off a churchhill downs.',1
'this is new york...looking at a high of 75..basically all week.. fight now at 7:10 am it is 56   not 25 degrees.',1
'maybe it was a mermaid.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'this is just a ploy for the movie coming out in november.  robert p. would be foolish, to say the least, if he was really going to get back with kristen s.  once a cheater, always a cheater.  do you really think the photos of kristen and her director show that she has any real love for robert p. ?  watch out robert.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'what a great dog, good luck jack!',1
'i recieved a meager inheritance and the ****ing govt stole it, i have no job and nc is not dolling out stamps here. said theryre 2 billion in debt, i was taxed 20% and left broke. if you want to leave money to your kids, give it to them while your still alive or find a better way than what happened to me.',1
'"rap genius nicki minaj"?!?!?!?! are you kidding msn???? we need judges who actually know what musical and artistic talent is and you want a rap genius go listen to immortal technique',1
'he was very good actor in the show. sometimes i can\'t watch reruns because knowing what is going to happen. new shows, i watch.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.               ',0
'isn\'t this one of my nightmares?  i have a big test at school and as i\'m walking into the building, i realize that i\'m completely naked.  i know i have to take that test to pass so i spend the rest of the time trying to figure out a way to get into class without anyone noticing that i\'m naked...',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'never!  there\'s a big difference between going for a fun bike ride with your kids and this.  is this woman insane?!  thank god she and her children haven\'t been killed or maimed in that contraption.  it is not safe by any standard, and i can\'t believe it\'s legal to ride that thing in the streets with the kids right there out in the open, unsafe and the little girl in the back is pedaling with a dress  that could easily get caught in the chain!  wtf is she thinking?  and this brings her some kind of happiness?  well the kids don\'t look very happy to me and are probably mortified to show their faces at school or anywhere where people know they have a nutjob for a mother and make fun of them because of this.  are we supposed to cheer her on for putting her children in danger every day?  what\'s to be proud of that she takes them everywhere and does the grocery shopping in that thing?  and she does this in all kinds of weather - so she apparently doesn\'t care that her kids will get soaking wet and freezing cold in the rain as they\'re pedaling along.  give me a break.  oh yeah and that baby in the middle looks real safe!  and what if they\'re going uphill and don\'t have the strength to pe',1
'how far up your s$$ is your head actually stuck.  are you a demofag, or just a demifool.',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'negative!!!!pay-off debt first, invest wisely second. tax incentives are miniscule compare to inflation, compound interest, and finance charges. you have it backwards my friend. there is a need to save and invest, but not when you are either underwater or debt ridden to where you live pay check to pay check. this does not make sense. financials are not guaranteed and subject to collapse. have you forgotten what happened to many of us in 2008 with stocks and mutual funds? pay the debt off first smallest to biggest, then do not repeat the mistake. then invest  and acquire assets not liabilities.',1
'cut social spending, cut money to illegals, cut all money to other countries, cut food stamps by a third, cut cut cut.',1
'it takes a douche bag to know one....i guess you like oweing th gov $50,000, i don\'t and i do not like obama\'s policies...it will totally break the usa. you know what obama said to the russians..."when i get reelected i can do more". ....more of what ie higher taxes etc?  i can"t figure out why you demorcats are so in loive with obama....look he had his chance and he muffed it....your harsh assessment of the rep and the romney-ryan camp is absurd. what the 7734 are you smoking or drinking...probably just love to be screwed by the dems just for youer vote....look through the dem smoke screen and you\'ll see higher taxes and fewer jobs and a much smaller military. your hatred blinds you from seeing our $16 trillion dollar debt, 24 million unemployed or underemployed, out steady 8% unemployment, and four straight trillion dollar budget deficits....omg...th  ​ at means obama must go!....when your wallet is stretched to the limits remember pdbooker1776 told you so.',1
'why is it illegal to do certain things to cars but its ok to make your own bike in your garage? wtf? i think the rat rod fan club should have a say in this one-',1
'speaking as a mom of children with food allergies i think this is nuts.  my kids are allergic to a lot of food, gluten being one of them, so what should i do, tell every kid in school they can\'t eat sandwiches at all any more?!  that is crazy.  my kids just have to sit elsewhere when they\'re eating and that\'s it.  it\'s insane to force other kids to eat "safe" foods just because my kids can\'t eat what everyone else is eating.',1
'several years ago there was a report of a child playing with his new found friend in a meadow until the child\'s mother discovered his playmate wasn\'t a black dog as he had express.  under the watchful eyes of mother black bear her cub romped and played with the human child with no real concern.  human mamma quickly stopped the adventure and notified area authorities.  no harm came to mother and cub.  they were chased deep into the woods never to be seen again.  such behavior is rare and at the time innocent, yet often we over react and cause more damage by using force in excess and remove animals to lesser opportunities for confrontation.  of course there is the other side of such interactions with the young of wild animals---- injury or death!  avoidance is the safe route!',1
'fired, and given an iq test before being hired by anyone. what an idiot.',1
'there were some earlier, but apparently they deleted them. maybe they actually read either the article or posts about them basically being idiots.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'ah yes, the rich "only" pay very littel income tax, but yest no one wants to talk about what corporate taxes bring in. stupid article for an even dumber population.',1
'necromantic ?? i would love to know what makes you think christianity is necromantic !  where did you get that pervertedly twisted view of  christianity? do you even know what necromancy is?',1
'lmfao you are so funny, gay people are the ones who create hurricanes, tornados, murders and are terrorists. that was a really good laugh for the first thing on monday morning, thank you. wow, i would love to know how you figured that one out sigmund freud......it\'s funny how you also call yourself a decent christian but all your projecting is hate. all the decent christians i know are the gay ones.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'wow, what an alibi for his wife after he ran off with his girlfriend for three months. lol',1
'its not only about eating peanut products. i have severe nut allergies and even the smell of peanuts or speaking to someone who has consumed peanut products cant start up an allergic reaction. the children who want to eat peanut products can eat them at home as the risk is too great for those children with the allergy.',1
'who is she? and how long ago and forgotten was that flick? who cares, get a job...',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'what a freak!!!',1
'you\'re an indiot abc123174.  you really don\'t have a clue.',1
'however, since the problems were identified in the uk set slated for release on october 1, deferment of the us edition isn\'t worth anything!  why  didn\'t universal in the uk announce deferment as well? or is the faulty edition seen as good enough for region b blu ray buyers?',1
'this world is ridiculous.',1
'so what happened to jenkins?  had to go hungry \'cause he wasn\'t allowed to eat his free home-made lunch?  such bs!!!',1
'cyclops;world is full of secret dreams ask your kids; or maybe better messiaen who just wrote it on a piece of paper.',1
'no one has the right to cover up sexual molestation on a minor in any organization in america. btw i\'m a right wing republican and as do im sure the rest of our party wish you to not defend molestation under our name.',1
', i really enjoyed pissing u off',1
'this is a very dumb act by a man who is not representing gods word i am one christian who wants no association with this god loves every gay person.',1
'to copy this picture just right click on it and then choose what yhou want to do.hope this was of help',1
'i agree with everything that you wrote. the only problem is that right now it\'s about a 50/50 split on people who pay/don\'t pay taxes. also the people who don\'t pay any taxes at all, get to vote to decide how much people who do pay taxes, should pay.  it doesn\'t offer any real incentive to be a working member of the society. when you know that the people who aren\'t working are going to decide how much you need to give to the government.      another part of the problem is that the tax code is so darn complicated that they needed to take the first 3 or 4 paragraphs to tell you just how to get your aig. it shouldn\'t be that difficult to come up with your tax rates. now there are whole accounting departments who\'s sole purpose is to jump through as many tax loopholes as possible, to save a company money in taxes.     ',1
'to: theduderific (that name says it all) let me understand...you are angry over a half percent difference of obama vs. ryan tax, however you are ok that poor man romney had no income to report therefore no payroll tax?',1
'some seem to be missing that he was not doing this because they were simply gay, but because he disliked so many that seemed to think one\'s preference in genitalia had to dictate how they acted.  even then, did he actually say that was why?',1
'i think msn or whomever is running this website, is being paid by the spammers. theres no other reason they would be here so long, and nothing be done about it. thats really freaking lame.     either that or learn how to ip block.',1
'could it be that a little bit of truth is finally coming out about tax rates and what people really pay?  its a shame that there are so many people stupid enough to think that they actually pay more, when in fact they don\'t.      anyone ever factor in how much they get returned?  yeah, i doubt it, because then you would have to face the reality that the wealthy are the ones supporting this economy, and taxing them more only hurts.',1
'bottom line all these super rich a-holes running their mouth about not paying enough taxes. nothing stops you from writing uncle sam a check for what you feel you should pay. put your money where your mouth is and just pay more taxes or give it to people who really need it.',1
'14% of 21.7 million = $3,000,000.00   yea, he didn\'t pay enough.  ha ha ha!!!!!',1
'absolutly!!!!!!',1
'david, i think your missing the point "alleged". the leaders as well as parents will report illegal actions!!!',1
'fred (whitefang)  many thanks for the great laugh - may i toss some of my least favored politicians your way please?',1
'it is all part of the grand plan to condition an entire generation to have no expectation of freedom, personal privacy (facebook, tsa, etc.).      if you don\'t think so, stop for a moment and look at your kids or grandkids and the things they are willing to share on a \'timeline\' on facebook.  pretty much everything.  by the time they head off to college there is a very detailed dossier of their lives on line and in data bases from the time they were born.    wow, am i lucky.  when i was a kid, nobody was protecting me or other students from peanut butter sandwiches in the cafeteria.  can\'t believe i survived.',1
'?',1
'ssa in a glass. nice.',1
'no matter what any column, person or entity says. always pay down your personal debt first, here why. if you pay down debt first, you begin to save money and have capital after the debt is eliminated. if you invest first and it tanks or sinks, you\'re left with the debt and no investment or capital. modern financial principles want you to invest first, so they can make money on fees, commissions, etc. they also want to keep the public in debt  that way the financial institutions can make money on interest too. if you default, they repossess or liquidate your property and still make money on the assets. it is based on the consumer\'s economic misery. it\'s financial slavery. they want to keep you in a "ad infinitum" state of debt. eradicate the debt first!!! always.',1
'the guinness book of records put the guinness book of records in the guinness book of records as a book having the most records. you can only see the record by buying the book of records, apparently the most recorded record ever doesn\'t pull up on their own site',1
'unfortunately, all too often school administrators advocate the \'zero tolerance = zero common sense\' policy.  yes, peanuts are a severe allergen for those susceptible, but peanuts can\'t fly (at least, that\'s what i heard).  this is merely a lame approach to an issue where \'educator\'s are acting plain stupid.',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【 nudistpartner 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'i doubt that you will rember bush didnt  count the wars he and his buds are making billions  on or pay for the  med care part d  that give billions to insurance companies    pukes forget they allways run the debt up then cry about it when we have a dem  preaident.  in the puke world up is down   square is round   lies are truth . pukes are good for kicking the poor and stealing  from the middle class . and the have the harts of fools  leave distruction where ever they go',1
'at least not by themselves.  not fooled.  um i don\'t care what people\'s sexual prefferences are but don\'t say include abortion in areas where they don\'t apply.  you just lost the battle on that one.',1
'i hate when i have to spell things out for people who can\'t read between the lines. what that means, acrajun, is that if we all go around peeing and defecating in public, that we\'re no better than the animals in the jungle. the pea-brain mother in this article didn\'t think to put a damn diaper on her kid when out in public so maybe in this case, we\'re already dealing with an animal with a painfully low i.q.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'labs are truly the best, as you can tell from my name......',1
'"the choice is clear, if you want to stay in poverty and pass it on to your children, then vote for odumbo. if you want a job and become a responsible taxpaying proud american, then vote for romney."     nice post crazy... but it reads as if america had better vote for romney if it wants jobs. that pretty much smacks of treason. the reason why romney isn\'t winning is because most people believe there is an underlying plot for this prolonged depression that only impacts middle aged middle class with competent skill sets. 8 out 10 want super pacs eliminated and caps on contributions. 6 of 10 want a retraction of the supreme court\'s position on entities being involved in campaigns. a reminder that in 2008... 84% of the unemployed had been heads of households with career positions. since then, the successors in those roles have performed poorly and we are very imperiled. that has nothing to do with the president, it\'s a direct reflection on business managers- who are mainly republicans and pac contributors.',1
'i don\'t see the weeds, but when i see the comment, i want to see this film. i like the weeds too.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'get you head out of the sand. vote, make sure your friends vote. get rid of obama anti=american government.',1
'the world is on fire with anti american violence and murders and this dangerous obama lap dog media ~ is moving heaven and earth to cover for obama.     this story is nothing more than another disgraceful dishonest attempt by the corupt establishment media to divert attention.      so of course we get this bs story (to keep americans pitted against each other)  its the obama democrat platform............  ​ ...      republicans suck  & obama is santa  vote for me and you\'ll get it free ~',1
'i\'ve been to europe 12 times. not so common, but public restrooms in thailand are in the open.',1
'oh man...i knew it!  she is been doing the graveyard shift and romney turned her down.... don\'t blame him..',1
'yes me, what ever i did i didn\'t do it',1
'i thought i was the only person that could say, "never watched any of them".  pull the reality shows as well.',1
'knew a neighbor one time that was accussed of stealing cash from a restaurant  at which she was a waitress.  she worked there part time 4 or 5 times a week.  the customers each paid their bill directly to their waitress.  all the waitresses worked one common cash register.  at the end of a busy saturday just over $1,000.00 was missing from the cash register.  the owner accussed my neighbor of taking the money ever though there was no proof who had taken the money.  she was accussed because she was the newest and the owners logic was that since noone had stolen money in the past, she must be the guilty one.  he called the police and pressed charges against her.  she had to hire an attorney, prepare her defense, take out a second mortgage on her home.  over a year later when she went to trial she was found not gulty.  however as a result of the trial she owed so much money she and her husband had to declare bankruptcy.  the family had three kids who also suffered.  advise:  never work a job that has more than one person with access to a cash box.',1
'you don\'t want to hear my dreams and you sure don\'t want to see them.',1
'nobody running and hiding; bring it on tenth degree, black boy isn\'t running....paraphras  ​ ing/quoting g. w.  bush, me and you only!  no hoods....',1
'i believe that 10 percent of the population is gay.  therefore, you would expect the majority - by number - of molestations to come from heterosexuals.  you need to look at the number as a percentage, therefore.  anyone posting ever taken any math?',1
'my rate on $50k income somehow is much higher -- i rent and my children are grown -- no deductions.  only my 401k, how much do you think i can afford to put in during a year.  sales tax on everything i spend (8%) in my community.  if i lived in the exclusive neighborhood a mile away i would be in the country and local sales tax would go away on big purchases (like a car). and i am  no where near capping out on medicare and social security (another 8% off the top).  high income people don\'t pay social security withholding after their first hundred k or so. so don\'t just show the highest 20%, show they people who are in the top 5% -- then the people around the top 25% could see the unfairness.  they are still paying payroll tax, tax on income rather than investments, and hoping never to lose their home deduction.the top movers and shakers are paid differently-- they are paid (stock options, perks, etc.) with minimal amount into payroll taxes which is a huge tax on my income.  this whole post shows you are trying to be disingenuous-  there is still a huge difference between the person at the top20% and their obligations and advantages and the top 2%.',1
'hold up there, man, don\'t you be dissin\' either my barney fife or my lizzie velazquez.  they are both sacred.',1
'then there was the story about an entire country with people drowning in debt and in dire need of healthcare...  some suggest the way to help is to do what the good captain of this ship did...  i say they\'re wrong.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'point! "spirits in the sky".',1
'again, the few pushing the many     sorry ..but if jr. can\'t handle peanuts then keep him out of the cafeteria where the rest   of the majority can have their low budget lunch.     sick of the minority rule in america',1
'from someone who has spent months in hospital, i must say that is one of the most saddest, disgusting and unprofessional comments i have ever heard a nurse say, and i have heard them say quite a bit. you seem to take human life a bit too flippantly to be responsible for it. i pray to god you don\'t work at cleveland clinic.',0
'give them an inch and they will take a mile',1
'looks like the child in the back could use some lessons in how to ride or instruction on how to behave while your mom is trying to make a point.  perhaps her mom screaming "pump, mary, pump!" makes her not want to sit on her seat correctly.  those pics don\'t really sell it for me.',1
'you\'ll never be able to tax the sin income from, gambling, prostitution, and drugs,   and other undergrround enterprises with some sort of income tax.  they still won\'t be   foolish enough to report it as income.         the fair tax, a consupmtion tax, with a prebate taxes the money when it is spend rather than as income.  guess what these people do with thier money after they   make it, they spend it.  they don\'t and never will report it as income.',1
'an suv is safer for your kids.',1
'no representation, without taxation!      a flat tax would give everyone an equal stake in our country. and it would take away all the loopholes lawmakers give themselves and their friends.',1
'my older daughter totally agrees with you..:)',1
'from the looks of this guy, i would not leave him alone with my dog!',1
'welcome to reality lets wrap things up, sorry to burst your bubble, but it\'s black and white fact that can be easily verified, just look at all the non stop pro gay stories msn keeps running.  you can\'t debate black and white facts bud.  what is so sick about it, is that it means msn supports the gay pedophile catholic priests, and losers like the gay pedophile jerry sandusky, why is msn so idiotic to think that people will every support that????',0
'no. but i would buy the maxwell smart agent 86 shoe phone !!',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'god said to multiply that means keep the debt piling up and the free health care and welfare going up too! lmao. did god say let people get hand me outs without earning it and expect someone else to pay for it untill the country finally screwed up and got taken over by foreigners?',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'a president has to be the president of all the united states, not just the president of the wealthy areas of the country.    even in more expensive areas of the country, $200k to $250k household income would be considered upper middle class, and in less expensive areas you could consider that wealthy.    household incomes over $250k are part of the top 3% of the wealthy in the us.',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'an incorrect vote is when you vote for the wrong person because the information you used to make the decision was incorrect or your understanding of the issues is swayed by media bias etc.      it\'s always correct to vote.',1
'i couldn\'t have said it better. you have said everything that i would have. good job.',1
'absolutely. they are just as low as sex offenders and many times more dangerous. animal abusers also turn into human abusers and murderers. if you strictly consider what they are capable of doing when they "graduate" from animal abuse to human abuse, then you want this registry. i personally find anyone who abuses any living thing repulsive and disgusting. i would like to see all of them put in jail and throw away the key.',1
'if bill wasn\'t getting **** s, maybe we wouldn\'t be where we are now. too bad bin wasn\'t giving **** s. maybe bill would have paid attention to him.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i thought about that, too, but keeping everyone together is a priority, i would think.  when my kids were little, i would walk while they rode but when i rode, they could not quite keep up.  i ride a greenway here now and the children, even though they "know the rules", weave, stop in awkward places, cut across against their parents orders and generally put themselves in danger with oncoming cyclists.  hopefully one day they will graduate to independent riding.',1
'what does this have to do with the question?',1
'this is a superficial article designed to make us feel good-either that or is written of complete ignorance. this article fully discounts the effects of federal sales and use taxes that all of us pay; gasoline, road, etc. this is a real tax on our income. this article does not even start to address the additional taxation of state, local and property taxes. that 12% (like the real unemployment numbers) is far more insidious and depleting than this article would sucker you into belief.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'i wish i could pay more. i\'m sure the government has lots of things they would like to piss money away on, if they just had a little more!',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'by your name i am guessing you\'d love trickle down economics. trickle down from the extremely wealthy to the very wealthy. sometimes is not about fairness. meaning that the everyone pay the same %. does it make sense to take 40% from the poor to turn around and have the government give them foodstamps because they can no longer afford? maybe that will be good because it would create more governement jobs. or wait you want less government?    repulicans are full of contradictions, anti-abortion but then wont help pay to keep the kid fed or educated, until they can go to the military for their 4 years but after that we wont care about them.    taxes suck, but without them go live in costa rica, where no taxes and pure capitalism takes place, and tell me what you think of that dump',1
'if you\'re suggesting that a large number of 1% earners are criminals you are sadly mistaken they shelter their money for a number of reasons for example the death tax that can take up to 50% of their accumulated wealth. even after paying the required taxes on that income another is to protect it from frivolous lawsuits.',1
'this only proves the old adage :where there is a will, there is a way?" good for you mom, teaches your kids teh values instilled in us older people by our parents long ago, if you want osmething abd enough you can make it happen. kudos and roses to you!',1
'that has to be the most stupid looking chit i\'ve ever seen. when all that stuff rots off because of all the injections having been shot right into the muscle, he\'s gonna be one sad dude.',1
'@cupcake - i know you weren\'t; you\'re one of the ones who can reason.',1
'i see a lot of comments telling parents to "grow up," but my initial thought was of school shootings/ i think it\'s best to leave "prey and predator" day out lest some kid get a different idea. jmo.',1
'steve, it is you who is out of touch.  $250k for a family of four, in many parts of the country, is middle class while that same income in tyler texas puts you in the 1%.  the answer here is "it depends" and you should know that and report the facts.  the fact that most of the $250k wage earners are not in places like tyler is no accident and a $250k income in manhattan does not make you upper crust by a long shot.',1
'i\'d try to secretly record office gossip or something.....and then lock it into the intercom.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'sweepstakes ended on 9/11/12: they only gave away 20 copies of the book and opened the sweepstakes in august. too bad i just found out about it now! though i love the show, i\'m not sure that i would actually buy the book.',1
'i think she\'s great, but about half those kids need to be riding their own bikes and maybe toting a couple of those kids for her. looks like a nice close knit family, but not creating responsibility in the older kids.',1
'so how pray tell did the times get to "review" those 1600 confidential files?  they don\'t tell you that.  in fact, in this small article they don\'t tell you much of anything.  but so many have drawn their own sick and twisted conclusions.  this sounds like a snow job to me!',1
'can we all agree that taking something you didn\'t pay for is stealing?  very well.  we all take many benefits from being members of a society.  every herd, flock, school, pride, pod, hive, pack, & tribe is aware of the security in numbers on some level.  in addition, humans get police & fire protection, education for our children, national defense, & so on.  now i certainly have no objection to paying for my share.  it\'s like paying your insurance premiums.  however, some have taken benefits far in excess of the basics.  they\'ve managed to manipulate society into providing them with immense power.  economic power seems to be prevalent in the u.s., but there are other power bases like force & influence.  when a society allows someone that degree of power, that person owes that society a comensurate debt.  they owe their fare share to you & me.  those who refuse to share inevitably create a minority rule government.  whether communist, fascist, theocracy, or capitalist, injustice & tyranny happen.  the only solution, we know of, is to make those who would wield such power answerab',1
'thank for the post its very well written and helps explain in a way most people can understand. i disagree with your assertion that the payroll tax is a tax on you if i didn\'t have to pay that tax i would reinvest that additional money on better equipment and additional employ\'s. to be fair you could have split the difference  raising your tax to 21%.',1
'you\'re just making crap up based on a picture of only part of obama\'s face, whereas he\'s looking down at medal he is putting around bob dylans neck so you can\'t even see his eyes. perhaps you should think about what you\'re implying before posting crap like this.',1
'you got a point kc.  if a man rapes a boy that does make him homosexual and a pedophile.',1
'i don\'t pluck anything! i\'m a mother of four and don\'t have time for all that complicated stuff. i arch my eyebrows with a razor blade and shave where it counts. i think i even do good to get a bath in with all the activity that goes on in my house. that is good enough for me and i don\'t get any complaints from my hubby either.',1
'people dont follow the rules and complain when stuff like this happens.  i am sure if the tables were turned and her kid was allergic to peanuts she would want to sandwich confiscated too.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'nancy you started the problem ,   you should also be gone',1
'fall is a dirty four letter word.  fall is the doorway to winter.  f fall and f winter.  lets return to summer',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'i had a nice man (fernandez) knock on my door last week and ask if he and his crew can re-coat my driveway.  the bill: $450.  i asked him for his business card and i wrote the check in the business name.  i handed him the check - he said he wanted the check in his personal name.  i said your running a business, the check is written out in the business name.  i had a conversation with him and mentioned that if obama wants to tax me (even more) and my wife because we make just over $250,000 a year, i will look at ways to cut my expenditures (e.g., driveway re-coating).  he became very aware of the fact that his business may be indirectly impacted by this idea of taxing earners who make $250,000+.  i told him how much taxes my wife and i paid in last year ..... he got it.  he understood.  i told him that socialism doesn\'t work: eventually you run out of other people\'s money (m. t.).  the light bulb came on.  he realized he and his wife\'s business depends on people like my wife and i to keep their business in operation.',1
'the democrat controlled senate has not passed a budget in three years.  you want an audit and we can\'t even get a budget. for every dollar the federal goverment spends, 40 cents is either borrowed or printed. how about a balanced budget, for real. president obama says he wants to use all the money we\'ll say from ending the wars to build infrastructure. trouble is its all borrowed money. most infrastructure, healthcare, free college,police, fire, etc., all things the federal government should have no involvement in.',1
'this is one of the big jokes of the world.  they are not asking  \'" how much tax you pay" they are asking "what percentage do you pay".  one person pays $ 250,000.00 taxes the next pays $ 2.00 in taxes.  they say the person paying $ 250,000.00 is not paying their fair share.  give me a break, they don\'t want a fair share, they should be honest, they just want them to pay more!!!!',1
'they\'re banning the wrong nuts.',1
'that fat pig,  karen lewis, looks like a cow. she needs more money to eat! i wonder who ties her shoes for her and wash\'s her ssa! what a stinker! i bet her dog runs from her! float her down the chicago river. more money in this economy. use her for chum. most of these teachers can\'t count to ten. fire them all, dirty bass turds!',1
'shutup u do not disrespect me and my school',1
'premium gas:  you will see poor performance if you haven\'t tuned your car for premium gas! the car will run the way it had been originally tuned for lower octane, but when you add more octane it doesn\'t know how to use it and it won\'t fire efficiently to take advantage of the higher octane. when tuned properly for higher octane the car would use less gas because the gas is more \'potent\'. which is why some high performance cars the manual says to use high octane- anything less can cause damage!  but his car wasn\'t tuned, and so it ran it like normal and wasted more octane, 1mpg is easily driver variance, and may have noticed more pop and gunned it more without realizing it for a mere 1mpg).     changing octane from 87/89 to 91+ you need to tune it (not hard with electronic tuners) to see the results!',1
'a guy asked me one time if my wife is a "nagger"... i said no, she\'s a white woman.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'the cub acts like my dog did when she was teething',1
'robme paid 14% on 21.7 million. if you want to start bitchin about tax rates that\'s the place to start!',1
'he should be fired immediately...the principal does not own the school and it appears to be a public institution',1
'this former scout says, shut \'em down. start something new that includes gay children, not pedophiles.',1
'puck you.',1
'it\'s not my fault that people buy the altima. i would never consider an altima for purchase either nor the camry or sonata.',1
'yes it\'s nuts. the child with the allergies should be taught what he can and can\'t eat. we can\'t start telling people what to eat and what not to eat because somebody else can\'t eat it. i think alot of kids are allergic to perfume, but you don\'t see them banning perfume at schools. alot of kids are allergic to eggs and egg products, haven\'t heard that ban yet. my nephew is one of those kids and we wouldn\'t think of asking the school to ban eggs, because we have taught him what he can and can\'t eat.',1
'let\'s say warren earns 10 million a year his tax is 1.1million  everyday joes making 150k their tax is $22,575.00....clearl  ​ y warren pays more!  what i don\'t understand is the lack of outrage towards our governments lack of control on spending. not to mention warrens corporation taxes that are paid... how much more does the government need?   if there was more job creation there would be a savings in government payouts and more collection of taxes...   we have to stop this class warfare...',1
'== love me love my color.{=just bing or google====’interraci  ​ al*f_i_s_h_’e’_s*-==  ​ }here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'my grandson told me on a recent campout of two 13 yr old boys to a tent,  the scouts in other tents heard a boy trying to molest another boy in his tent while sleeping. i realize this is the puberty age but i think there should be more protection for the victim then yelling for help!',1
'bladz is right, while your waiting for the wash, fix me a sandwich.  ham on toasted whole wheat with lettuce, tomatoe, & just a touch of mayo.  don\'t forget my coke!  and no starch!',1
'i really hope he is found safe. he\'s such a talented singer. please come back, robbie.',1
'those who judge others are uglier on the inside,than she is ugly in appearance.',1
'way too long of a post.  my eyes were rolling from the start.  keep it pithy.',1
'how to solve the retirement problem?  make the retirement age so high nobody gets to retire!  problem solved!  now we don\'t have to pay that ss money back!',1
'i just want to know, did the school replace the sandwich with something else, or did they make the poor kid go without lunch? the school is obviously so affaid of our "sue everyone, for anything"  country, that they have come up with all these stupid rules that cater to paranoia and political correctiveness..... "oh we can\'t allow that, it will offend someone, we could get sued." this country is turning into a joke. and as for food allergies, why not keep epi-pens where the teachers can get to them (and educate them how to use them, obviously) "just in case"....and let the kid have his sandwich.',1
'so is my first dog and i still miss him but i don\'t blame msn for his passing. i got a new rescue dog almost 4 years ago and love her dearly. get a new dog instead of blaming a corporation for something natural as the passing of an animal.',1
'don\'t forget arkansas!  beautiful ride on the pig trail in the ozark mountains.  my husband and i went there a few years ago.      pig trail scenic byway  boston mountains, ozark mountains     the rugged and forested boston mountains region of the ozark mountains provides the setting for this route, which often runs through a tunnel of foliage during spring, summer and fall. spring wildflowers and brilliant autumn foliage make the route especially popular during those seasons. the route crosses the and the 165-mile .   route: ark. 23 from the south boundary of the to its intersection with ark. 16 at brashears.   length: 19 miles.',1
'wow! thats quite a strech to tie "predadator and prey" day to school shooting. you must be a liberal.',1
'poor adolf, maybe he needs to be pissed on again!',1
'great weather here, love this time of year.  good ole camping weather',1
'do you think the strike has been worth it? yes; the number of young men killed in chicago has dropped since the teacher strike....',1
'i would suggest people with peanut allergies be offered another room to eat.  there would only be one or two so it would not take a large facility.  the vast majority should be allowed to bring their peanut butter and eat it, it is good for kids and some, like our little grand daughter only wants p.b.j.\'s in her lunch but the school has no policy on peanut butter which i guess that in itself begs the question why do a few schools have this policy and the vast majority don\'t but they have no problems?  maybe a school board got involved in it and some of the wildest $hit you ever heard of comes out of school board meetings.',1
'obama hates whites.',1
'blame bush!! everyone else doe`s',1
'no.    1. how can you survive 15 weeks without food & water?    2. how would a shark \'know\' to \'bump\' you in the direction of another boat to \'save you\'?   3. since when doesn\'t a shark take the chance to \'feed\' when it has one?   4. a cigarette? how is he going to \'smoke a cigarette\' when he is so dehydrated?   5. this just sounds like bs!',1
'we the people of america have the right to question where our tax dollars are and what are they using these dollars for.  we also have the right for proof to ask for a audit.     your taxes should be use to better your lives.. repair of infrastructures, health care, free college education, police, firefighters etc... anything that will make your life easier and give you safety nets.    instead, your taxes are feeding republican\'s insane military machine that does nothing to better your lives !     now wonder why so many of you don\'t want to pay more ! here is the answeer.',1
'part of what separates us humans from the rest of the animal kindgom is a conscious and the ability to discern between wrong and right. if we\'re just going to behave like wild animals, then we\'re no better than dogs ourselves.',1
'are you kidding me ? america has lost it\'s ever loving mind. we will argue, debate and bitch about anything. seriously, how have we become so petty about some of the most rediculas things ?     our local, state and federal goverment insist on having total controll over every aspect of our lives - the last time i checked (which is everytime i see,read or listen to something about another "freedom" being encroached upon) this is still america, land of the free and home of the brave. i am so sick and tired of law enforcement officers and most goverment officials imposing their personal beliefs of whats right and wrong,      we have become a nation of whiners & cry babies - "i don\'t like that so i\'m going to sue you or pass a law to prohibit you from doing that again", " i want everyone to be forced into believing the way i do, i am going to make a special int',1
'great smokey mtns. in far eastern tn & western nc are not to be missed.  all along the winding tn river, it is absolutely stunnig through first part of october.',1
'there is no such thing as too many write-offs.  businesses are the engine that drives the economy, let them be profitable and they will grow.      i\'ve never understood why people are so hell bent on taking money from certain groups.      even if businesses don\'t pay a high income tax rate, you need to understand how much other tax revenue is generated by that business.',1
'how come msn  any has anything about mo. on it missouri is just as good or better then some of the other crap they say top10   do they that missouri part of the usa  i know we have better looking places then they r showing whaqt u all boycoting us',1
'if you look at this here rat rod. you can see it wont pass state inspection despite still being stronger and safter then a new car...lmao.. so this is a joke. if you cant pass a car then a bike should also have state limitations. were not in holland though? this isnt europe with small everything this is the united states of america with no tonka toys or matchboxe\'s',1
'he should be fired !!!! people, especially in this country, should not be in fear of retaliation for being who they are.they are there to learn a trade to become productive citizens. their sexual preference is not his business or anyone elses.',1
'nothing is invincible so i\'m not worried. they\'ll probably find a cure someday.',1
'burn fat not fuel.',1
'you must be on welfare',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'is this about the color of homes or the leaves????',1
'pedophiles/homosexua  ​ ls  tomato/tomahto.       the queer society should be glad the scouts didn\'t go public with all these criminals, how would that look?',1
'someone who got a different job? not everyone who quits doesn\'t have another job already lined up.',1
'yet he still made money!   i have never complained about romney on how much money he paid in taxes.  my complaint is why is he keeping money that he has hidden in over seas accounts  when he could have invested it here in the united states which would have created a few more jobs.  is this his plan to get america working again.  i really don\'t think so. i won\'t vote for him.  don\'t do the talk if you don\'t do the walk. then expect me to vote for you.  going to war doesn\'t create new jobs.  i wonder if he paid his ties to his church from these hidden accounts.  those church records are the ones i would like to see. and how much does he make from the church.',1
'hey understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.                 ',0
'frisbee',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'haha **** ya',1
'$76,000 a year and they are complaining?  they get every weekend and holiday off.  they get 2 weeks at christmas, a week for spring break, snow days, and 2 1/2 months of the summer off.  if anything they are overpaid.',1
'i believe your christ would be embarassed by you, sir or ma\'am.  i remember that he associated with lepers and adulterers and even tax men and said \'let he who is without sin cast the first stone.\'.  you know what?  he was the only one qualified to throw that stone and he chose not to.  try living like him instead of spewing bile at anyone who doesn\'t see things your way.  you\'ll have a lot better luck convincing people that you are a christian instead of just a hateful, attention seeking, self-righteous individual using his name.',1
'that thing is soo cute...........for now.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i* love the way anyone talking about the subject uses such large percentages of return which is crazy for most people.  let\'s get realistic and used the puny percentage returns that most people get in their investments and then the story becomes more credible.  it\'s like saying if your income was a million a year, you\'d make more after 30 years than if you made half a million.  that might be extreme, but i wish articles would make more reasonable comparisons with what exists in the real world for most investors and not those who do it for a living.  what percentage of the population do you think make 7% on their investments, really.',1
'don\'t forget the liberals as well',1
'god bless yourall.she is the great mum.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'floatting that is a lie.  the only candidate proposing to raise taxes in obama, and that is only on those earning 250,000 or more, and that is only from 35% to 39.6%.     neither candidate is proposing more defense spending, although obama has increased defense spending every year in office.     you can verify either of these facts via wikipedi,     obama\'s policies have crippled the recovery.  however, since 2010 he can do no more damage, the economy is recovering.',1
'as a mom of twins who are having trouble with the whole potty training concept, yes, let them do it! as parents we should try to be as discreet as possible and remind our children that this is an emergency and that they should do their best to find a bathroom each time they have to "go".',1
'all it takes is one stupid parent to ruin the whole bunch.',1
'this is just nuts .....',1
'reagan911, just admit you don\'t give a damn about the economy or what\'s going on in the world. all you care about is which party is in the the white house. this two party system is killing our country because people, regardless of party, will say anything to get elected to the highest office of this country. it\'s a dog eat dog world out there and no one is looking out for you. don\'t be fooled and blinded by your faith in one party.',1
'how else can the kid learn to write? by writing his name in cursif in the snow.',1
'southeast oklahoma\'s talimina national senic byway was the first road built in the us strictly for senic beauty during president kennedy\'s term.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'wow nobodys blameing bush!!! well i  blame bush as everybody else does!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'hey "fairtaxpls," how you think it is "fair" that one person pays 3 times more than another is astounding.  "fair" is everyone pays the same percentage, or tax rate.  when obama talks about everyone paying their "fair share" it is total b.s. people who make more are already paying more than their fair share.',1
'warren buffet does donate alot to charity. he also invest in companies in the stock market who have potential instead of most investors who are looking to make quick cash.',1
'large companies get too many right-offs.why didn\'t obama fix that law??????all r & d right-offs. shouldn\'t there be a percent limit?? government r & r right-offs should not be limitless.if government wants to tax the higher bracket people, make the amount $1,000,000.00 after right-offs.',1
'the last line in this article states, " people ae really embracing ( working later in life ) becasue it is about fulfillment " now look at the picture of the man at the top of the article. oh, he really looks fulfilled doesn\'t he. what a crock. people work all thier lives so they can enjoy their retirement by doing things that were not able to do during their work life. now, and i do agree that people are going to have work longer because i am one of them, and that we accept it because it is a fact of life. don\'t pea on my leg and tell me it is raining. we are going to work later in life becasue we have to eat and pay electric and gas and ........ fullfilment my a--. \' "people are embracing( working later in life) because it is about survival.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'jim i admit i underestimated when i said your life must have been rough. if you don\'t believe that those two planes flown into the wtc were the cause then your life wasn\'t just  rough - it\'s material for springers show',1
'the fact thay tarpaper and jbird are both black should explain their fantasy',1
'@va cutting off funding to terrorists sounds good to me, i wasn\'t suggesting the bible would help anyone understand al qaeda either.',1
'a ban on peanut products, which can be deadly to those allergic to them, causes no deprivation to the other children.  if a child must have a pbj sandwich, it can be made and eaten at home where there\'s no chance of causing an allergic reaction which may result in death of another child.  be sensible, people, and have some compassion and understanding.',1
'someone else,     please give me a name of a scientist who believes that, one that isn\'t an apolgist for the creationist viewpoint, so i can be enlightened?',1
'how do you "de-regulate" mortgage servicers? fannie, freddie, sallie and ginnie mae are not banks. the "dems" weren\'t lenders but the lenders in banks are republicans by pac donations. the "cause" of the housing crisis was banks pulling credit facilities of mortgage lenders and buying the pieces of that industry sector for pennies. that same year came the gramm leach bliley act (de-regulation of banks and legalized collusion in the financial sector) as well as mark to market credit facilitation invented by goldman sachs and derivatives credit funding by jp morgan chase. that makes the housing crisis crafted and controlled by republicans.',1
'@duca....some people will just never get it. let them eat cake.',1
'so the truth in this article is the dems are purporting the country\'s problems are all the fact the rich don\'t pay enough tax is just  a re-election campaign tactic.    from what i see here they pay more than their share.    as for what mr buffet pays he has an army of tax lawyers at his disposaland i\'m sure everything he pays or deduct is probably legal so that tells me our tax laws are the problem. look at what ge paid in taxes last year, $0. all perfectly legal!!!    this is why in many ways the flat tax approach is not all bad.',1
'jack is the man!!!!!!  dogs sense of smell will keep them going!',1
'f #$% the irs they are rude anyway.',1
'and just how many trials have there been where straight men or women have forced themselves on little boys bet you it out numbers the ones by gays if there even is any being that you don\'t indicate where you\'re getting your knowledge from. my knowledge is just common sense',1
'and the answer is...yes.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'people realize that all they have to is complain and they will get their way. this country will never be the same again.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'so you are saying that conservatives like porn and liberals are gay?  ok  just to let you know, i don\'t like porn but i vote conservative.',1
'change 1013 to 1913................  ​ sheesh.............',1
'thank you.',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'so let me get this straight.  obama made twice as much as paul ryan but only paid .5% more in taxes?  thats not fair at all!  obama is rich and only pays 20.5%?  i pay more than that and i make less than 60k a year!  obama needs to stop taking deductions and finding loopholes, and start paying his fair share',1
'knovs, right on.  i was a scout when i was a kid, and i didn\'t see any riff raff.  sure it existed, but not like today.  society, as it leans left, might be asking for what it gets.',1
'so, if you want to do better, try getting off you  **** an working at it.  i know it\'s a crazy idea to work for a living, but, hey, a whole bunch of foreigners seem to be able to do it. we are always hearing how this guy or that gal makes millions after they get here. they can, but you want a hand out? no wonder your broke. and buffets 11% tax amounts to $3,360,000,000 billion dollars for that year paid in federal taxes. funny who that looks in numbers other than misleading percentages. especially when your real tax rate is like 4 or 5%.',1
'i hate to clue you but the vast majority of child abuse predators are married men with children.  being gay does not make a person a child molester.  both gays and straights have people in their ranks that are sick and need to be kept away from children. so excuding gays does not do anything to stop this from happening.  what does is making sure that the boys are always in a group and never one on one with a mature man.',1
'correct me if i\'m wrong, but ss and mc taxes are not paid on investment income which is what   many of the ultra rich such as buffet and romey are..  my effective tax rate is about 15%.  my agi   was about $ 111,000.  i paid ss and mc tax on about $ 80,000 of that.  with the lower ss rate   this year that would be around $ 4,600.       my tax was around $ 16,400.  add thr $4,600 to that and it goes to $ 21,000.       that makes my effective tax rate aout 19%.       then there is another hidden tax for those of us that work for a living.  it is the other  ',1
'i\'m getting close to the time to leave and i have thought about writing and sending an email letting some know how i feel.  but, i\'ve noticed the last couple of years as others have retired some leave an email to all thinking the many friends and all they have made and all big one family \'crap\'.  some write and say to some who i befriended and to my other work associates (which i find more truthful as some our or maybe friends while most are just people at work).  i think the loudest email though is none at all.  i noticed a few people have never even mentioned retiring.  they come in and work that last day and never say a word they just don\'t come back and that is after over 30 years working in this place.  they contact personnel i guess for their benefits after they work their last shift.  thats a loud statement.  just think i\'ve worked for you ###### for over 30 years and with you ###### and here is what i really think of you,  nothing, just an efing job.  i think this is the route i will take.  because if i wrote one and sent it to everyone there is really only a few i respect and like and i really don\'t want to tell them all to kiss my a$$.',1
'don\'t forget taxes on cable tv, internet, phone, cell phone, hotel tax and i could go on and on. good point.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'look at that picture, do you really want that gay pedophile with your kids?????    this story at least does one good thing for our world, now when they try to tell the lie that homosexual pedophiles are a sin that doesn\'t hurt anybody, you can look the gay person straight in the eye and say no i\'m sorry but you are full of crap, just look at all the innocent kids that are damaged for life by homosexual pedophiles, i will never again believe the lie that the evil sin of homosexuality is a victimless sin!!!  when you support homosexuality you are also supporting the homosexual pedophiles who hurt little kids, maybe it\'s just time we say no to all sin that hurts the kids!!!   think about it.  catholic priests = homosexual pedophiles, jerry sandusky = homosexual pedophile, maybe it\'s about time we say yes to our almighty god, and no to homosexuality once and for all!!',0
'scugilli,       that argument is a total canard.  you can also walk across the street and get hit by a car.  you can\'t work you lose all your income.  or get hurt at work, and lose all your income.  get cancer, lose all your income.  family member gets severly ill and you have to take care of them, lose all your income.  piss off the boss, fired, lose all your income.  meanwhile if you \'invest\' that money you don\'t have to worry about any of those \'risks\'.  then we get to business owners, they can \'lose it all\' too trying to start a business trying to make a product or provider a service to people.       both wage workers and investors have risks.  an investor is not special nor is he any better then anyone else.  he should be taxed at exactly the same rate as the rest of us plebeians.  just because an individual has some measure of succes',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'on the toilet, where else ! ! !  get a fu*king life, it\'s all mindless bullsh*t ! ! !',0
'so if one kid is allergic to peanut products all the rest are denied.  sounds like your typical over-reaction that occurs in america today.',1
'thanks for the update re: wussy.  btw, i see i was once again "cross eyed" with fatigue, so i have at least a post or two to edit.',1
'romney "started fires in the middle east"??? if anyone agreed with that statement they\'d both be wrong... dead wrong!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'you mean varmints? lol lol lol',1
'i think these people need to get out of the 17th century and realize that (1) the only real \'pure\' races still left in the world are a few amazon and african tribes and the inupiut tribes of alaska and (2) they are never going to make things the way they want them.  they need to open their eyes and stop listening to the drivel their leaders spew and use their heads for something other than a hat rack.',1
'the cherohala parkway  is a fantastic drive without a doubt, but the blue ridge parkway and shenandoah skyline drive are two of the most beautiful roadways ever built in the usa they were designed and built for one purpose, to display.  the natural beauty of the appalachians and they do a fantastic job.. the trip from front royal virginia along the shenandoah skyway and the blue ridge parkway to cherokee north carolina is around 570 miles of the most beautiful portions of the prettiest mountain scenery in the  appalachian mountains.. it\'s unbelievable that msn left them out .',1
'the lineman who carried him over should have done a dance and spiked him, too!',1
'a million moms think this way? ladies please don\'t be so stupid. we are not amused.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!                      ',0
'i\'m sure you are a very fine den mother and would do none of the things these men have done nor tolerate it... and that you believe what you are saying about the others. but you have not addressed my issue.  the broader issue of this disgusting behavior and why it is being convered up.',1
'wiener in public nudity scandal ?  lmfao !!!        i betcha wiener is jewish too...',1
'insurance companies not on this list????  why not???',1
'and if you doubt that math, just look at what massive job termination by hired-in big business executives who contribute substantially to romney through super pacs, has done to cities and families nationwide.',1
'i would have me a lawyer and teach somebody to check the facts before running their mouth.',1
'i enjoy watching a good hardcore plucking with a money shot at the end!',1
'this is absolutel',1
'do they think the kids with allergies live in a bubble once they leave the school grounds??? i would suspect that even a first grader that has a peanut allergy would know enough not to take a bite of someone else\'s p&j sandwich. unlike the idiotic administrators.....b  ​ ut, it is the home state of hillary and bill so i guess you have to take that into account.',1
'absolutely ridiculus....if your kid has a nut allergy it\'s up to the parent to know this, i\'m sure this kids mom would not be giving him a pb & j if he had nut allergy, since when do we need our schools to ban what the parents give them for lunch..this control thing that government and schools think they have  has got out of control now !...',1
'trying to figure out a way to post your spam here again without it being reported? good luck with that mikey. man, msn must have made it very clear to you that they would no longer tolerate your spam... good, and thanks for that info! lol, thugs drool.',1
'thumbs apparently can not figure out how to read a political polling map.',1
'lol army pog',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'every time i see these hacks, it just reminds me of bad 80s dance-pop. i really didn\'t want to live through this crap again...',1
'i think hes the principal he can run his school how he wants, i personally have no problem with gay people as long as i do not get hit on by a lesbian woman, i do not support gay people but, i see them as people just as everyone else. i am a christian, and i have to say to those other christians, before you see them as the root of all evil, concider this, god said to love your neighbor as yourself, gay people are no different, yes god said "a man shall not lie down with another man" but you still have to treat them like people not the scum of the earth, and also, what if satan is the one who made some of them gay? maybe he went in their mothers womb and changed their accual sex so maybe they really are who they say they are? just a thought, i know some of them choose to be gay, and some i would understand why, because they get fed up with teh opposite sex thinking they are all the same. im not saying all are like this, i know a few gay people and honestly, a gay man is a girls best friend! sorry for the long post i just am sick of people bashing christians, and people bashing gay people, not all christians are strict and think anything out of the ordinary should go to hell, and im ',1
'with the ever widening gap between rich and poor , as the middle class dissapear\'s...i seriously doubt if the wealthy 2% can continue to gamble on the backs of the poor. no middle class means no stock market...welcome to third world united states,best advice you\'ll ever hear....get your money out now before the house of cards collapses!',1
'the cherohala skyway is about 60 miles southwest of the smokies and blue ridge parkway.  i have been through all three and honestly the skyway has the best scenery.  it is just not well known because of its location.',1
'i\'m i my brother\'s keeper? tiger is paying a price for his sins and indiscretions your illustration is a prejudiced one... ms is a doctor\'s feeder desease.',1
'et over birdie .if your that worried send them to public school of homeschool them.put gloves on them.',1
'are we better off.....guess everyone has a story ??  and each individual or a family probably have faired differently for different reasons or planning in their lives...  we cannot look back except in disgust with what happened under the reign of bush...  everyone(many) say it\'s time we quit blaming his administration, "but that is impossible"; our economy was trashed, our surpluses spent, engaged us in to two "un-winable wars", left us hated or despised/disliked by many nations around the globe; feathered the beds,if not the pockets of the rich and elite; left the poor and middle class poorer, the retirees unable to retire. allowed a financial system to run amok until we came to the brink of the worst recession in the last 70 years, bordering on a depression...and changed several laws to eliminate freedoms of our citizens.   and do you really want to go back to possible policies, that may or could repeat the process over again.....or do we move "forward." ??',1
'dumb s-o-a-b',1
'really?! this is such a slippery slope. should we now take into consideration every allergy on the planet and make everything sterile?',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'why all of the hate from you most christians i know believe in loving gay people, god loves gay people maybe this is the first time you have heard that.',1
'about damn time!',1
'i dont reccomend any comments on this page because there all stupid and retarded from hypocrits and hand me out users',1
'my high school coach\'s favorite saying was: "i understand that you can\'t help being dumb; but there\'s no reason to be stupid".',1
'you missed maine and why?  the whole state is a scenic drive in the fall?',1
'add sales tax as a biggie.   but overall, your point is exactly why "liberals" argue for a higher tax rate than current for the wealthy.  the vast majority of the taxes other than federal are regressive-- since those less wealthy spend a far bigger percentage of their income on the basic necessities, rather than investments, they end up paying a much bigger percentage of their income.     more important:  we are in a big debt hole.  more and more of our tax money is just going to interest.  get rid of that debt and there would be a lot more room for discussion on lowering rates.',1
'she only makes a little over 100k',1
'me too.  i\'d like for him to go to the mid-east with an arabic translator so they can enjoy his islamic skits.',1
'awesome ! took it by motorcycle and auto.',1
'wow mavre... that was some load of pickle juice!',1
'neither - it is hard for me to believe that these shows represent the best talent we have. both shows are shams. i would rather watch reruns of romney and ryan comedy hour.',1
'well as i read all the comments makes me wonder if there is so much decent on the tax code why are these folks still in office.  vote them out and replace them with people that will do your bidding.  the revolution only starts with your vote.  crying about it wont change a thing.',1
'you should have said \'what do the few pedifile priests and pedifile scout masters have in common\'. by far there are fewer pedifile priests and scout masters than there are legitimate ones. the pedifiles are, indeed, a pathetic bunch and should be prosecuted to the fullest possible extent of the law, but the legitimate ones are deserving of gratitude for their service performed in good faith.',1
'don\'t think that \'mormons\' do that buddy',1
'i said the 4 speed impala gets 30 mpg and the 300 needs 8 speeds to get 31 mpg.  they are both v-6 engines and both full size cars.       read the last 2 sentences of my initial comment to see that i did in fact make a point comparing apples to apples if you want to use that stupid term.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'man i am so glad capt. chaos is an expert and relegated to articulating so eloquently. piss away my young friend....piss away!',1
'then i\'ll pose a q to the pure straight edge vegan kidz of today.  [edit] none of them have ever come close to being able to give me an a:, cuz they\'re too busy narcotizing themselves with soy milk, slamming, fist fights, and a holier than thou attitude.  this is the q:     who are "you" to define "what is suffering?"  how is "your position" any different than one of an \'ungrounded\' ethical buddism\'? [edit- the point being this- they clearly think animals suffer more than plant life, but how do they arrive at this, imo, premature conclusion.]     it\'s a q one asks and answers "a zillion" times thru the course of a lifetime...     bye till later this evening or even monday on the east coast.',1
'yea and the jerry sandduskys of the world will be camara ready to get a picture of his or her privates jacka$$, dogooders prevent jacka$$',1
'hmmm....i have to believe in terrestrials ...my god is the father, son, and the "holy ghost"...',1
'i hate to say that for the first time, i can understand the school for doing this.  i am against the lunch police in general, against sending a kid home for having a toy army soldier with a gun (little green guys), and outraged at telling the deaf kid he can\'t sign his name because it looks too much like a gun.  but i do know that peanut allergies are not like hay fever, if a kid who is allergic accidentally eats something made from peanuts they can die.  i know my kids do trades at school for different things at lunch.  that would be way to much liability for the school to handle.  for a teenager, they would be old enough not to eat something that "could" have peanuts, but for a first grader, you can\'t expect them to know.  so i kind of understand them doing this.  only this once.  otherwise i pretty much hate everything public schools do so don\'t think i\'m a liberal nut!!!!!!',1
'wtf? where did this even come from?',1
'yes, there is much better fall scenery all across the country if you know where to look.  minnesota looks amazing right now; try the north shore scenic byway along lake superior or any one of a number of senic routes through the bluff-land of eastern mn/western wi along the st. croix river.',1
'jack the blind lab that is truly amazinging i have had pets do some wild things just seeing this makes me so proud of the canine ability you go dogs!!!!',1
'welcome to reality lets wrap things up, sorry to burst your bubble, but it\'s black and white fact that can be easily verified, just look at all the non stop pro gay stories msn keeps running.  you can\'t debate black and white facts bud.  what is so sick about it, is that it means msn supports the gay pedophile catholic priests, and losers like the gay pedophile jerry sandusky, why is msn so idiotic to think that people will every support that????',0
'to hot for me!',1
'personal responsibility. yes, i understand how deadly a peanut allergy can be. my cousin has the same deadly reaction to black walnuts (the dr\'s called it a "20 min allergy" because that\'s how long he\'d live without treatment if exposed). no one dreamed out outlawing black walnuts at his school, instead he was taught to be careful. a ban is simply ridiculous both because it caters to the needs of a few and because even if a child doesn\'t bring peanuts to school, they can still expose another child to it via transfer from home (oil left on homework, little brother/sister wipes pb hands on backpack, etc.). so what then do we ban peanut butter from all homes as well?',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'it\'s difficult to imagine anyone taking what this woman says with any degree of seriousness. that pelosi would refer to the republicans as being "over the edge" comes off as ridiculous when one considers the record of the present occupyer of the white house... given the $16 trillion debt, unemployment above 8% for nearly 4 consecutive years, a foreign policy that has the u.s. wringing its hands as the middle east is literally ablaze with anti-american sentiment and a staggering poverty rate in a nation that was once the beacon of prosperity.     ouite simply, nancy pelosi is the poster girl for fools... too damned stupid to even contemplate putting on a life jacket as the ship of state plunges bow first into the depths of overwhelming debt and failed policies. pelosi, and her like, continue to hold on to failed idealism even in the face of catastrophic reality. it would appear that in this feeble-minded woman\'s brain the business of the american people is nothing more than a game, one that may end in checkmate for t',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'what is miss leading is that the total tax you pay per year is way more. every time you go to the store you pay tax, eat out pay tax, buy gas pay tax, etc, i kept all my receipts one year a few years ago and my total tax on house etc.was over 60% of my pay.what is really stupid is that when you die all the money you have saved is retaxed when it is left to a spouse or child. plus your retirement pay is taxed and 90% of americans when they retire will have to move in with their kids or live in a one room apt. some where. is why i retired to another country, still pay income tax to the usa every month, but not on my home that i own out right here. only pay tax on home once paid off here every 70 years. sad that i can live in this country on $1400 a month and afford to have a cleaning lady, a full time maid and a driver and travel. try that in the usa on $1400 per month.',1
'vermont\'s i-89 is a great drive too!',1
'yep!!',1
'time to re-evaluate what you are hope.  sounds like you are an old school blue dog democrat.  that party quietly died in the 70\'s.',1
'no one has the right to cover up sexual molestation on a minor in any organization in america. btw i\'m a right wing republican and as do im sure the rest of our party wish you to not defend molestation under our name.',1
'on a side note both parties had a fair chance to make it right before our first military involvement over there but the greater sin lies with roosevelt and the french',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'why are they mostly fat women??  what are they teaching kids?  how to be a fatass?  these teachers are all morons - the same idiots teaching all our kids to never use the word "me"   ("they bought the present for tom and i" - duh!!!  for i???)     i wish i could make $72k for eating all day!!!',1
'to many people watch reality tv or other garbage that passes for entertainment and think almost any behavoir is ok because, "others do it".  thankfully the truth is crude crass behavoir is not widespread and for the most part relagated to a minority of trailer trash type individuals.     a child urinating in public makes me wonder why the parent in control isn\'t in control.  why that parent had not monitored how much liquid the child had consumed, when they voided last and planned accordingly.  there are stores, restaurants, gas stations and the like everywhere.  why can\'t the parents of these children pull over, take the child in and have them use a bathroom?  the answer  ranges from laziness, the parent being oblivious to what is going on, poor schedule planning of their day or some other manufactured reason for not doing their job, which is caring for their child.    ',1
'sleep',1
'does anyone here have any idea how much it cost to have 5 or more kids? lmao. it cost a **** load unless your getting obama care which is like what close to free as heck? hmm with all the freebies i wonder who is paying for it oh thats right the people working silly me. the gov. that wants to tax more rich to pay for retarded low class..heres an idea to help the world',1
'it\'s not hard, just fixed.',1
'and no one cares about your stupid dating sites get a life',1
'it is surprising, unless you take into consideration the rectal blockage that was congress and their scare tactics (a fear of change indicative which real men don\'t have) then it becomes clear why obama didn\'t keep his promises.     it\'s hilarious really, they openly and verbally block everything obama tries to do and then throw up a sandscreen to try and cover their tracks.  this is a result of the failure of the school system in that kids no longer have the ambition to read.  t.g. for kindle.',1
'you will be voting your color because of your ingorance. but there are too many educated blacks who care more about the country than you,',1
'mark twain once said " the reason god made man he was disappointed in the monkey !',0
'ha!  there\'s a sucker born everytime apple comes out with a new phone.',1
'the fact that it was concealed proves they know that homosexualality is wrong. i don\'t hate gay people, as some have accused me of. the religions of the world (most) hide their gay people because they know its wrong, governments do the same. i have tolerated homosexual behavior for some sixty years now and would do nothing to harm a gay person, but it is a wrong ,learned behavior that occurs nowhere else in nature and in my opinion is repulsive. my first encounter with this perversion occurred in the boy scouts and i never went camping with them again. before you respond with a hate filled response, consider who is trying to change who.',1
'don\'t even get me started on the "earned income credit" or otherwise known as the biggest money grab from hard-working people and transferred to non-working people. my wife has a worthless oxygen thief of a son who works 10-20 hours a week or whenever he finds it necessary to get a few bucks, yet, when it comes to tax time, he pay zero taxes on the 10-20k he made, but gets back almost 8k, yes, eith thousand dollars, on his return because of this bs earned income credit. well guess what sucker taxpayers, that "credit" is coming right from your pocket right into that worthless a*shat\'s pot pipe. wake up america! hell, why even say that, we are already doomed.',1
'way too much. i do not feel i need to subsidize isreal. they make more money than we do. and i certainly do ot believe we need to aid the waring countries.',1
'truth is the government has made so many laws and loop holes concerning taxes that figuring taxes is next to impossible. the real lie is that anyone deserves or should get a break.  flat tax will work without all the lies of deductions.   once money is taxed it should be safe from taxing a second time.   for one reason or the other this is not the case.  if you work hard and get rich or get ahead enough to make it into the middle class your considered ripe for picking.  as always the poor and welfare recipients live off the others, just a fact of life.  some by necessity have to live that way but many make it a lifestyle choice of living off others.   the big lie is flat tax won’t work.  the problem is with flat tax is that multitudes of civil service personal in the irs would lose jobs.  there would be no need for them, because taxes would be taken out of your paycheck with no additional paperwork.  just think!  you wouldn’t have to file tax returns every year because the government would already have the information in their computers.  thousands of trees would be saved from being sent to paper mills.   all those losers working for the government would have to find real jobs.',1
'apparently that cop has never spent much time with his children oudoors when they were very young.being put in that situation i would love to have seen what he would have done.or would he just have given the responsibility to his wife and looked the other way.!!!!',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'in a perfect world we should all be able to pee where we want,animals do,but somewhere in history someone said,omg,you are not going to pee now,in front of everyone. and there  you are.so we learn what we can and cannot do thanks to those so called dogooders in history....',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes--it\'s very stupid. why don\'t they put the nut allergy kids in a separate room? peanut butter & jelly sandwiches are an inexpensive way to feed kids. do these officials think people can afford substitutes?',1
'complaining about what you would happily do is not hypocritical. there is a large amount of people that use this system to evade paying what the auto mechanic down the street pays in taxes; percentage wise. the problem that exists is those that accumulate such large amounts of wealth can exceed the cost of a lavish life with the dividends of investments alone because of the way the code is written. where is the motivation for those people to act otherwise? that is what mr. buffett is talking about.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'dear by-tor and the snow dog:   are you talking about what is commonly known as "fraud"? it becomes hard to   believe that someone making 10-20k a year could possible receive 8k from the   irs as a "earned income credit." i find no such logic in the tax form described.   even though, i reject any "free taking" regardless of the status of the recipiant,   while i reserve some amount of mercy for the ones who do are deprived of the   basic needs.    in a civilized society there is an ethical way to consider the needs of people: the   ones who have enough are surely not "taking it" because they need it! more yet,   in a real civilized society there would not be poor, honest working people, which  ',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'this show sucks   \\';',1
'in the one year i know about, the saudi royal family made 250 billion off our rigged stock market and comodities exchange while 401ks were tanking. other than bribes for early inside information what tax or fee do they pay?       the emire of kuwait has several hundred billion in our markets. is this why we spend precious lives and billions of dollars defending these absolute dictators?      the capital gains tax where most giant money is made is only 15%. it should be doubled at least. romney an others want to eliminate that tax. makes good sense if you are a wall street billionaire.',1
'while mandy patinkin is a fine, talented actor - no one can take that from him - he is also a bit of a selfish, self-centered child.  it is his history to not want a part after he has gotten it.  he bores easily and doesn\'t care what happens to the rest of the ensemble when he no longer wants to be there. i believe that he is trying to offer excuses for his quick exit from criminal minds.  the visceral foundation of the show was always good vs. evil.  you can not truly show good without showing evil and the evil in this world (and has always been in this world) is visceral.  also, if he can\'t always be the center of attention - scene stealer - then he takes his toys and goes home!  the selfishness of his own personality comes across loud and clear on the screen.  i am sick of his ego and will not watch another show that he is in.   oh, yes, criminal minds has done quite well - even better - since he left.  it is not all about him - and his character - now.',1
'liberals whined about the scouts keeping homos out of their organization, now they whine about the scouts not reporting the ones that lead to the creation of the policy!       scouts have the right to protect its members from the perverts!  here\'s your proof that they exists and have targetted the scouts for accessability to young boys.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'sad story  .. old or fat boys should be arrested',1
'the estimates that peanut allergy is one of the most common causes of food-related death. however, there is an increasing body of medical opinion that, while there definitely are food sensitivities, the dramatic rise in frequency of nut allergies and more particularly the measures taken in response to the threat show elements of , hysterical reactions grossly out of proportion to the level of danger: "dr. christakis points out that about 3.3 million americans are allergic to nuts, and even more — 6.9 million — are allergic to seafood. but of 30 million hospitalizations each year, just 2,000 are due to food allergies, and about 150 people die annually from serious allergic food reactions. that’s the same number of people killed by bee stings and lightning strikes combined. about 10,000 children are hospitalized annually with traumatic brain injuries from sports, 2,000 children drown each year, and about 1,300 die in gun accidents, he writes." media sensationalism has also been blamed.  prevalence among adults and children is similar—around 1%—but at least one study shows it to be on the rise in children',1
'those who have no economic understanding seem to be on the "right".    mitt wants to increase defense spending and cut taxes.... arithmetic.  as bill clinton said.    how do you close the deficit when you propose less money coming in and more money going out?',1
'again it seems that a few are setting the standards and making the rules for the many.  i understand peanut allergy is a serious condition, but those children should be isolated at lunch for their own safety.  after all, it would be easier to relocate a few than many.',1
'fast car, blah blah blah . spoken like a true 12 year old.. i garentee you will live long enough to regret that bs attitude',1
'they should just ban school. problem solved!',1
'i would choose to live in a shanty rather than live in a place like that. it\'s just a bunch of nosy people getting their rocks off by invading the lives of others. i don\'t care if my neighbors dance the lumbada in pink tutus on their roof.  as long as they don\'t invade my perimeter, they\'re good to go.',1
'for the record they change this every year, maybe yours didn\'t get picked this year but next it may or may not. i\'m very please they picked ours. we west coast dwellers have some amazing fall colors along our mountain hwy\'s. not just the cascades. but if you haven\'t driven the cascades hwy do so, i\'d wait until october the colors are at there peek',1
'no',1
'i don\'t know about the traffic where she lives but here drivers would run over the pope if he were on a bike. i see parents with babies in basket contraptions connected to their bikes i cringe. it\'s too dangerous. i get nervous even when i see bike commuters with no protective gear on at all here  in wash dc. i hope her family is safe. looks like a great way to bond if the kids like it. i don\'t think i would have liked biking with my mom and  my siblings all connected and also having the world know it. (lol)',1
'ban public school. the kids deserve better.',1
'to doug e. of  fargo nd: i couldn\'t agree with you more! i couldn\'t have said it better myself.',1
'no-it\'s awkward and not as safe.  maybe if one child, but 6?supermom?   six kids?  that a lot to taxpayers money....i can just imagine when the kids get older and heavier and more groceries....here comes an suv and 5 other vehicles....wheres\' the "super dad"?',1
'us common law is entirely based on english common law aside from louisiana which uses a mix of french, spanish and roman law.',1
'normally in that position i would be scanning the area for mommy coming to the rescue ......... but i notice this little guy is wearing a collar (way too small to be a tracking collar), so he is used to humans and obviously trusts them.',1
'i know, lets punish all those making a ton of money. lets tax them, lets put more regulations on them and lets make all of them do what the ones who feel guilty want to do.     that way when the common man has a million dollar idea he will never get to that level because of all the taxes and regulations we put on that level. so the guys who made it are good because they already past that level, never-mind they didn\'t have to put up with any of that. eventually no one will ever make it there and everyone will be equal.     and all the government officials clap and shake each others hands for what a great job they did for leveling the playing field.',1
'you miss the entire point then, and you can\'t really call yourself a fan of his if you didn\'t know he was totally against violence, it\'s something he has always stated publicly and he has always said this of criminal minds, if you are just now realizing this, you were never a fan.  you miss the point of the show homeland, it\'s not about what you claim, it\'s actually about the exact opposite, just because those are elements of the show, doesn\'t mean that is what the show is about.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.              ',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'yes!!!! thank you!!!!! i don\'t think most people realize this fact, it\'s ridiculous.',1
'you are a ridiculous person',1
'i have a severe allergic reaction to stupidity, does that mean the arkansas school board will ban themselves from my presence.',1
'the only fair tax is an across the board flat tax with no exemptions, deductions, or credits.  also, a revised definition of income would be needed to include all forms of income as being the same, whether it be investment, gambling,  payroll,  salary, etc... benefits paid to people would also be considered as income and have a fair market dollar attached to them. in this way we eliminate most loopholes right from the start. then we can eliminate more loopholes as they become self evident. in this way everyone pays their fair share of about 10%.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!',0
'those sort of people are vastly outnumbered. she will have the love and support of your family and tons of friends to protect her. here in this country she will be afforded the type of life she could have never had as an orphan in india. she\'s blessed with a bright and happy life ahead of her, believe that!',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'i pay too much tax. i need what i get and still dont have enough.',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【 nudistpartner 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'what are you, some kind of internet message board rapper?',1
'this year\'s winner of the darwin awards, hands down!...',1
'how does he find dress shirts and suit jackets that fit him properly?',1
'just an fyi to all of those people saying that is why they keep gay people out of scouting, most child molesters consider themselves heterosexual. not homosexual. plus they are talking about most of these case being between 1970 and 1991, which meant gay people were still not able to adopt children, and with most scout leaders being the parents of a scout, that leads to the fact that most of them were not gay. the scouts have never let gay people in to the person who stated that is why there was a policy change, and the reason they have never let gay people in was because of their religous beliefs. i know enough gay and straight people to tell you that most sexual deviants are strict heterosexual conservatives. there are plenty of studies that show this as well. just do a quick google search for who looks up more porn conservatives or liberals, or which state does (by the wy that one is utah, mostly mormons). what other group do we know that has had this same problem? that\'s right the catholic church and you would be hard pressed to find a priest that considers himself homosexual. so stop spreading your hate and homophobia and see this is not a problem of gay people being around ch',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'next they will be takeing the kids lunch money for it is full of germs from so many people have had their hands on it--nuts.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'add all these up and it puts you somewhere over 50%.',1
'i can understand how people fall behind in their bills. part of it is how much their income actually is. people when it comes to buying a home i worked 10 years and put money aside to actually buy a home. over the past 28 years i have saved a fortune in home repair. i wired half my house with electricity and by the way it meets the city and building codes. i have done the plumbing and carpentry here too. to have a plumber come to my house your looking at about $450.00. i can\'t afford people have to do repair  work in my house. i took the time to learn all this and i did not go to school for it either.  sure i have cable tv in my home but guess what i put the cable wiring through the walls for all  that too. my cable tv bill is not that high only because i don\'t do pay per view. when it comes to my cell phone bill , my wife and i each have a cell phone the total bill comes to $73.00 a month for both phones together. my wife and i only use them when its absolutely necessary. by the way i do all the service work on my lawntractor, snowblower and my walk behind self-propelled lawnmower too. if i  had sears service all this equipment i\'d be flat broke. i\'m blessed in all this and i unde',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'oh, and by the way:  i\'ll pass on eating my momma, and not just because she\'s dead.  and i\'ll pass on yours as well, "doctor," since you passed through her nasty birth canal.',1
'the usual monday morning downer article. i\'m out at 54 with plenty of dough, and i know others who planned and saved and did it also. these broad brush stroke articles painting gloom and doom for all are a joke. there are winners and losers in the retirement game- how about talking about the winners now and then to give people some hope?',1
'it\'s a good thing this guy lives in britan. if this was the u.s, he and numerous bystanders would have been shot multiple times.',1
'what did i lie about? - above it reads:  romney is proposing more tax cuts..... see it?    my problem with more tax cuts is that it means less revenue is coming in to close the deficit.',1
'get over yourself.',1
'my best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! they met via    === m_o_t_o_d_a_t_i_n_g === it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'i think they should just open the classrooms and pass out books to the kids and keep the teachers away.',1
'but was it a sonic screwdriver?',1
'i recommend the fair tax.  a flat tax will not get at the billions of dollars "earned" each year   that never appear on a tax return, ie gambling, prostitution, drugs, and other underground   activities that generate income for many people.  what do these people do with this money.   they spend it, but they don\'t put it on their 1040.         the fair tax is a consumption tax with a prebate to cover low income earners.  a consumtion   tax will get at these billions of dollars.  another sort of income tax will not.',1
'macro vs. micro.  it is a global economy with influences coming from all directions, information overload from a new age of technology, and market reactions you can’t predict.  it has been coming for some time,  starting with the demise of the glass-steagall act  allowing  banking, investing, insurance all under one roof, thereby allowing five very large, very powerful,  banks to form (too big to fail or too big to be allowed to exist?)  banks with the power to invent new investment instruments (cdos with subprime mortgage-backed bonds), which global investors began to stop funding cdos in 2007,  banks with power to influence sovereign debt,  banks with the power to decide which big money clients get the information first.   and now the stock exchange (embracing new technology) decides what speed you will receive your information, (fined by the sec) but they have a new very large warehouse next door for big money servers.  now distance will decide the speed.   the stock price of a company, with a good earnings report, goes down because the release of the earnings report coincid',1
'my first car in high school was a 1953 ford two door coupe flat head v8,auto,duals with black lable beer cans as exhaust tips and skirts, next a 1957 ford two door hard top thunderbird v8 nice car. then after graduation a new 1963 chevy ss 409, 425 hp with two fours and a 4 speed. i think my wife of 46 yrs. actually fell in love with the car and i came with it.i was hooked on muscle cars, i went to work for gm and then purchased a 1967 gto 400,4 sp.what a beautiful car.when the road runner came out in 1968 i really wanted one, so in 1969 i purchased a road runner with the 426 hemi 425 hp.4 sp.dana 60 rear,i had the engine reworked to 500 hp.what a beast, this was one of the fastest cars i ever had the pleasure to of owned. buy the way the hemi got 3 mpg. and the most expensive. i\'am 68 now and still drive a fast car a 2011 ford mustang 5.0,auto black with the dark metallic grey stripes,and hood scoop.this keeps me young at heart.',1
'whaaaat?',1
'now lets see here.  seems warren buffett is lying to us?   show us your tax return mr buffett.   if you jump in the areana you should show your card not hide behind them',1
'real rider youre an idiot.  plain and simple.  you took sticker price of both cars and compared those costs but thats not the real cost of the vehicle.  unless you are paying for the car cash you have to factor in interest costs.  because that is part of the cost of ownership of the vehicle.  so that $19,000 like i have already stated is no longer $19,000.         after you fill up your cruze, sonata, corolla, civic for 6 years (the average time a vehicle is paid off for a purchase) you have $40,000 invested in that car.  i would rather invest $45,000 in a car that costs $45,000 as opposed to investing $40,000 in a car with a sticker price of $26,000.  plain and simple math.       the $7,500 tax credit you speak of you do not understand at all.  its only a wipe if you owe taxes.  if you are due a t',1
'the patriot act, uhm, let me think back, oh yes, that was the one act that oboma was going to get rid of right after he closed guantanamo, but didn\'t, you know,  just can\'t seem to remember, oh yea! that\'s right, it\'s the only way to keep tabs on his muslim brothers, or has the patriot act been abandoned? i don\'t think so.',1
'call me a pessimist, or may be just a realist, but maybe this man was so dehydrated (or maybe drinking seawater, which we know causes hallucinations) that he simply imagined that\'s what happened. the story itself doesn\'t seem credible at all, but let\'s say it\'s descriptives are true. the shark bumped into his boat. most sharks will bump into things to see if they can eat it. it\'s hardly likely that it was trying to communicate anything with it, seeing as sharks barely socialize with each other, let alone other species. more likely is that, after finding that he couldn\'t eat the boat, or anything on it, he went back to (what i assume is) his regular feeding ground (a nearby fishing boat that throws bait and chum to attract fishes). there, mystery solved.',1
'i was using the same verbage as the title of the article.  "cut" him as he did with the program - as in do away with, release him from his position, fire him.',1
'this author is right if you want to see color go to n. carolina, but if you want to see color,  try vermont around stowe, rt 100 or 108 through smugglers notch.',1
'playing tug.  you would think at age 11 his big butt would have calmed down...but no all 100 pounds shoves the rope bone in your face and bounces up and down until you tug with him.  your arms are killing you by the time he finally wears himself out.  i wouldn\'t trade him for anything though!',1
'oklahoma\'s talimina senic byway was the first senic route built exclusively for its view.',1
'this kid is going to be 18 years old and peeing in public with no shame. watch there will be a report in 16 years, about an 18 year old who couldn\'t hold it anymore nor find a bathroom, so he dropped his pants, and is in jail for indecent exposure.     parents quit whiny, grow up, and start parenting your kids.',1
'he should be fired. there is no way he should be able to discriminate against homosexuals just because he may not like them. all men are created equal.',1
'absolutely agree with your comments.   debt should be eliminated as soon as possible. when you retire, you will be on fixed income and must avoid having to continue making payments on debt. as a matter of principle i cont carry credit card debt ever (pay in full at months end) if i need something never finance it on credit card atrocius high interests.  you want to have the peace of mind that you will be surviving with whatever meager resourced you have at retirement.',1
'never had a pepsi i liked.  poor imitation of the real thing.',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                  ',0
'there\'s a smart **** in every crowd.',1
'im gay and you sure aint shipping me to mexico bitch :)   good luck trying, youll get your **** kicked bloody badly.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'i remember that joke -- it goes on to say something about becoming a bearded lady, doesn\'t it?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'schools are scared to death of being sued.  they get sued for everything, and it\'s not such a stretch to see a lawsuit because a child with a peanut allergy ate part of his friend\'s pbj - failure to adequately supervise and provide a safe environment are the first things that come to my mind, and i haven\'t even had coffee yet.  yes, this is overboard, but so are many of the lawsuits.',1
'other peoples comments are of their opinion. i could care less.',1
'theyre not hiring seniors over young people.wtf',1
'i had to check twice.  after reading this i went back to make sure it was an electrician at a brittish pub and not the janitor at an american school district.',1
'no. i would have been completely embarrassed if one of my kids peed in public. not peeing in public is a part of becoming a decent human being.  if i could potty train three kids without them peeing in public, so can she! i can\'t even believe this is a discussion topic. gross.',1
'1st, i read a story that we will be forced to retire even before our retirement age due to weak job markets and economic growths.  companies don\'t want to keep contributing to our 401k. there is no health benefits, no real full time jobs(or not enough), no pension plans and a threat to ss benefits.  yes, cutting back expenses helps(everyone i know already has) (everyone has heard the expression squeezing the  blank out of a buffalo nickel),  now what?  baby boomers are in full swing and are 50% of the population.  take charge, of coarse, easier said then done. what to do what to do.....',1
'fear of any other creature is a learned behavior.  this cub had obviously not yet learned that humans and other creatures can be a threat.  i hope that he or she was fortunate enough to find her and get back to being with other bears where it\'s relatively safe.',1
'yeah just what the world needs, more gay pedophile priests!  haven\'t the people who engage in the evil sin of pedophilia and homosexuality done enough damage to the world, why don\'t they just stop all the evil they do to our world????????????',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'not to mention the possibility of water intoxication (hyponatremia).  how can we prevent those little one\'s from drinking too much water when it is so readily available!!',1
'in mother russia man attacks grizzly.',1
'longhunter48; by the new jim crow,you\'re right! i be damn boy. you believe 9/11 was carry-out by a bunch of arabs, who is stupid.',1
'understand this, i don\'t agree with his decision, i just think that he has the right to make it.  it is a pretty slippery slope when we start having people fired because we don\'t agree with decisions they made.  if his decision cost the school a lot of money in tuition or something, i would have no problem with him being fired.',1
'i guess "stupidness" is a relative term.  but for billions who think it\'s "natural" to cover up and protect our flesh from nature - who think no one should see us naked who isn\'t expecting to and doesn\'t want to - it\'s a stupid question.',1
'first of all, david, do you like to post twice or do you have a twitchy trigger finger?  second of all, i am talking about private information within an organization.  do you, a supposed republican, want to attack the constitution like your left-wing friends?  think before typing.  twice.',1
'when nuts are outlawed, only outlaws wll have nuts!!!!',1
'yet , you must consider eventual inflation, it is mostly because of overspending by our government and the fed.  yes, inflation takes quite a bite out of those who get the 3 to 4 percent safe returns in conservative bonds and treasuries.  so we also need stocks:  like a major bank like wells fargo, or hsbc, or something, maybe in singapore.  then we need blue chips long term, like mcdonalds or coke, or johnson & johnson, etc.   then , we need to reasearch some small caps, and maybe hit one out of three for a bonus profit every few years.  finally, we do need some commodities, and it is hard to get them right, but keep trying.  finally, we need insurance for the retirement years.   good work, and keep trying everyone.',1
'because how do they pick just one scenic drive? i live in maine and in fall my daily commute is a beautiful drive, walking my dog makes me stop and admire the foliage, and going to the grocery store becomes a scenic tour! i haven\'t been up to acadia in fall yet, we usually camp and it\'s a bit too chilly that time of year... but i imagine it must be amazing in the fall.',1
'i drive all the time for work,   and these   ****ing !   cameras cause nothing but more stress on safe drivers everywhere.  !    most of the tickets are due to fast yellow lights,   safe right on reds,   crossing over the stop lines and on an on.   only a small percentage of tickets are given due to blatant red light running.  as in a second or two or three past the red light.  guess what ?   people who run blatant red lights are going  run a red light  whether there is a camera  there or not.   as a result,  the majority of tickets are given to safe drivers,  on a multitude of minor technicalities.    and the red light companies know it.   i have a perfect driving record , drive all over the usa and i avoid red light camera intersections.   also as a result of people like me.    stores and business close to a red light camera intersection lose a lot of and money because we learn to avoid these intersections.    i love the dumbest argument for having red light cameras.   "ah gee ,   don\'t run a red light and you won\'t get a ticket "  which is just plain bull****   and people who drive alot know that!   get rid of them!    and in the meantime,   avoid red light camera intersections!',1
'dude u selling any cause the stuff im getting in ny. ain`t dat good!!',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'it\'s actually grand coulee ...',1
'when the time comes to leave, say, "i am seeking another opportunity," and that\'s it.  if you leave it that short people know you hate their guts.',1
'you are an idiot.  obamas health care is slowly being implimented.  she had 6 children during his 3 + years in office?',1
'yeah gunna have to say my nephew was born gay.  we could all tell.  we didn\'t want to think that way but when he got older he tried to date women and it just didn\'t work out for him.  he has told me that he cringed when he touched a girl.  and that\'s ok.  we don\'t care.  he isn\'t a pedophile.  he is just gay.  he won\'t tell his dad though and it\'s really funny cause everyone else knows but dad and dad keeps saying he just needs to find a good girl.  we all just laugh.',1
'how fast can she get to the door to great me when i have been gone seems like her favorite game...   this dog should act as an inspiration for people as well, to be as active and productive as we are able to be despite our perceived handicaps.',1
'im doing well to live on ten bucks today, thats gas everything.',1
'the premise of the "news story" is irrelevant, and as far as i can tell, so are most of the comments below.  all of this banter distorts the truth ... in fact i would say purposefully so.  in my opinion, conservatives and liberals today will never agree on fiscal policy ... because it is in neither party\'s interest to do so.  the political machine (be it republican or democrat) thrives on this class conciousness/warfare  ​  ... the divisive issue that wins and loses elections, power, wealth.  the truth is that your federal representatives and executives uniformly (in general) represent first the interests of the elite.  it is we - the middle class - who occupy are time bickering over irrelevant issues - simply because we are too selfish or ignorant to realize that we\'ve been given this hamster wheel (by the elite) as a pretense to keep us from discovering the real mechanism of this country.     “the american system is the most ingenious system of control in world history. with a country so rich in natural resour',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'oh man, ive had some dousies over the years. usually about fantastic machines ive built. it would take far to long to describe anything here. everything from space vehicles to undersea subs and flying machines. i have a builders mind, always have.     i never have weird dreams like this.',1
'i went 3 years ago, and had a blast. it was an experience i\'ll never forget.',1
'well, i\'ll tell you, it cuts me to the bone.',0
'you sound like a tea partier, all propaganda and zero substance.  to begin with, when a person tries to explain the obvious that tells so much about you and your lack of understanding.  i never mentioned and the adage clearly corroborates it that there is no such thing about a free lunch, ergo, i don\'t even understand taxes and even if you use taxes as your main point, that doesn\'t mean, per se, any thing.  a financial expert that should know bettern than you and me, says that all things considered americans do pay more in taxes.  also, something that you obvioulsy missed and i have said before, there taxation is more fair than ours.  if you don\'t believe me, ask the irs about those almost 5,000 names that ubs provided to them for cheating in their taxes and only god knows even be a republican.',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'why is the kid holding the ticket like the cop gave it to him? that\'s a perfect example of media manipulation.',1
'perhaps you could write the names of the trees on tasteful placards and have richard place them throughout the land?  of course, you may have to call on your personal, private slimline phone to the private secretary of the minister to obtain a grant.',1
'i got a good chuckle out of this post.  funny.  where do people come up with this stuff?',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'too bad your dog is gone and you\'re still here.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'i\'m sorry but msn runs pro gay stories non stop, which is all part of their evil gay agenda to try and get people to engage and participate in the evil, sick, and perverted sin of homosexuality!  why doesn\'t msn try to get people to participate in all the sins, like hey everybody lets rob banks, rape, pillage, and murder all you want, because those sins are good for our society also.  there is a reason why you can\'t name a single sin that is good for any society, and homosexuality is 100 percent considered a sin by god, jesus christ, and the holy bible.      do these people really not realize that people are happy when gay pedophiles are weeded out, and kept away from their innocent kids.  i don\'t care how they do it, i don\'t want gay pedophiles around my kids, if you want you kids to hang out with gay pedophiles  then send your kids to jerry sandusky camp, but leave my kids out of it, i want them to make a million lists if that is what it takes to keep every single gay pedophile away from my kid!',0
'i do believe this fascists n.w.o. is very near. the lord, god, tells us to "watch" for the signs of his return in these "last days". i, for one, need to get my house in order.',1
'ewwwwwwww',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'next, there will be a complete ban on anything that anyone is allergic to!    responsibility  ................... never a democratic accepted or respected trait, now everyone has to have that responsibility for those who are too "poor" mentally to be responsible for themselves!    donate some responsibility to the dolt closest to you, the one who is far too stupid to keep track of what will and won\'t kill them!    yeah, oblamo, tell us who else we have to provide for!',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'unions aren\'t people..... they are a group of people who only fight for what?????? their own selfish ambitions....... your kids can go a week without education while the union fights for what they want in a street.... strange how cops can arrest kids for skipping school but wont arrest the teachers for not teaching the school..... oh wait!!!! they\'re unionized as well... if something doesn\'t go the way of the unions just keep blaming the problem on the parent..... kind of like obama still blaming his mess on bush..... i guess unions learn from the best.... please dont take responsibility and act like you are doing your job while telling the people that you come out of your own pocket to make yourself look like some kind of saint......teachers are identical to politicians... liars!!!! remember!!!!! teachers dont give... they\'re selfish people who only fight for what they can recieve.... its safe to say that teachers are the opposite of givers.... they take.... they\'ll take your childs self esteem.... they\'ll take your childs welfare..... they\'ll take your childs constitutional rights.... they\'ll take your childs innocence and spirituality..... they\'ll take your childs religion..... ',1
'don\'t know why you got the thumbs down from so many -- i thought you were pretty funny.  btw, you didn\'t answer the original question.  that\'s ok.  in my case i\'d have to ask "define public" and "define nude."  hey, it was the1960s, and there wasn\'t suppposed to be anybody in the dorm at the time, much less any males, then some idiot decided since there wasn\'t anybody there, she could smuggle in some guy.  purely an accidental partial exposure i assure you (i had knee high socks on and was smart enough to crouch against the wall to cover up), and i would have fallen under rule 2 anyway, as i was an athletic 18 year old at the time.',1
'don\'t be so simplistic. i doubt anyone thinks of the taxes when the thought of millions are swimming in their heads. your argument fail because taxes will not stop anyone from trying to be successful.',1
'excuse me jim. just want to make sure i got this right. our country, through intervention backed by obama, assists in the removal of heads of state who were pro us and enables the takeover of these countries by the muslim brotherhood (he even wanted to send them tanks), who are extremely anti-american, not at all unlike carter and the shah of iran in the \'70\'s (how\'s that regime change workin\' for us jim ?) and you, with your brilliant statement place the blame elsewhere. jim, old buddy, as john wayne once said, "life is hard. it\'s a lot harder when you\'re stupid. after reading your statement i can only surmise jim that your life has been extremely rough.',1
'as a single man, i need about $125k/year to cover my living necessities.  we\'re going to have to adjust those numbers.',1
'thank god i served a country full of communists, otherwise i wouldn\'t know what country this was. it\'s because of people like you who made laws to put people in jail because oh my god is that a penis. give me a break if you want to have restrictive laws move to china, not everything citizens do needs to end up in the f\'n penal system. maybe you need to read the constitution or the bill of rights. you live in a country that is suppose to be the most free in the world, but no, it might as well be china or russia of 1950. they know what restriction is, and again thanks to idiots like you, it\'s somebody else\'s fault, but your own. maybe if people like yourselves kept your nose on your own side of the fence, 90% of the most idiotic laws made today would not be on the books.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'pluck that',1
'let the kid pee !! big deal!!! in germany adults can pee in public as long as they turn their back to the street.',1
'what a hot dog!',1
'i object to yoru characterization of anyone who doesn\'t believe as you do as \'dumber than dirt.\'   i would happily match my iq with yours, if you really believe that and are honestly looking for intelligence.  i should tell you that i graduated summa cum laude so i am at least reasonably intelligent so perhaps you should think twice.  actually, you should probably think at least once before you make such a foolish statement.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.                ',0
'that\'s if you can find a job that pays you enough .. .some of us only make 7 an hour',1
'tons of food have peanuts/nuts in them. when i was in school, we just had a "peanut-free" table. that was it.',1
'so are you black or just ignorant.',1
'the boy scouts is a private organization, and so they have a right to privacy with data.  stop attacking them, you liberal morons.',1
'ya who cares about this school man... i\'m suprised people are still attending',1
'that shark was only trying to find some food....but i\'m glad the guy was rescued though. hey, he can believe whatever he wants to, it\'s not hurting anyone.',1
'would this be a trip in an rv and is there any height restrictions?  we have a 30 foot length  and 11.5 high rv.,  okay or no?',1
'u.s. pays the highest corporate taxes in the world.  now obama\'s government has given them over a thousand new pages of costly regulations, and his healthcare bill that no one really knows what it will cost the employer who has to provide that benefit for all employees.  is it any wonder why these jobs are going overseas?  they can\'t afford to keep their businesses in this country, have no money for innovation and job creation in the u.s.a.',1
'my best friend, she just has announced her wedding with old biker! they meet via    ~~~ seekriders (dot com)~~~ a best place for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'this is definately something new, i\'ve never heard of it either until recently. must be something in the food.',1
'well there you go. you cant keep a good dog down.',1
'yes the rich are having a tough time  with the cost of labor in china rising',1
'already crossed the wire-  chicago teacher\'s strike to continue at least one more day.  for those who don\'t understand american politics, the machine has created a major chunkie fracas!  we really would like to watch the baseball games (leading to the fabled world series), talk about new tv shows, music and other media, etc.  the political complexity must be at least as baffling to "the other" [edit- whatever we care to call "the other"] as we find their "exotic politics."    cy703',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'lmno',1
'you are an a$$!!!',1
'ever heard of the shawnee national forest? in southern illinois. check out "garden of the gods"',1
'whatever happened to personal responsibility and accountability? if you or your child is allergic to something it is your responsibility to avoid it. the argument for banning nuts does not make since when you look at the numbers. consider the argument posed in favor of banning nuts in school; in america there are 50-100 nut related allergy deaths each year in school age children, therefor we should ban nuts. from this logic we should ban sport too since there are also 50-100 sports related deaths of school age children each year. even more astonishing is the 2,300 children 3-14 who die from car accidents each year, we should ban cars all together. furthermore ~700 school age children die from drowning each year maybe we should ban water deeper than 6 inches too. now we cannot drive, play sport, eat nuts, or bathe anymore. if you run the number forcing the majority to pander to the minority is nonsensical especially if you consider that there are around 50 million children in american public schools which equates to only 1 in 500,000 children will die from nut allergies.',1
'this is no ones fault but her\'s and prince william.does prince william forget how his mother died?being who they are they should know that the photogs are everywhere.kate you arent a commoner anymore on spring break,keep your top on!',1
'i\'m sure if they fired them all right now there would be replacements available that would be glad to make their salary.',1
'this is absolutely stupid and is another in the long list of schools that take too much power and authority.  you cannot protect against everything!  i\'m allergic to strawberries.   should the school ban strawberries?  i know someone who is allergic to fabric softner.  should they test everyone\'s clothing to make sure there are no fabric softners in their clothing and send them home if any is detected?  it infuriated me when our school said i would need to have a doctor\'s prescription to give my daughter tylenol.        i realize they have a lot of kids to protect, but the extremes they go are just beyond reason.   get a grip people!',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'so romney did not have a job!  if obama wants to create jobs he would vote for mitt so he could work next year.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'i don\'t live in a trailer park - if i did, i\'d be one of them.  learn to spell (trailer) it\'s probably your kids doing it.  lol',1
'what happens the other 16 hours a day that your kid isn\'t in school? stick them in a bubble? what do you do on weekends to keep them isolated? better to teach how to take precautions and be prepared for an emergency situation.',1
'no need to make a big deal out of it . we all know what is on women\'s chests , don\'t be prudish .  when you are on a private island people throw cushion to the wind .',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'warning! (of sorts) don\'t head to one of these destinations that\'s too far from your drove back home! it\'s very unlikely you\'ll find even reasonable accommodations! (and, the best are booked way in advance!) otherwise, be prepared to bed down in whatever you\'re driving parked in a wal-mart parking lot!    btw-i\'ve met the coolest people in the "wal-mart" impromptu resort!',1
'i love mandy patinkin!  thought he did fantastic work on criminal minds...but i completely understand what he is saying.  i will watch him in anything.',1
'got a news flash for ya mothers of sons... it\'s called not all sexual predators are men. yes a big majority are but there are quite a few women out there who are sexual predators as well. so in hindsight don\'t put everything on men',1
'mothers of sons...why don\'t you put your thinking cap on? if you were a pedophile, where would you go? the answer is...where the children are. hence, you would go to churches where adults will leave their children under the guise that they are safe. you would be in the boy scouts because again this is where children are allowed to go and parents are comfortable with it. you would be a teacher or involved in schools because this is where children are without parental supervision. these groups need to do a better job of screening to prevent abuse in their ranks.     the only solution to pedophiles is to make it an offense punishable by death. this is the most disgusting crime that is performed on the only truly innocent victims which are children. no concern about cruel and unusual punishment. 30 cent bullet through the back of the head. end of story.',1
'oh, what a mature and classy response.  it had all the thought of a 2-year-old behind it.',1
'loopholes are just provisions in our simple, easy to follow, 60,000 page tax code; compliments of our congress. what would really bring tax reform would be to stop employer withholding. do you think americans might become more interested if they had to sit down each month and stroke that big check to the irs?',1
'probably only one person in a hundred knows this...........feder  ​ al income taxes do not help our country whatsoever..........  ​ ..all money rounded up goes to england, to that private offshore account which is called the federal reserve...........     nothing federal at all at least from our countrys standpoint..........  ​ .....when you pay federal taxes, you are in essence filling the pockets of the rothschild\'s of england.........sorr  ​ y folks but the federal reserve is an offshore corporation based in england..........the  ​ y got a foothold in the us in 1013, and we have been going down slowly ever since.............     paying federal taxes is something akin to paying tony soprano protection money.......its a lose lose for you, and a win',1
'wow, i am fairly impressed msn. an article actually telling a bit of truth about taxes in this country, and not just touting the left\'s mantra of "paying a fair share."        amazingly the actual facts, not that i am suprised, show that the more you make, on average the more you pay, and most of those complaining about the rich "not paying their fair share" still pay less than the capital gains taxes romney pays. ohh, and lets not forget that the profits which are paid out to investors such as romney are taxed first as corporate tax, 35%, before capital gains tax, so in reality it is taxed much higher than just about anyone\'s effective marginal income tax rate.        ohh, and notice that romney has paid no marginal income tax because he has been working as governor of ma for free for ',1
'who are these clowns???  do they get paid extra for giving extra bad advice?     except for getting the employer match, weston is wrong on just about everything she wrote.  (i presume everyone understands the benefits of saving early and often,)     she talks about compound interest on investments.  yeah, duh.  but she completely ignores that debt interest compounds, too.  compounding 22% against you is a whole lot worse than compounding 8% for you.  where did she go to middle-school?  didn\'t they teach anything?  compound the difference (14%) and you double your debt every 5 years.  anybody think that\'s a good idea?    ',1
'hey :) if you insist that sexual orientation is a choice...you must be speaking from experience, right? so tell me, how do you suppress your homosexual urges, is it a daily choice, or do you choose at some random point in your adolescence?   i\'m just amazed that all the people who claim they know for sure that being gay is a choice (as they must be speaking from experience-- and there are many!)   lol hahahahaha, dummies.',1
'do you always find yourself troubled with the issues of age difference but is still feeling that strong urge of finding a man or woman that is younger than you?    google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'"to pee or not to pee, that is the question"!     raised 3 girls, at one time or another emergency situations presented themselves. it requires a bit of resourcefulness on the adult\'s part, but it can be done without letting the child pee themselves and without creating a public situation. this mom was lazy because she has a son, would she have allowed a daughter to do the same? nope, she would have instantly become resourceful!!! now, getting a ticket is a different story and is absurd. the real debate is and should be about civil decorum. just because something is natural does not mean it is ok to do.. we have, at least presumably, evolved in a few hundred years from having the "lowly piss boy" taking care of your business!!',1
'come on ironboots.....really  ​ ??? how about you maintain your drive way and just buy cheaper boots? 450 is going to break you.....',1
'omg!  let kids eat their pbj\'s!  for lower income families it\'s a staple and you don\'t have to worry about it spoiling in a lunch box/bag.',1
'if you go by fact and police reports you would know that most child molesters are stright men with a thing for little kids.  but i guess if you dont know what your talking about i can see where you would get confused.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'i think people have their priorities all *&$#$@ up. seriously there are much muhc bigger problems than whats going on outside your front door.',1
'give me a break, she is following the nazi propaganda idea that if you say the same thing loud enough and long enough, people will start believing it, joeseph goebbels said that he could convince anyone that a triangle is a circle if we can control the media. she needs to show her tax returns and off-shore accounts if she wants anyone to believe her ramblings, she was middle class when she was running for office, what class is she now? 21 million dollars in special interest thank yous and off-shore investments. it is all about power and who gets to shake the tax tree',1
'ask nancy why she does not show her tax returns ? 98 % of all politian\'s dem or rep have not an will not.. they are all in the same tax dodging, drafting dodging american spinless jelly fish club.. big mouths like a bass. spines like a jelly fish !!! also the guy they call boner.....',0
'ban school or just ban eating in school.',1
'idk kinda looks like something i could put together out of old parts in my garage',1
'a winning one!',1
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【 nudistpartner 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to    treat their romantic partner.   here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her    romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during    the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'perhaps this is where the 40 billion a month will be pupmed, funneled, and ripped of. not one dime will be seen on mainstreet..i have no sympathy for wall street, your all crooks and deserve what comes your way.',1
'i was assigned to a unit in germany back in the late 70\'s.  we were on field maneuvers and one morning i woke up to find that a little hedgehog had wandered into my tent and snuggled down on the top of my sleeping bag.  i waited until the daylight woke him up and he wandered away.',1
'this isn\'t new technology.  the armed forces have been using it for years.',1
'on the 2011  form 1040  line 62 is withholding and line 61 is total tax.       line 60 is other taxes. which form for what year are you looking at  the lines change almost every year.',1
'people who don\'t make 10 million a year has no business in the stock market. poor people have no business in the stock market.  those who make money on the stock market and those who are citizens pay a lower tax on the profit.  those who have 401k plans pay income tax even on the money borrowed from their 401k.  on 401k plans the only people who make money regardless where the stock market is high or low.  the broker who handles the 401k and the u.s government.  the stock market isn\'t a saving account.  i will bet that your broker all so buy stocks or bonds from over seas.  every time a stock is traded our government makes money.  every single time it is traded and doesn\'t matter who buys it.  or what country.  your friend the saudi royal family can afford lo lose money.  you can\'t!   the 401k plans have ruined the stock market and has caused people to lose their jobs, higher prices, and forced banks to pay less on savings accounts, cd\'s and checking accounts.  remember there is no limit on how many stocks a company can sell.  you must know most stocks don\'t pay a penny out.  the only value they really have is the trading value.  most people who have 401 k plans have never seen a s',1
'overwhelm and saturate the general public with ripoff policies and confusing legalities is the order of the day. anything to keep the money-power folks iin charge. conservatives have destroyed capitalism and free enterprise while lying about what has caused our economic problems. it will take a lot of years of ultra-liberalism and progressive change to repair what right wingers have done.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!                      ',0
'another example of the tyranny of the minority.  school administrators are devoid of judgement.  control of all schools should be returned totally over to the local communities and government should just butt out.',1
'i was fortunate enough to meet alvin law when i was in elementary and he too was born without arms. the two of you have an amazing outlook on life, i have a feeling that if the two of you ever got together the stories would be absolutley hilarious, entertaining and inspirational.',1
'my two boys never just stopped and pee\'d , always hid from view ,  it is disgusting to just stop in the walk ways and such ....',1
'99% of wives would throw their husbands back lol',1
'i run around nude. my neighbor\'s wife came over and threw up all over my floor.',1
'my best friend, she just has announced her wedding with old biker! they meet via    ~~~ seekriders (dot com)~~~ a best place for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'the buffett rule is stupid. just tax investments at the same rate as my salary. problem solved.        our tax code is retarded. they\'re constantly adding more and more rules to help out different people in specific situations. each time, they just make more loopholes for people that can hire tax lawyers.        no more "special rules for special people". just go with a flat tax already.',1
'the author must have never been outside before, what about, the catskills, blue ridge parkway, vermont, you couldn\'t duplicate the colors that come out of these places, what a yo-yo??*%$#....do your research 2 of these places are in the top 10 in the world must see fall foliage',1
'how about the blue ridge parkway in virginia,it\'s beautiful this time of year.',1
'i was a boy scout, eagle. i was only involved with my son\'s for a short time as they did not have as much interest as i did. too much other stuff to do.   i can see the potential danger and the best thing that can be done is for the parents to be more involved with the scouting activities. that requires dad to spend time with his son and mom to spend time with her daughter. both of my parents were involved and i guess we just had higher quality leaders. i would always be suspect if a leader was not married or had kids.   scouting was never intended to be a baby sitting service. but it ends up that way.   restricting who can lead is the first step. were there questionable leaders. probably but then i had questionable teachers as well.   welcome to america.',1
'cutting or reforming entitlement programs will not kill the economy.  part of the problem why people stop looking for a job is because unemployment pay is based upon your wage, so they don\'t bother looking because the wages aren\'t as good as what they get in unemployment benefits.',1
'no, kids should not be allowed to urinate in public. however, com\'mon grow a brain there.  how many parents of a two year old are able to control when and where their little tykes are going to... well... go. as a father of 6 kids three boys, believe me there is no controling.',1
'it\'s not the person eating it that was allergic. if someone has a peanut allergy, just the smell of peanuts can set it off and possibly kill them. their throat swells up and the can\'t breath',1
'no, death comes to us all sooner or later. once you understand that, death is no longer something to fear. its inescapable, so its pointless to be afraid. that doesn\'t mean run out and do stupid stuff. this is about anxiety.  enjoy your life while you have it, there are no guarantees.     as for the superbug outbreak.. if people are still being infected, the quarantine must have a hole in it.',1
'businesses are not spending because o is anti business. they can\'t afford to hire and then find out later how they will be screwed for it by the leftists.',1
'while i totally /get/ why some parents would be in an uproar, i personally think high school kids are old enough to recognize that this isn\'t meant to be literal. it\'s a joke, it\'s meant to be funny.',1
'what the world of science does...all in the name of science just to find out what if this were to happen?  this is like saying, "kids please don\'t try this at home because you might get hurt.  would science be shocked if the virus was released?  are they preparing themselves for an outbreak if it were to happen?  yes, and no...the first thing out of their mouths will be we were not prepared for such an outbreak, antibotics is not working on this virus.  come on they injected us with disease in the form of a shot...babies get shots from the day they are born...then medicine medicates us and we sit dum founded because antibotics is not working as good as they should.  wake up this is all about control...of the human population.   check out flu shots, vaccations and flu outbreaks in history.  its basic common sense...air bourne disease will infect us, they inject it in us',1
'looks great but some of the childrens helmets are way too far back.  helmets worn correctly should cover ones forehead.  almost all bike accidents are "face plants"; your face and forehead hit the concrete ground.  rarly, if ever, do bicylce acccidents include a blow to the back of the head.  helmets are great protection and hopefully never needed (not involved in an acccident) but, like an cars safety belt, for the 2 seconds they may be needed during an accident, it can mean the difference between life & death.',1
'perhaps it would be easier to leave bush out of the conversation now, except that romney is proposing more tax cuts and a bigger defense budget, and more free trade agreements  than we have now - which sounds a lot like bush\'s plan.     i can be unrealistic too - not only should president obama have created policies to help the economy heal (which he\'s done without the help of congress), but we should be at pre-crash levels with everything and not in any bubbles, in less than 4 years.',1
'gee, if i complain about the way i\'m treated would you write an article on me?  who the hell is she?',1
'yet it\'s ok for them to cover for pedophiles right....',1
'are we stoned?',1
'i\'m living in the netherlands, and i can tell you, the bakfiets (the bike with the wheelbarrow front) is everywhere.  it\'s almost a must if you\'re a mom.  as for safety, well, traffic here is a lot more careful than in the us, and we also have separated bike lanes (and sometimes exclusive bike and pedestrian areas) over large portions of the cities.  and everything is extremely compact here, so very easy to get to by bike.  can\'t always say that about the us, especially the way phoenix is sprawling out of control...',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'i wish some bright sticker manufacturer would make a sticker which reads " $ 85,000 lemon. i would gladly put one on my bumper.',1
'just another homecoming celebration at ted bundy high school.',1
'being involed with scouts for over 12 years i have learned that protection since i have been involved is number 1 priority. we go over with the kids about youth protection as well as having two deep leadership. i can\'t speak concerning the past, but i do know that safety and protection is the top priority.  i have 3 sons involved in scouts and am no longer a leader but as a parent i stay involved!  i would (if involded) keep a list of people that seem creepy to find a way of keeping away from children. however, the charge is "alleged" otherwise i myself as well as any scout parent would go to the police! the scouts don\'t allow gays an we get flak over that! so how the "hell" do you want us to protect your and our children...',1
'at least the girls weren\'t encouraged to wear camo and the boys encouraged to wear animal print. the oversensitive idiots would be complaining the school was promoting homosexuality',1
'i\'m an atheist and i don\'t have a religion to tell me not to support gays. i don\'t really give a ****, though. this is the stuff i like to stay out of.',1
'fall is the fulfillment of the seasons. the trees and plants are ready to go to sleep and get the energy for spring time to bring back the beauty of nature.',1
'see the future here! do you want to make thousands? then check this out. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. there is information that the rich have been trying to keep for themselves and now you have access to it. come over and get your share of the cash today.',0
'there\'s an experiment going on in chicago!',1
'drool',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'actually the bigger they are the harder they fall.  he\'s just as vulnerable in the weak spots as anyone else.  if your trained then you really shouldn\'t be intimidated by his enlarged arms. if he were to bear hug you then a slap to both of his ears would force him to turn you lose! good for the movies, or  as a bar bouncer, but just as vulnerable in the streets!',1
'most phones are highly overrated,, i\'m still using a motorola 170 that was free with a verizon contract 10 years ago all i\'ve ever done was put a new battery in it a year or so ago. people are stupid to burn the money they do on phones.. i know people who haven\'t worked in over a year still playing the phone game while their homes are being forclosed.',1
'my best friend, she just has announced her wedding with old biker! they meet via  ~~~ seekriders (dot com)~~~ a best place for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'how many children in the lunchroom with him have severe nut allergies?',1
'looks more like a set-up by the skull and crossbones club to steal all the money in america. there isn\'t any economy so the artificial climb of stocks is fixed on purpose for purpose.',1
'i believe that her arrogance is only matched by her insanity.',1
'taxes, and fun with numbers.  isn\'t the real question "how much do you have left to use after all the taxes have been paid?"  partitioning-out and debating "federal income tax" as if it were the only tax is, at best, "academic", if not disengenuous.  the real question for all is "how much of what i "earn" is mine to use.?"  and that, given as a percentage of what you actually took in - regardless of flim-flams and loop-holes and other ways to hide income - is a true measure of whether you "paid your full share" or not.  maybe the discussion could be more fruitful and transparent if it were about what percentage of one\'s real income is left as "discretionary money"...       as others have identified, local and state taxation - sales, excise, real-estate, income, use-taxes, etc. etc. etc., vary widely.  but, presuming that all in the locale or state pay the same rates... the lower and middle-class pay a lot higher percentage of their income in cum taxes than do the rich - folks don\'t buy food, gasoline, tires, electricity, cars',1
'he earned everything he owns, what about you? his millions he has paid in taxes has paid your way through life.',1
'totally avoidable.  show the kid the empty water bottle trick, woman.',1
'no; the parents are overreacting.  the kids themselves frequently engage in some truly dangerous role-playing; in comparison, this is just harmless fun.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes, i have heard a fox commentator say they both cared about woman.',1
'way to defend pedophiles there, m-f.',1
'pluck me.',1
'let\'s consider what is done with our obligations "to pitch in" for the right to live in this great land,   starting out with the recognition that without the ones who have the ways to produce jobs, there   would not be ways to make a living which, naturally follows that without the one who is willing to   do those jobs, the first-one will find themselves, sooner than later, with nothing...   as one can see today, the mega-rich close their factory in the land that produced its riches and    moves to foreign places where labor\'s salaries are abusive and less that cheap. as a result the   american workers are left out of work. as a sequence the money made overseas is deposited   in foreign banks while locally they keep on indulging on "entitlements" which is another name for   government free benefits. meanwhile the millions of people left out of work are trying to get a job    in the land that was left without places to work...  ',1
'yes, it is stupid.  all my daughter eats is pbj or pbnutella.  school lunch food is disgusting so she won\'t touch it.  do like other schools have and create a section of tables that are peanut free tables.  schools are getting ridiculous',1
'not me, but my wife. i found a stray hurt bunny rabbit around easter and took him in to heal.  i still remember walking in and seeing joan, the yorkie sissy, and the rabbit all curled into matching fetal positions on the bed asleep..............  ​ not an unusual animal, but an unusual matching  of animals.',1
'absolutely! the pb&j sandwich represents one of the most dire threats to this country - even more serious than the dutch menace. we should allocate billions of dollars to eradicating this issue. this should be a bi-partisan effort. congress should declare war on the pb&j sandwich.',1
'as others have said, the many are being punished for the few. instead of banning pbj sandwiches sent from home, how about making the kids with peanut allergies responsible for sitting at a seperate table. my youngest was lactose intolerant when she was younger, and in preschool she knew enough that milk made ehr sick, surely kids in grade school should know if nuts make them sick.',1
'captain should be reprimanded for his inaction . given a time ashore to think of his ignoring of the rules of the sea !',1
'fetch..',1
'because they are lying to you...there is no way in the world the dow should be at 13k   you know it...i know it...and the day after obama is re elected the dow is going to adjust...hard   i am strictly cash now, just waiting...cant call it a correction because the next big drop will be the new normal  that is what he wants   america will fail, he will make sure it does',1
'amen',1
'this could be a cold case!',1
'pelosi     --           she is the toxic waste... in wash dc...        clean air,  clean water ,    set an example give up your private jet..',1
'i agree whole heartedly wade, however, i don\'t know if there is funding for that "buy some brains" thing.  the other problem is, they don\'t make brains to fit minds that small!',1
'i didn\'t realize it was possible to make an accordian sound so much like violins.',1
'......damn you all, i told you so......       time to go back to live in my cave  (away from the humans).',1
'i simply do not remember a rash of nut-based allergy problems when i was in school. for that matter, i do not remember any news story of an outbreak since that time. overly cautious? probably so.     my daughter started kindergarten last year. before that she had been in a pre-school that had zero policy against peanut butter. even more, every wednesday, the pre-school served peanut butter and jelly. there was never an incident. now she is in a school that is quite strict on the policy. it can be a bit frustrating.    perhaps a better practice would be to evaluate the students upon registration and then develope policies based up the need or lack there of.',1
'yeah i can\'t stand that painted on look, it reminds me of clowns.',1
'actually her bike is a dutch bike used for small business pick ups, deliveries and individual shopping. these bikes are not cheap nor is shipping to this country. she has simply attached a second bike behind it. i do not see a problem with it - \'in her bike friendly city\'.        if you look at her children, they have very little time left as passengers. half of them will be on their own bikes in the next year or two. i would imagine she will get another car at that time and keep the bike for market runs. she is staying fit. i say "good on her"!',1
'ehhh ill stick with my car!!',1
'peanut allergies can be the most severe and deadly allergies on the face of the earth.  peanut dust in the air can send a child into anaphylactic shock.  what if the child who had the pb&j sandwich for lunch got some pb on his arm and didn\'t wash it off?  the child with the allergy touched his arm and went into anaphylactic shock and died?  and just fyi...the americans with disability act covers people with allergies.  that means that a person with a disability (aka: an allergy) is allowed to have the same environment that would keep them safe and not secluded from the rest of the school.  my daughter loves pb but when school time comes, she won\'t get food with any kind of nuts in it for her lunch.  why?  because i believe in keeping all kids safe.',1
'nice biceps.....even better grammas  under arms !!!!',0
'those kids would have to inject themselves daily if peanut based foods were allowed in the schools.',1
'no! i\'m afraid of heights',1
'my best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! they met via    === m_o_t_o_d_a_t_i_n_g === it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. if you are interested in it, just check it out. \'               ',0
'buffet should put his money where is his mouth. romney pay more than 15 % in federal taxes while buffet pay less than 11% , buffet is free to donate an extra 4 % to be like romney.  however he won\'t do that,  because buffet just an hypocrite  political driven ,who get benefit fron the obama\'s crony capitalism.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'the school\'s wellness committee is what needs to be banned. where do they find these idiots that run public schools. (1) you have schools that have 1/2 page of j.f.k. & 3 pages of marliyn monroe in history book. (2) you no longer use a,b,c,d,&f grades becaude it "might" hurt the students self esteem, (3) you ban soda and like from school vending machines, then complain because the company takes back all the money thay gave you foe the use of their product. (4) schools ban students from bringing their own lunch to school because the school says that the parents don\'t provide proper lunch for their kids. (5) schools "no gun" policy include student bring drawing to school of family brother serving for this county & another student bring in 3" high "g.i. joe" for show & tell also brother in military, & the schools suspend students. these are just but a few examples of idiots running our public schools when will common sense be required?.',1
'pursuant to my work i often see tax returns of other individuals and have this comment....instead of worrying how much the "rich " pay - how about focusing on those who don\'t pay "their fair share" and abuse the system that make the following possible:        actual example:  a woman filed a  tax return as head of household with two children, making $18,446.  she paid $1237.00 in federal taxes and received a refund of $6,861.00.  in actuality, she is married - to an illegal alien who works and lives in this country, who doesn\'t file a return and pays no income tax.       i am more disgusted with the above example, than making an issue of what percent the "rich" pay.  im tired of working two jobs, being a good citizen, paying taxes  - and seeing all the entitlements handed out to those that are not doing th',1
'obvious troll is obvious',1
'at 2 yrs old we give you a pass,if your over 3 no pass. this child  will  start a nudist  colony in the near furture i  hope to be a loyal member. good day (moonoverher)',1
'too many steelers fans.     end of story...    (just kidding...sort of)',1
'total tax should include state, county, city, school, garbage collection and the list goes on & on. let\'s not forget sales tax and the taxes passed on to through higher prices for food, fuel and clothing.',1
'eat your mama!',1
'thank you for a bit of light in a dark room.',1
'well i guess any good parent would sue the district into submission    what a bs deal   living in fear        starts wars   stupid people',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'too much "ta doo" about nothing important .',1
'sleeping. i have a 12-15 year old chihuahua who was a puppy mill breeder before i adopted her. she now has a heart issue so she enjoys sleeping a lot.       don\'t buy puppies from pet stores!!',1
'this guy has to be kidding !   raise retirement age so we take the burden off of our youth. how bout working on bringing jobs back to this country so the youth can start working and pay into social security . the burden is on the baby boomers right now.most youth have moved back in with us because they cant make on themselves',1
'sheep dog do you report everything on your taxes, how about change you find laying on the ground, that football bet you won, xmas or birthday money you received. the rich are paying more than their fair share. if they paid 99% of their income in taxes you would still be pissed off because they are rich and you are not',1
'this is sickening. celebrities should not be worshiped nor followed. they come and go just as presidents do.',1
'theduderific, are your for real? get your head out of the sand and be real.',1
'the union members did what the union told them to do. the only reason there was a tentative agreement was so the union bosses could have a saturday night party.',1
'hey why are we still asking the question are we better off. if anyone believes that if a rebublican was in office during 2008-2012 we wouldn\'t be in this situation then you believe the world is square. this all started during the bush era and whomever happens to be president after that time would be suffering the same fate reguardless of party. so people stop pointing fingers and less get this fix. it will take both parties to work together in order for things to change. fire\'\' all of those who dont\'t want this nation to be strong again because these are the ones who don\'t want change...',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via.........  ..  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'don"t like pelosi goodbye',1
'there must be hope that at some time calf will get the drift shes a insane nut job and replace her...       someone has got to come to their senses and replace her.......  god help the us citizens,',1
'it was painful to read.',1
'warren buffet is counting on the billionns  in bailouts and the trains to carry the oil, to make some fast $billions. of course he is for tax hikes. why cant the average joe comprehend?     the real 1%, the super class (the richest 1000 not millionaires)  that own the politicians wrote the tax code so they dont pay taxes and you do.',1
'absofreakinglutely!!  ​ !!!!!! --and a national registry at that!  let\'s do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!',1
'"i would much rather spend $550 to $600 a month that costs $45,000 than spend $550 a month for a civic or corolla that has a max retail price of $26,000 wouldnt you?"    forget it. i would never drive a gasoline electric anything; if it is not clean diesel, i do not want it. besides, the volt (actually it is the opel ampera) is an automatic-only vehicle. i would rather walk or bike than drive an automatic ever again. finally, the volt is a sedan instead of a station wagon: impractical. ditch.',1
'my son still pees in public but as long as he is still just in college i don\'t see any problem with it.  what with the binge drinking its hard to get to the john during a busy tailgait party.  we did however get our daughter to stop peeing in public when she was about 16 it seems she got alittle shy.  me and her mother still pee in public though its a great way to meet other guys for threesomes or other couples.',1
'my best friend, she just has announced her wedding with old biker! they meet via    ~~~ seekriders (dot com)~~~ a best place for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'going to the park for daily walks, looking for balls along his walk, and finishing with a few frisbee tosses. nuts for car rides. playing search & rescue, loves to play ball and frisbee.      he is "the man", soon to be 5 years old, med american long nose balck lab. oh, loves to swim and fetch anything thrown in the water.  we rescued him from north shore, in reality he resued us.  he is the best!!!!',1
'this person who picked these photos as the top ten best fall views has never been to iowa or minnesota . people come from all over to see the fall beauty. some of your photos can be seen anytime of the year.',1
'this is the overall problem with society in general.  we cater to the minority to make them feel better.  why should the other students have to suffer?  have those kids with nut allergies bring in their histamine blocker or epinephrine injectors.  pb&j is a staple to americana.  common sense should be too.',1
'the same old story: rich against poor, powerful against weak... why romney\'s wealth is so important now...? why was not important when kerry, clinton, carter, johnson and kennedy?  whom the senate represent?  get a freaking life...  everybody should pay tax:  no loopholes and exceptions  1% for $10,000 or less  2% for $20,000  3% for $30,000  and so on & so forth up to $1,000,000 over 1mil 15%  income from investment that create jobs 10%   investment that create wealth 25% ',1
'dog and cat urine is bad enough in public places.  it\'s more likely that diseases will spread among humans from the human sort, though.  i lived overseas in europe for a few years, and didn\'t notice any more public urination than in dc, for example.  i admit that some of the archways of public buildings like the old post office and the new old post office bldg. in dc were pretty putrid, but that was generallly from drunk tourists, students and the occasional mentally disturbed individual.       when i was a kid, none of us four had any problems finding appropriate places to go.  our parents carefully reminded us before we left the house, or any place with public facilities, that if we needed to go, or thought we might need to soon, should do so or be prepared to hold our pee.  they made a sort of joke of it, but we took their advice.  on very long car trips (back before the interstate highway system) we sometimes had to make do with a mason jar with a screw on lid ',1
'sounds like the liberal leader of the school might be into charles ng and leonard lake.',1
'the author has a very poor choice of "fall color".',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'pfft after deductions, which both parties want to take away, i pay 2.5% in federal taxes. and i do not make more than 49k a year.    it\'s the taxes i pay city, county and state that eat my lunch.  you get no break from those folks and you don\'t hear a one word about it...talk about growing gov\'t. it\'s your city, county and state gov\'t that are sucking the life out of your bank account.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'is it possible that the next sandwich to be banned would be tuna?  just because some people are allergic to nuts means all are forbidden to eat nut related products?  so i guess chocolate bars are out?  having allergies doesn\'t mean the end of the world.  certainly people wit allergies know what to avoid.  the schools wellness committee should perhaps evaluate their own criteria.',1
'i wonder what this bike would compare to a 1962 ford. you know .. eh hem big boats back then not little rinky dinky smart cars lol and with real weight and real chrome bumpers that are like idk 100 pounds each. i just lifted mine up earlier for bumper bracket replacement um those suckers were killing me and im buff.. i still feel safter in my car then on a bike. yes a car can hit you but whats worse to get hit by a car in a car or a car by a bike? um yeah we know this one...im taking my chances on the road-',1
'another bunch of clowns that think they\'re above the law. throw the book at them.',1
'what the pluck!',1
'dear beloved.   i am mrs.stella idibia from united state of america, i am married to late mr george idibia from cote d\'ivoire.having known my condition i decided to donate this fund $4.8 million us dollars to a church,organization or good person that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct herein. i want a church,organization or good person that will use this funds to help the church,orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.   god bless you and your family mrs.stella idibia thanks f_idibia@yahoo.com',1
'come on, guys.  stop being so critical.  every state has beautiful scenery, and yes, some are more colorful than others in the fall, but they are all lovely to look at....god\'s creation at it\'s finest.',1
'she should think about the expression, "don\'t pull all your eggs in one basket."',1
'i was in a hotel with your wife.  he didn\'t thnk to look there.',1
'shawn isn\'t wrong it is private.  non of people\'s business what you do.  and i\'m sorry i am not getting don\'t stop the truth?????  why are you bashing black people???',1
'maybe if you idiots stop surporting and rebuilding the 3rd world countries in the middle east and keep the billions of dollars in america you would"nt have to work your **** off till your 70 years old too retire. congress its time to take your heads out of your butts wake up and breathe some air! you make me sick!',1
'which is also the case with the gramm leach bliley act and tax reform act. both were crafted with boobytraps that hurt us if we abolish them. both acts were written by the republicans. phil gramm was hired by ubs bank after leaving congress.',1
'yes, downton abbey is on in the u. s.  in new england we view it on our pbs stations.  a good place to start, or google it for more information.  i love the show.',1
'more and more people are trading in the prius for the volt.  americans want good gas mileage but they dont want a terd that cannot get out of its own way.  as more people drive the prius for a few years the more people realize what a pile of crap car it is.  its a tin can.  there is no power, its a crappy ride, not stylish at all.  the only benefit is it gets good mileage, but most people do not actually get the numbers toyota claims on the window sticker.       i have heard claims of people saying they get 65 mpg and they drive 85 on the expressways but when you ask how they came up with that number they really cannot answer the question.  i know that my 98 sunfire gets 36 mpg average because i fill my tank full everytime and i divide the miles driven by the gallons filled up.  which is the only way to know exactly how many mpg you get and at 85 mpg a prius doesnt get above 40 mpg.',1
'the entire gay men molesting youngsters stories have gotten so much press time these days, it\'s just mindboggling. if they must, why don\'t they just do it to each other?... one might say... but, i think the sickness of those people are beyond what a normal person can understand. what a sad state of our society those stories tell us.  i hope all the victims find some peace and happiness after such unimaginable and terrible experience they had to suffer from such monsters that are not even human beings... i find them to be less than animals.',1
'hey repug, the difference is obama wants to raise taxes above 250g while robme wants to raise taxes below 250g.     we\'re not buying into trickle down economics (aka piss on ya), tax breaks to fund off shore tax evasion accounts, or any of the other repug bs anymore!      no way, no how!! got it!!',1
'her hair looks like bozo the clown!!!!',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'likin\' your discernment!! god bless.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'where are those kids father??????????????  ​ ??????????????',1
'yea oj, cause he didn`t do it but we`ll keep looking for that boogie man!! karma oj!!',1
'nancy dear...the reason obama is being "obstructed" is because we wholeheartedly object to socialism. even many democrats opposed to his agenda!!! he has not passed a budget in over 4 years...who voted against his proposed budget twice?...every single senator. i\'m fed up with the excuses...next!',1
'my best friend, she just has announced her wedding with old biker! they meet via    ~~~ seekriders (dot com)~~~ a best place for bikers find their romance love. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'trust mitt: your lying; trust the gop & paul ryan teawackers, mitt r. bain, citizens united and all the alec corps : that pays off the republicanpukes politicians. its all about the wealthy getting richer and all the middle class getting poorer.....they don\'t want to help the poor...who are the one\'s that leach off the taxpayer. the wealthy: they get welfare both for themselves an for the corps. ...but it seems that the wealthy get away with it ..they steal billions and the few poor steals a few thousands. so what does the gop want, is screw the middle class to get even with the few. as i say its the me me me and f everyone else.... the failures of the republicans party trying to take away ss & medicare & health care for woman so they can give their wealthy blackmailers more money...to hell with the poor and needy. let them freeze in the winter and stave the old and babies,let them die from bad water, do away with the epa and thats what you\'ll have, just like all you teawakers want...you make me sick with your me me me altitude. greedy and you all call yourself a real ah! morman. what a laugh: wake up...sounds like mitt!!!!!!fuss up your tax return: stop your lieing ryan:',1
'i\'d like to see michelle duggar do this!',1
'thank you fleck for once again reminding us that brilliant financial thinkers like you are so rare.  most people in the field have no clue what they are doing, they don\'t even know what to watch for.  fleck knows exactly what to watch for since he has a much much deeper understanding.   hey fleck, what is your hat size?  does anyone make head gear large enough to fit you?',1
'only if plucking them bare and then painting spock brows on counts.',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'hey, if this guy was retiring, he deserves social security.  it\'s all that a lot of people have since most people live paycheck to paycheck and can\'t save a lot of money for retirement.  my dad worked hard all his life and he was lucky that his job offered stock options and it was a private company so the stocks went up.  but the money he got was just enough to pay off our house.  and he got a small inheritence when my grandmother died and that paid off his truck (which i later wrecked when i fell asleep driving).  he still has to work part time to make ends meet.  that\'s what most of middle class america has to do.       and some people can\'t work and have to go on disability.  my friend is one of those people.  he\'s a navy vet with mental health issues.  he utilizes the va too.  does he not deserve either of those?  and getting disability is notoriously difficult and he got it within two weeks!  i\'ve applied twice and it took them 1 1/2 yrs to tell me no the first time and',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'if you like color, try going on old route 30 in ohio near the pennsylvania border. it is quite beautiful!! all the reds, oranges, and yellows contrast against the bright fall sky.',1
'urine is sterile until it leaves and then should be put in the category of radioactive waste!',1
'it is why the rich get richer and middle class get poorer. if you think any politician really cares about you if you are not in his pay class. think twice.',1
'ne less piece of trash to listen too',1
'all women should walk around bare~ssaed!',1
'to everyone saying they haven\'t watched these shows so they must not be worth watching, why don\'t ya get netflix and watch the first 2 episodes of breaking bad.  you\'ll be hooked.  easily the best writing, directing, and acting i\'ve seen in a tv show and just about any movie.  cranston is absolutely brilliant!  watch it and see why this show will be missed.',1
'no',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'no.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'if there is a nut ban then why are the administrators still there?',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'fred, you obviously have zero clue to what you are talking about regarding the hunt brothers.  open a book and read about it.  greed had nothing to do with their downfall.',1
'ohhhh no!!! my favorite show on tv!! this makes me sad. awww :(',1
'but did they both phuq him?',1
'it isn\'t a matter of being offended, it is a matter of life and death for these children.  is it really that important to you that your child eat a peanut butter sandwich at school that you are willing to risk the life of another?       children are not always allowed to keep an epi-pin on their person at school.  some schools mandate that the school nurse keep the pen.  one child recently died when the school did not have an epi-pen with that childs name on  it.  instead of using anothers, they let the child die.  that\'s crazy.     you\'re correct, "this country is turning into a joke" when we become so selfish that we lose prospective and are willing to allow a child to die just because we have a hankering for a peanut butter sandwich.',1
'this is not a political attack - the bigger question is what on earth is wrong with men?  the men of the church, schools, now boy scouts.  is this dispicable behavior just something men think is ok?  is it the dirtly little secret that all men know and accept?  or is it as with rape of women not a sexual thing at all but a power and anger abuse?  why do these groups think it\'s ok to hide each other from facing the legal system for doing this?  and hiding each other from the light of day?',1
'omg!  that was so funny!  my youngest son has the craziest dreams!  i\'d love to see one of his done!',1
'idiot. it\'s not the percentage, it\'s the dollars. why should someone pay more because they work harder? romney has paid more than you will ever earn. he pays your way. is that really fair?',1
'msn you had this same story awhile, get something new, will ya!',1
'same reason that you see them at the beach and trolling school play grounds.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'line 61 on the 1040 form is the federal income tax withheld not the amount of taxes someone paid.  the calculation to determine your effective tax rate should be based on line 60, the amount of tax owed based on your agi.       come on liz, you can do better than that!',1
'don\'t know what the overall problem is, but don\'t really think it has anything, actually pretty sure it has nothing to do with obama...     if i was 6 years with out a job at 40...i would be getting the hell out of florida, off my dead ****, move and go get a job somewhere else...     in my whole life of working over 40 years, until i retired; i was laid off one time for 6 weeks and drew unemployment for 2 weeks of it...  times were tough over those 40 plus years, but i was never without a job, for more the 15-30 days, except that lay-off....i wanted to work.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ( ā_g_ē_l_0_v_è_r_`is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'how cute!  i sure hope this little found his mommy & all is well - it almost looks like he was going to the stranger for help!',1
'all of us are told to save for the day when we no longer work. i do this and choose not to invest in the stock market. a 401k vanguard roth  savings that is pretaxed.  my only goal with this is to pay off my home which i bought in 2008.  the days of being a millionaire at retirement don\'t mean much. the goal for me is just having no debt when the time comes for me. social programs are fading out and going the way of the do do bird. our government is making sure of this with groups like "alec".',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'no, and i would\'t want my husband\'s arms to look like that, either.  seriously, unbalanced development serves no purpose.  unless you count getting a place in a record book, but what about hair combing and other functional necessities?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_l_0_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'ya, the poor guy has to scape by with only a meager $17+ million annually. i\'m sure there are so many paying a higher % tax rate that are so happy to see that he got a break so he can get by on that measly sum...',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to    treat their romantic partner.   here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her    romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during    the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【 nudistpartner 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'wiener has a "crack" problem. lol! the problem won\'t exist anymore when californication tumbles into the sea!',1
'my best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! they met via    === m_o_t_o_d_a_t_i_n_g === it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'that\'s a load of bs man. my wife and i are raising a family of 4, meeting all of our payments with extra for savings every month on $56,000. it\'s called living within your means. learn to do it.',1
'you never know what will happen next.',1
'hi lasty! how are you today!',1
'why won\'t msn publishers, and  the evil and sinful gays just accept the fact that the boy scouts aren\'t going to let them in their private organization, it has gone to the supreme court already and the gay perverts lost.  if they want to get a list of pedophiles and perverts they can just simply go to their local gay bar, and find about 99 percent of them all together in the same place!!!  the boy scouts is a private club, they don\'t want to admit gay perverts/pedophiles,  ​ ​​ deal with it and get on with you life gay people, everybody is sick of hearing you cry non stop!  most people would just go form their own private gay scout club, but the gays apparently can\'t do that, all they can do is keep whining to the public non stop like anybody cares!!!!  i guess the real reason the gays can\'t do their own gay boy scouts is because nobody would want to join!',0
'keep posting to reinforce your ignorance and self esteem. both of you are prime examples of exactly the kind of hypocrites i speak of.',1
'sleeping on the couch - he can\'t get enough of it.',1
'yea obama is a screwy driver, driving this country into a sinkhole!!! (what dept?)',1
'he only pays 14% because it\'s all dividends jack***.  hence, why he reported no income, therefore he doesn\'t pay any payroll taxes.',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'so, in other words, having friends of the same sex that you hang out with means you\'re homosexual. ok.  a v-neck is just a v-neck, it means nothing. if they are worried about anything, worry about  the sagging pants...',1
'i am retired and my wife still works as an rn., we pay over 18% federal taxes .  we  pay over 14% in state and county taxes. we are in the 47% who pay taxes so the 53% of freeloaders can live as well as us.',1
'beautiful drives in the northeast and the western states - what about the midwest?  wisconsin is beautiful in the fall.',1
'i doubt that is what people mean. your hysteria just harms your cause. shall a diabetic child have the final say as to whether carbohydrates shall be eaten? must insects be totally screened from anyplace a child allergic to stings may be? fish? shellfish? other legumes/nuts? eggs? chocolate? it is not the fault of the vast majority that a few have allergies. alls banning allergens from school does is inculcate the idea that the world is responsible for the safety and health of the individual. good luck with that. i would never advocate the purposeful affliction of an allergen on an allergic person. i would also never hold the world responsible for my health.',1
'i am a den mother and worry constantly about the boys. we try to teach the boys what is right and wrong, and how to say no. the screening process, while as thorough as possible, may not catch all sex offenders, especially if they have not been caught yet. i\'m pretty sure the screening process that is used today (i.e. background checks) was not used even 10 years ago. most of us are in it for the boys, whether we are men or women. please do not judge all of us by the few who manage to slip through. and, no, i do not agree with the cover-ups with the scouts or any other organization.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'nick, re: "tinnitus"  i\'m not sure that this is quite the extent of damage that you think it is, though i\'m no medical expert and you should watch it for further problems.  in the states, for instance, men who went to war in the 20th century frequently had massive hearing loss in what was known in the popular lexicon as "the gun shot range." [no pun intended].  i most certainly defer to cam on this.  however, i can say that i know/knew plenty of men [explicit note- not "women"] who went off to war with a rosy hue to their cheeks and came back very sullen and withdrawn.  some of it was what they saw, i\'m sure, but imagine for an instant that your \'secret dream\' was to be a musician.  that dream was ended before you were even 21.     further note to non-american english speakers:  yes, of course i know that the proper form is "one" and not "you" but the former is stuffy and weedy sounding.  english is one of the great pidgin languages in human history; what plays the hand one\'s dealt :-)  ',1
'so, what if say, the kid with the pb&j sat next to a kid with a peanut allergy and touched his/her hand and got a small amt of peanut butter on his/her hand and he/she put his/her hand in his/her mouth while eating something else. this could kill the child allergic to peanuts.      a kid a couple cities over from me died last year because of this very problem. our school doesn\'t have a ban, but maybe it should.      and no, my kid does not have allergies like this. she used to break out with ranch dressing and grape jelly but outgew it though.',1
'its got to be cheaper than car,ins, etc.',1
'cute cub, but very dangerous situation if the mother bear was around-they would attack and not think twice-',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'they only care about their pockets these teachers should all be fired then they will care when there out of a job',1
'zip your lip before you break your hip, old man river.',1
'get real.  just because you can\'t do it should not prevent me from doing it regarding diet. there are so many alergies such as bannas, coconut, peanuts etc. that if you ban all substances there would not be anything to eat. the ban is supposed to be regarding the school prepared meals that are served to the kids. here is a suggestion.  since you have special schools for the needs of people such as the slow learners or the trouble makers where they are in an atmosphere where they can learn.  why not put the special need students, and those requiring or prevented from eating certain things, who are certainly special need students, in a school to cater to their needs? the law says you can\'t discriminate.  this is not discrimination, but just the opposite of going the extra step to insure the safety of the student. they are not segregating them by race. creed, sex, religion or any of the other cirteria for lawsuit of the frivilous. you are not denying them an education or intentionally  putting them in an inferior school. sorry, the quality of all schools is not the same.  you have magnet schols that excell in certian courses which are better than other schools which do not stress thos',1
'this is the new "playing to the base" of the gop. especially the southern gop. the anti-intellectualism  ​  of the southerner has been well documented. they don\'t mind you having a degree. look at gingrich, after all. the important thing is that, despite getting the degree, you really didn\'t learn anything. it\'s all the "gall-durned book lernin\' whats makin this contry go wrong." just being well educated, speaking properly, pronouncing the g at the end of a gerund (or knowing what a gerund is for that matter) is enough to have you labeled a gun hatin\' abortion havin\' gay lovin\' god denyin\' liberal who wants america to lose. the only thing they hate more than one of those is having an uppity you - know - what in the white house. the color of obama\'s skin is the only thing that could them vote for a yankee mormon.',1
'you get the big thumbs down due to your unbelievable over generalization.',1
'people that just drop off their kids with them might think twice now.',1
'stupid liberals!!',1
'are you as ignorant as you sound??  nobody should be harrassed on the job, no matter what the profession. what are you anyway, a truck driver?',1
'heck no. it just screams loser.',1
'were the financial markets ever a value market? the markets seem to be more speculative than what the value of the company or commodity is. as a result greed runs the show. commodity prices become overvalued and people die not because there is not enough food but because it cost too much. maybe that\'s why they say it\'s harder for a rich man to get into heaven, or a speculator?',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'when nuts are outlawed, only outlaws will have nuts!',0
'i am allergic to the clothes pretty young female teachers wear.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'if buffet feels so strongly about this he should send in another 10%.',1
'@ truthinspending, it\'s simple, because people buy & sell gold for a living also or on the side so they can buy and sell more gold/silver in the future. because of the fluctuation of the prices of it one can make a pretty penny just sitting on it and then turning around and making a profit off it in a week or two. if gold went up one day like it did last week almost $80 an ounce and if you have 1,000 ounces to sell how much money would you have made? (minus transactions fees of coarse) get the point? your turn right back around and buy and sell more of it.',1
'great god bless you my child blessings to you uncle',1
'if "everybody knows" the outcome of the election, is she saying she knows it\'s rigged?  right now, i\'m so disgusted with both parties i don\'t even know who i\'m going to vote for.',1
'it really does look like he is wearing a collar but its a white stripe. i googled russian bear cubs and there were other cubs with white stripes.',1
'pubic nudity!??? great! i love the idea, but i am not ignorant of the perverts that it will bring out.',1
'lets return to the law, and logic.  how did msn get this private data?  it must have been through illegal means.  therefore, any conclusions that anyone makes from that data has no merit.  trying to justify this through any moralizing doesn\'t hold water.',1
'so you are using the name, "imajesusfreak" and you are glad that someone died? yes, it may not be the lyrics that i care for, but come on. these people have relatives who are grieving right now. way to be sensitive in this tragic moment.      i will agree that people (especially teens) are using yolo to do incredibly stupid things, but i am sad for the families.',1
'they actually have a bill in congress that is called the flat tax bill. it cuts out all payroll tax and everyone would have to pay 23% in taxes on everything they buy. i would go for something like that if they pass it. in my area we are already paying 10% sales tax.',1
'i love seeing all you bible thumpers hiding behind god, hiding so you have something to blame your true hatred for another human being. your just a coward and i think your absolutely retarted comment is hilarious. yes, lets put you in charge. the guy who thinks shipping all of us gays to mexico is a smart idea. let\'s try to understand this, you want to ship all gays to the bottom of the u.s. but keep all the mass murderes, the theifs, the rapists, drug dealers and gangs here to continue killing people and doing wrong in our nation. hmmmmmmm.....i think you are on to something.....you idiot!!!!!!!!',1
'a lesson for us all. be happy with all that we have instead of what we don\'t have.',1
'homosexuality is an unholy practice.  it is disgusting to even speak about the things they do with their bodies;  they should never be practiced by anyone.  anyone who does such things is an unholy person, and the wrath of god abides on them and the nation who supports them.  that is why we have all this misery in the usa, tornados, hurricanes, psycho killers, mass murders, terrorists etc.  and it will only get worse, as long as the gov\'t supports unholy practices, and denies rights to decent christian people.',1
'my problem is with those 41% who do not pay tax. a flat tax across the board with no deductibles is the only fair way.',1
'sigh',1
'it depends on whether or not the school is tax-supported.  if it isn\'t then i think anyone may be banned for whatever reason and if it is,  well, discrimination laws have to be obeyed.  anyway, the principal went the right route in dropping the course entirely and the rest is up to the school administration.',1
'secret and sacred are often confused in this argument my body is not a secret every normal male has one with the same features but it is sacred to me and the one i love, because i choose to keep it not secret or ashamed but sacred for one and not all to see, elevates our love for one another inherantly by our choice to do so. reverse the scenario and you will also reverse the consequences.',1
'i live in brazil, so i\'m not worried about this, but it is scary...',1
'here\'s the truth about the conservatives:  please focus on the last sentence.     conservatives and liberals may have one less thing in common: neurology.   has gathered 13 peer-reviewed studies of behavioral and neurological studies and come to the conclusion that differences between republicans and democrats are more than skin-deep.  “basically, the different sides have been yelling at each other for millennia, and we’re trying to figure out what could be the root cause of this,” said steven markoff, procon.org’s founder.  the studies looked at things like differences between groups’ perception of eye movement, and aversion to threatening noises. researchers also noted that democrats had larger anterior cingulate cortexes, which are associated with tolerance to uncertainty, while republicans had larger right amygdalas, which are associated with sensitivity to fear. ',0
'all the time i spent in school, never heard of a peanut allergy.  guess the kids from the 50\'s were immune to peanuts.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'most people don\'t realize that the money these people spend to invest in the stock market is money already earned (and paid taxes on).  they have no guarantee to make money off their investments and may even lose their investment but when they make money the government and liberals want a bigger share.  people investing money into the stock market help keep it stimulated which helps most average joes 401k accounts to keep increasing instead of tanking like in 08-09.  what will be the next step for the fed...  increase taxes people make by putting money into saving accounts and earning interest?',1
'this chart is misleading.  the chart only considers w-2 income and does not consider tax shelters.  the goal of rich people is to move away from w-2 & business income and toward investment income.  the truly rich (and truly rich is much higher than this chart goes) make most of their money as investment income (money making money).  investment income is taxed at a much lower rate.  this is the type of income that the president is speaking of taxing higher.  did you reall think that taxation was simple enough to document on a three column chart?!?!?  get real!!  also, vote according to your own interest.  don\'t be fooled into voting in support of ideas that serve only a small segment of the population.  the rich will still be rich, after paying a few dollars more.  however, the middle class could be severly hurt, by having to pay more.',1
'i have a friend whose doctor kept telling her she need to gain some weight and she never could until after menopause.  she\'s happy now, and so is her doctor.  i gather this woman\'s condition is different, but i wonder if there\'s a plastic surgeon willing to try injecting fat cells to see if they will take hold.  i\'m not thinking in terms of appearance --other than being painfully thin and apparently needing medical attention for one eye, i don\'t see anything unusual about her appearance.  i do worry that if  she becomes ill, having no reserves, her condition could become life-threatening.  as for the internet jerks -- if they want to see ugly they should take a good long look at themselves in the mirror and think about the kind of people willing to associate such bitterness, hatred and unkindness.  i would expect that they\'re pretty lonely and their so-called friends are just as willing to turn on them.',0
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'this photo has absolutely nothing to do with autumn!',1
'dr. drew is being kind; ugly is to the bone.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'did jesus ask you to post that?  i am looking in my bible and i don\'t see anything about what you said....oh here it is...  "ye have heard that it hath been said, thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.  but i say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you"       that must be what you read, right?',1
'and that is why europe smells like a piss house.',1
'well it\'s good to know that it gets better. i don\'t want to be the \'embarrassing mom\'.',1
'your right. vermont isnt even on the list. i live in  up state ny off from rt 4 and rt 22 and i\'ll always travel to rutland via rt4 just to see the color. it\'s sad that vermont isnt even seen here on the list of top 10.',1
'they should have known some idiot would take kids having fun and twist it into some bizarre socio-political statement type thing.   worst part is the crazies that have a problem with this don\'t have a clue that they are the problem.',1
'i have always loved watching mandy because i believe he is a fine actor, however, i do not understand how he was surprised at the violence in the show. just look at the name \'criminal minds\'. how could that not clue a person into the violent content of a show?',1
'try asking the government to actually give you honest facts. no way they all lie and cover for each other. the america way.',1
'it would have been nice if some of the names of the trees were given, especially the ones with orange leaves.  beautiful!',1
'tnicole  actually viet nam was started in ww2 when roosavelt promised our allies in burma no colonization after the war is over, the french colonies, the leader in this area supported us on this premise later became ho chi minh turned to comunism as an allie to get rid of the french government we the, us, turned our back on an allie that helped us defeat the japanese so we could please the french degaulle who wouldnt even tell the vichy not to fight against us in the invasion of normandy this is where the war in viet nam for us started',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'smart people?  you might want to choose another name.',1
'that seems rather disingenuous to me. what could be more violent than a program about terrorism, and, the united states\' attempt to spread democracy around the world, whether the subject country wants it or not. i thought patinkin was very good in his role on criminal minds, but, after reading his comments, i am less of a fan than i once was.',1
'very simple fact that everyone, including warren buffet should learn. there is nothing, absolutely nothing in us law preventing you from paying additional taxes. if you want to pay more, the go right ahead and do it!',1
'if bill wasn\'t getting ****s, maybe we wouldn\'t be where we are now. too bad bin wasn\'t giving ****s. maybe bill would have paid attention to him.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'looked like he had a collar on, because if he was wild his mother would have run up and slaughtered them all. he\'s a very cute little guy however.',0
'what happend to the blue ridge and smoky mountains??',1
'let\' just make retirement age 101. thanks suckers. enjoy your golden years.',1
'rick santorum is plain stupid! the gop is stupid!!!one brialliant exception--jon huntsman. he\'s much too intelligent of this group fo morons.',1
'too be even more inappropriate, sounds like operation miranda.  (yeah, i had to google it and so might you.)',1
'you are a liar you would not hug her everyday and say shes anything. even if you did you would not mean it deep down inside.',1
'in the only year i know about the saudi royal family made 250 billion off our rigged market. what do they pay other than bribes for early inside information? the emir of kuwait has several hundred billion in that same market. is this why we spend billions defending these two absolute dictators?      the capital ganis tax where most giant money is made is only 15%. it should be doubled immediately; but, romney and others want to eliminate this tax. this makes good sense if you are a wall street billionaire.',1
'if everyone were as awesome as this mom and we all rode bikes then we wouldn\'t have to worry about car accidents!  i love living in portland, bike commuting (everywhere, rain or shine), and i love this mom!',1
'god bless you jack - you are one amazing, awe inspiring dog!',1
'i was just thinking that....they need to make the blocks smaller, so instead of only being able to do 8 bit graphics they could do 32 bit, and make much cooler stuff......hopefully  ​  this is only the beggining.',1
'the metal etfs were created by the wall street banks for a diabolical purpose. buying an etf steers investment money away from the mining stocks and the physical metals themselves, that is what they want. they want to starve the miners of equity, and keep physical metal demand out of your safe, and into the comex, where they can manipulate it. never buy an etf! either take personal possession of the metal yourself, or buy mining shares of stock {and demand the paper certificate from your broker}.',1
'i live in new york and pray they do this. animals abusers suck. no regard for life..',1
'you do not have a very good grasp on recent histoy (past 12 years) do you?   everything you claim happened under bush.',1
'and the molesters are gay, who\'d have thought?',1
'hey i like gay hairdressers.  they are the best.  and the really do make me laugh so that can\'t be a bad thing.',1
'i don\'t see the weeds, but when i see the comment, i want to see this film. i like the weeds too.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'fannie mae and freddie mac where deregulated during the clinton administration. the dems believed it was everyone\'s god given right to be able to own a home regardless of their ability to pay for it or not. the deregulation of the gses (fannie and freddie) was the main cause of the great recession. the looser regulations led to the subprime mortgage industry. unfortunately we have too many people in this country who have problems managing their finances. always mortgaged to the hilt so they can impress everyone with their big house they can\'t really afford, their new fancy cars and all of their toys. not saying that if you own nice things that you can\'t afford them a lot of people can. their where a lot of people who couldn\'t though. everyone is always quick to blame it on bush. he warned congress numerous times during his administration to tighten regulations on fannie and freddie. alan greenspan warned congress as well. even clinton himself warned congress to tighten the regulations on the gses (). barney frank, harry reid and many other democratic senators and congress(wo)men stood in the way. every time tightening regulations on the gses was brought up they stood in the way. no',1
'the bible !',0
'btw neugorgoslists derr i dont like spelling stupid made up jobs are over paid as it is. make the health care field take pay cuts like nasa and the military. need more health care for free obama care? then there ya go-',1
'i think the fatheads making crappy comments about her need to go jump in a lake powered by a frayed electrical cord.    this lady is inspirational to everyone, and if we would hear her message we could learn a lot and, if we let ourselves, become better people.    i agree, people are going to stare, but she doesn\'t seem to mind that anymore - i\'m sure she would have to be used to it if she\'s had this illness all her life.  i know i personally wouldn\'t stare.  i\'ve been to walmart.  i\'ve seen worse.',1
'oh man i knew it!..is she an inside trader?',1
'homo\'s....',1
'california....the land of fruits and nuts.  and, no, i haven\'t.  i have too much respect for myself, others, and god.',1
'why would he want fiat money for his gold?  that\'s just stupid.  also, he actually made more than he claimed, but doesn\'t even realize it.   not only did the price of his gold/oz rise since 1985, but the value of the dollar significantly dropped.  his gold retained it\'s value as well as appreciated.  gold preserved his wealth.',1
'i will also add that if you look at the school system right now stats will show that it\'s more and more women who are molesting boys then men molesting girls is trailing.......my point being is your obviously homophobic from reading a number of your post........so i already know that no amount of enlightenment will ever change your opinion, the answer could be directly in front of you and you would choose to ignore it most likely.       in my opinion trash is trash, you can no longer apply a label to a certain gender or ethnicity or level of living. there is good and bad, it\'s that simple. what people believe to be true despite the evidence is another issue.',1
'spearfish canyon in spearfish, south dakota is another great drive or bike ride.  30 miles of pure gods hand at work!',1
'this is for kayli, he is muslim and i know him very well, he is an egyptian man. this is first. secondly, he will never be an atheist. you are deceiving yourselves and don\'t want to follow the right, although you can see lots and lots of facts for being the only god.  third, yes i would be quite honest with you that each female likes a male and a male likes a female this is humanity  nature on which our god created us.  however, in our societies,  a man marries a woman and there is no a girlfriend nor boyfriend as it exists with you. you have been deceiving yourself and only like  women to achieve your lusts. and unfortunately women are fools to believe your tricks. so, you are like animal, each male can **** with any women regardless of whether she is married with him or not. as a result, there are many children without father and mother. and women without symptoms.    ',1
'pelosi is like a two year old with a loaded gun, just strong enough to pick it up and pull the trigger but she has no sense about the danger she is to others in the room.  i am a staunch believer in the right to bear arms   but  please someone in california take the gun away from her.',1
'god loves gays maybe you should read his word the answers you seek are not in closing buildings or in hating others the answers can only be found in love.',1
'dude, you\'re dreaming.  seniors may have lots of experience, but also reduced drive, energy, short-term memory problems and tend to be out of date in their field.  learning new technology is largely out of the picture because new information cannot be retained well by most seniors.',1
'it is no ones business who and why women pluck their eye brows .   it is called personal choice .  even gay guys pluck the brows .',1
'and what\'s the downside here?  oh, yeah, it\'s a damn shame about that car! they should start building reinforced concrete walls at every t intersection with a target bullseye painted on it, aka rappers aim here!',1
'they should just release a second add where god decides to "create" dr. pepper...or maybe adam didnt eat an apple, he drank gods dr. pepper, and god got mad and turned his back on man because adam drank his dr. pepper.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'<sarcasm>yay; seperate but equal is making a comeback. </sarcams>',1
'yes, it is very possible, just unlikely. fish could have been caught to eat, water obtained by making a solar still...food or no food, the water is the most important piece to survival...& the shark didn\'t bump him to say - "hey buddy, there\'s a boat right over here...", he was checking his boat out to see if it was worth eating, & caught scent of the fishing boat & went there. the guy is just lucky he paid attention....and the cigarette? you don\'t smoke, obviously!',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'pedophiles like children, some male some female. but its the youth that they want. pedophiles dont want sex with other adults. gay people dont look for sex with kids, because they are not pedophiles.      are you suggesting the pedophiles who like little girls are okay? and its only the ones who like little boys that are the problem, because they dont want the opposite sex?     none of you responders have a clue. the subject has been studied to death. homosexuality and pedophilia are entirely different. perhaps if you had education outside babble class you might know something.',1
'poor peanut butter and jelly, liberals are attacking it because a small minority of people have allergies, and they say it is racist because it symbolizes priveledged white kids, peanut butter and jelly should be running for president. then they might think they have a good reason to demonize it',1
'yes why not. u know why bez ur sister will be with my wife so i will let her see the sheep hotdog and u will show ur hotdog for my wife..  thats will be great if u do that.. really u are so good guy.',1
'go eat your mama.',1
'my complaint is that  if you are an american citizin you pay taxes every way you go.and get nothing back. those who come over from countrys like india, and the muslam countrys and are not a citizan, our goverment gives them  money to start and buy business\'s and they do not have to pay back one cent. they are taking over the convenient stores, hotels, doctors grocery chanes such as red and whiteand  iga. free money to do this and pay no taxes. where does this money come from my and your hard earned money. other countrys are buying up america a small piece at a time with our own money and we sit back and support them by doing business with them, while our own citizans can\'t find work.  shame on us americans',1
'people used to plan for retirement with the 3 pronged leg of income, s.s., savings and investments.  they could calculate their lifesytle from those 3, taking interest earned on their investments...so they had a safety net for inflation and the chance to leave principal investments to their heirs.   that has all changed. now, you must figure how much and how long your investment (401k) will last before depleted in principal and then the house gets sold or is left for the heirs.  quit calling s.s. an entitlement. the government took the funds, spent it on promises to everyone for everything and now it is time to pay it back. that will mean that government employees in the house and senate and executive branch will have to work for free to honor their promises. this problem was caused by them and we will have them pay the piper for their institutional blunders. they ( government officials) have a lesson to learn, not the prople who played by mandated rules.',1
'no great loss.',1
'thanks, mr. absurde, thanks........',1
'i hope she\'s right.',1
'2 yrold boy can\'t pee on light pole, but two little girls can sit naked on potties in a restaraunt???? wth??',1
'sorry twat, did i hurt you itty bitty commie feelings?.....suck on it...yuk yuk.',0
'if you must counter-troll, try not to be so f-ing obvious about it. nobody is that stupid, and you really make it show.',1
'i say we all piss on the cops when we see the pigs on the street!',0
'my local school has the same ban. why is it that over 300 students are "peanut"alized for one student\'s health problem. i understand the seriousness of the allergy but why put your child at any risk in the first place, another option is to home school them. unless you don\'t want to inconvience yourself but that of 300 other students.',1
'totally a downton fan... and getting so hyped about the upcoming season!  i just wished it would air sooner in the u.s.  i feel like the brits just looooove teasing us yanks, ya know what i mean?  and i would take maggie smith over shirley maclaine any day... both golden, but the british accent just takes the cake.  and the fact that i love crotchety old ladies who think they\'re better than everyone else. ;)',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'who cares',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== νùdìštρārtne == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'yum yummy!',1
'what happen to pennsylvania we have some of the most beautiful fall foliage there is the susquehanna valley and surrounding mountains are gorgeous!',1
'and the banks are getting 0% on money from our federal government. are banks greedy or is the federal government stupid?',1
'its not the water that\'s a problem, its the depth  or amount of water in a fixed volume that\'s the problem.',1
'i read your comment and pictured a rv traveling along the road in the first picture above. if i had the money, i would travel in an rv to all of the states(mainland usa) throughout the country. that would be a lot of fun. when i was employed, i just did not have the time, now that i am unemployed, i just don\'t have the money. when you are able to have both the time and money, you are able to enjoy life to the fullest. in any case, these scenes are therapeutic for someone who lives in a city like myself.',1
'my money is on it being the cub of a captive performing bear. lot\'s of those in the east. you know the ones with the rings through their noses?',1
'hilarious pay off debt while this government runs up debt too funny!!!!',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'i do not think any of you understand the severity of the reaction to nuts? this could kill them. is it really so hard to just not have peanuts at school. are we that heartless that we don\'t care if we kill another child because my child has to have peanuts? do you realize that just the smell or touch from another child with peanut on their hands could trigger the reaction! even if the residue is on the table and they touch it they will react. i think you are all being shelfish and heartless! it is not that big a deal to send something else for lunch and save the peanuts for at home. really? you don\'t care if they go into shock and possibly die! really!',1
'good job, see ya in 8 year\'s',1
'i heard that keith urban just quit his gig as a judge on the voice australia, so he has some experience. i think they need four judges to kill time because they want to keep the 2-hour episodes. nicki probably took the job for the money. she\'s probably getting ripped off by her record label, so this gig is outside their grip. randy probably wouldn\'t stop crying, so they gave him his job back.',1
'omg she\'s fugly!',1
'what this fails to take into account is that no matter how much you send them, no matter how fast you send it to them they find a way to "lose" it to the interest and never the principal, i\'ve been paying on an 11,000 debt for six years< and can\'t make a dent in it, i\'ve sent seperate checks, extra payments, phoned them - they pretend they don\'t know what you\'re talking about when you try to pry from them how on earth to make a payment plan towards the principal, i\'ve paid my debt and quite a bit more, and before it\'s over thanks to their creative financing, by the time i die they will have collected tens of thousands from me- which i have to pay to keep it out of collections so they don\'t make my life miserable and i can\'t write off in bankruptcy, i suspect there are sallie mae collection agents at the gates of heaven~ they never let you out once you jump into this awful game of theirs, ever. i shudder to think about the poor people that owe more than i do- i\'ve forbidden my children from taking out loans, i\'d sell body parts to help them go to college before i\'d sell their souls to the devil of student loans.',1
'you are an a$$!!!',1
'how about that...the rich actually do pay their fair share (and then some).  who knew????',1
'i don\'t want anything to do with a burning man.  i\'ll take a hot woman any day.',1
'you\'re such a juvenile.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_0_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'did you read the article? did it not say that investment income is taxed at a much lower rate? don\'t call someone a liar because you fail to read, comprehend and infer from what you read.',1
'i have a better idea.  get rid of the dependant exemptions/deduction  ​ s so that people using more services (schools etc) pay accordingly.  stop penalizing people for responsibly choosing not to have children.     if you take away my mortgage deduction -- i\'m going to start claiming the children i\'ve been indirectly supporting my entire adult life.  by the way, my issue is not with low income families.  it\'s people like mitt and his 5 kids or the duggers and their 19 who, while having the income, force others to subsidize their breeding.',1
'the problem is the wallstreet "big boys" have fundamentally rigged the game...        the average investor with  "td ameritrade stock analyzer software" doesn\'t stand a chance against the institutuions with their insider information and networks, etc.',1
'why is that even a question?  they are not animals......or are they?',1
'drool',1
'the only nuts here are those in charge, i dont like public schools theyre not worthy to babysit let alone teach.',1
'why is mike meyers the pic in this article? lol!',1
'totally wacko!!!!!!!!  if the school wants to ban peanut products in the school cafeteria and snack machines installed there ,so be it. but< definetely not a lunch brought from home that mom made with loving hands and her own careful preparation for the childs health. there are a lot of parents that dont even think to make a lunch, here kid, take a couple bucks and get some snacks out of machine!,yeah rigt..... this school is nuts.',1
'nobody wants to see this guys old balls.',1
'my best friend , she just has announced her wedding with a biker old man! they met via    === m_o_t_o_d_a_t_i_n_g === it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. if you are interested in it, just check it out.               ',0
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'ding ding ding winner winner winner!       there\'s your proof, keep the homos out of the scouts. there is a history of it being a problem.',1
'as a woman i would never participate in something such as this. as a hunter i can\'t see the point in framing it such that men are the hunters and women the prey. it makes no sense. perhaps they meant it in fun and games, but that\'s not how it came across. the fact that they gave the hunter role to men and the prey to women is the point that i\'m concerned about.',1
'awesome .. would not mind wishing on a star, with her watching .. cutie pie',1
'motodating  is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'and yet the us has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.     frank, your post has a lot of holes called facts.  pigs, pure evil.  funny how the minimum wage in haiti is 30 cents/hr which is what they get paid.   at least they are not shipping jobs off to china.',1
'ha, ha, corny, but hey who am i to judge? it can be awesome and corny at the same time ;)     that\'s so awesome',1
'congratulations to the scouts!  i vote for the gays to have their own group and beliefs too! then we all join what we want to join.  why do liberals want us to include everyone in everything except when it may cost them a vote or two?',1
'again, i call bullstuff. what you pay in over the year is not your tax rate, do the math again after you take all the deductions, adjustments, credits and exemptions. your actual tax rate after adjustments is probably closer to 6%. if you get a refund you aren\'t paying 26%. federal tax rates are basically uniform across the county, you may pay higher state income taxes, but we are talking federal taxes here. if you ar epaying that much in federal taxes, you need a new tax preparer.',1
'interest income is taxed at a lower percentage because the investor can lose it all. also when you invest you help the economy by creating jobs. the lower rate gives individuals the incentive to help others by risking their money. that is not the case with wages. when investors lose  money there is no outcry from the public to help them out. so why the outcry when they make money? if you want the same deal why not just grow a pair and risk your own money? the lower rate for investors is only common sense. instead of promoting more theivery through higher taxes how about putting the focus where it really belongs, on the excessive spending. liberals complained when george bush spent too much money. and they were right to do so. now that they are in power they out spend him by a substantial amount and they cry it is not enough. this is beyond hypocrisy, this is self induced mental illness.',1
'thank you tisha for sharing your videos. i am an occupational therapist and will share your site with my co-workers as it will be incredibly helpful for some of our clients. you are amazing. thank you again.',1
'fine, boycott the product, that\'s your choice.  just don\'t expect the rational portion of the population to follow suit.  we thought it was hilarious.',1
'note to parents: "grow up" it\'s all in fun. don\'t let your boys ever touch a barbie they may become homosexual. don\'t let you girls play baseball they may become a lesbian. the kid\'s at that school probably would have loved it. i have three girls and if they came to me with this i would have been at the store trying to find them some cute animal print to wear. sound\'s fun to me. i see no message but "fun" sent .',1
'i knew that you could not just ignore a story about man boobs mikey! thugs drool.',1
'exactly how does a man + man or woman + woman getting married and wanting their union to be considered a marriage so that they have equal rights as all others who are married destroy the sense of marriage... answer that',1
'i raised 9 children and not one single one of them was potty trained at age 2 - they do not have the control a 3 or 4 year old has. they do not comprehend the idea behind holding and waiting, nor can they. this little one should be in diapers, at least while they are in public.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'judging by these post, i\'m guessing its ok that they died  because they were "rappers"? or is it because of the tattoos on their faces? last i checked, rappers, heavy metal, alternative, hippies, etc. have tattoos just about any and everywhere on them. not to mention, get high, drink and do crazy things at every age. stop making this about "rappers" and just make it a general "stupid people do stupid things".',1
'i think they are both great .     is this show on in america ?      what channel ?',1
'it\'s time to repeal and replace the income tax with a flat tax or a sales tax. better yet, s**tcan the whole us tax code. the only ones who really benefit from the current system are socialist politicians and cpas. politicians routinely intimidate people who criticize them with the irs and threats of audits. the tax code is used as a weapon. a simplified tax code would save taxpayers and businesses money. think of the stimulus business would have if they didn\'t have to spend money ( a lot of money) on complying with tax laws that seem to grow exponentially every year. no doubt, that idea will annoy statists and "eat-the-rich" neo-marxists. an ancillary benefit is that the people who are net tax takers will now "have some skin in the game" as the marxist in chief is fond of saying. one reason for our out of control debt is that the \'chlidren\' and making financial decisions for the \'adults\'. maybe when people cry to the federal government for \'free s**t\', they will at least understand that it\'s not so free when taxes have to be increased to pay for it.',1
'if romney is elected then don\'t be surprised if you don\'t have a mortgage tax credit or medical tax credit or charitable tax credit etc etc',1
'at 55 im done! worked family farm from 5-14, been in construction since 14 thats 29 years now.',1
'owning precious metals is not about getting rich. re-read my final sentence. it is all about preserving the wealth you already have against inflation. as the dollar gets weaker, it loses it\'s value {purchasing power}. conversely, precious metals rise in value, holding the value of your investment. nobody sits around in the dark playing with there metals {ok, i admit it, i do}.  but some day soon, people will sit around in the dark and let their children and grandchildren play with their paper investments because they will be worthless, and no more than a toy {or toilet paper}. and to say:"we are still here", yes, we are still here, we will always be here, but the question is: will we be here destitute, or will we be here with some savings left? and today, things are far from being business as usual. usa with a credit rating of aa-? that has never happened before. $16 trillion in debt and rising? how can things be business as usual? you are in denial.',1
'have made that trip at least a dozen times, absolute breathtaking drives. used to camp in the smikies in the 8\'s and that is how we always got there! front royal to gatlinburg, gorgeous.   almost moved there but then life got in the way lol',1
'not sure why you have neg responses.  you are absolutely right.  i was convinced this was an undecover ad til 3/4 down the article. and still not totally convinced its not.',1
'hey sambo  look at the picture.',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'friends dont let friends skip the the forearm workout!!',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'define "public."',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'true true, the downvoters love violence and people with no moral compass , obviously.',1
'i don\'t know but i think this deserves further investigation.  i will gladly volunteer to   to go to the strip joints in vags and do a little "undercover" work.  of course the   irs would have to cover all my expenses and i\'ve heard those strippers run pretty   high.',1
'whatever happened to rte 100 in vermont,perhaps the most scenic road in new england.',1
'stupid is as gop does, it seems.',1
'a child should only be permitted to pee if there is a politican underneath him or her.',1
'your answer has been forever recorded in the history books so when future generations look back on this election for what it really is, you are on record supporting a man who has been part of the problem. can you say p.o.s.? pioneer of outsourcing? foreign banks and foreign country intersts over american interests? i could go on but no need, you have been reminded that what we say is important and what we write is forever available to the history books.',1
'good thing you were here to do it',1
'hell no, it\'s called having a sense of humor',1
'of course it is. why don\'\'t we ban bread because of gluten or wheat allergies? then we wouldn\'t have any sandwich problems!!!!!',1
'"the treasury prints money - not the federal reserve. banks are not lending because they reap a greater return by using capital to invest in derivatives and currency trading. lending out money only produces minimal returns due to the low interest rate environment, so you only allocate capital that is a "sure thing" to be paid back - ie. very low risk of default in order to earn a low rate of return.  replace the federal reserve with what?!? a private national bank? ha! another government agency? double ha!"     i never said the fed prints the money. it establishes the quantity of currency by selling bonds we the people are indebted to repay. when hank paulsen was secretary of treasury (former ceo of goldman sachs) and insisted in tarp, he was telling congress to authorize indebtedness for the people whose contracts would, because they could, be purchased by goldman sachs using cash borrowed from the fed at the ridiculously low bank rate. when nixon took us off the gold standard in ',1
'of course it\'s nuts.  there\'s a huge difference in using peanuts in products that everyone has access to but something a kid\'s mother sends in his lunch?  come on, use a little common sense here.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'we have coal here in the usa.  people complain about always buying foreign oil and how expensive it is so we have a solution and now they complain that power plants burn coal.        i swear all americans want to do is complain about anything and everything.  tired of sending us money to foreign countries that are trying to kill us?  buy electric cars and do not worry about the us dug coal being burned to create the power to charge your car!  its a lot cheaper to recharge your car over using gass and its better for the environment.',1
'i am not god  nor will i ever try to play god or support anyone who does it.',1
'the tax brackets need adjusting immediately!!!! $100,000 earnings today for a family of 4 should not be taxed on a bracket from 20 years ago!!! the first $35,000 or thereabouts should be tax exempt because that is what it takes for living necessities for one person to live safely! then you start paying income tax over and above that on a sliding scale that is fair for all!! everyone should pay their   f a i r  s h a r e , not the rich getting a free ride compared to the middle class and the percentage of actual dollars left over to live on!!!!!!',1
'i shop elsewhere.  wuck fal-mart.',1
'most child molesters consider themselves strictly heterosexual. not to mention most scout leaders are parents of a scout and are usually religous and married. and especially in the article where it says most of these cases were between 1970 and 1991 when gay people still did not have the right to adopt, they most likely would not have had children to follow into scouting  for leadership.        and before you try to make some crack about my sexually, i am a happily married heterosexual woman who was even a cub scout leader with my husband for a short while. some people just are not homophobic haters.',1
'rick859       that 7.65% paid by the employer is suppose to go into a "trust" fund for my benefit,   you know like ss was suppose to work,  now it just goes into the general fund and   t-bills are placed in the "trust" fund.  that is fine as long as the government can keep going further and further in debt when they have to start selling those t-bills to fund the deficit in ss funds.  won\'t be long until that is a reality.       i look at it like that would be my money and the employer might give me a 7.65% raise if he didn\'t have to pay it to the government.  of course that is probably  ',1
'he works pumping ssa?',1
'my mom would always make sure nobody actually saw me .. they may have known but not body saw',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   check out~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'i\'m tired of those who pay little or nothing in the way of federal income taxes, telling those of us who do pay (over 80 grand last year, just in federal income tax alone), that we should be paying even more.   funny how for many of those crying fair share", their "fair share" in a lot of cases is zero, or close to it.  to hell with that!!',1
'wake, up it\'s never been easy, it only appears easy, but look how  many lost their  shirts on easy.  it\'s simple you either have the money or you don\'t and expecting to get some for nothing is a fantasy that crooks like you to bet on, that\'s why we are in this depression,  some call it recession.   we have been conned and don\'t like it so we go out and look for someone to blame because we can\'t see we made the error a mistake and we need to correct our selves our own way of thinking how to "make a buck"  namely the old fashion,  work, save and spend on what you can afford.  i  heard a story of a farm that\'s been in the works for  over  a 100 years in the midwest.  that\'s facing storms, tornadoes, droughts etc.   how did they do it, they knew what to expect and not to assume.  their house from what was described is 100 years old, some antiques but mostly because things stopped working.  but, what was most interesting about the story is that  they loved what they did.  they knew it was  hard work but their  description wasn\'t gripping about the weather or  lack of it, but some of the wonders they found in doing the work that gave them meaning and inspiration.  we have been taught  th',1
'on a normal day a lot of the girls are barely dressed, so i\'m not sure why predator-prey day would be much of an outrage.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes, i do. they do report what others do not. however, they also get emotionally attached.  they are a better source of the truth than nbc, abc, and cbs (the obama campaign networks).',1
'remember this is british law -- its really jacked up, that was a good reason that the good old usa wanted nothing to do with it...  although we are founded on it, it is soooo pro liberal .....',1
'this guy is so loaded with fat, he couldn\'t cut down to performance % body fat in a year if ever. and body building is as much about proportion as it is size. biceps are good; legs, lat/upper back spread and chest are better.',1
'yes!  i see people every day come in for anxiety medication and anti-depressants and i think (not to discount medication and therapy) that they would be a lot happier if they got on a bike!  these kids will remember this and it will shape them.',1
'i agree with this im surprised with 44 dislikes to 7 likes.. thats cause more people in this country as a majority want freebies and cant control themselves then the people who want the country to get its **** back on its  feet like us 7. well more hand me out users out run us but hey! in 50 years when your debt is so high china will own us cause they\'ll cash in on the debt lmao. and idc if china owns us im sure there smarter to live with then all these hypocrit leeches in this country',1
'this country is losing its freedoms little by little,for a school to tell kids what they can and cannot eat is unconstitutional.may  ​ or nazi bloomburg got his way with the ban on sugary drinks now too,whats next??',1
'haha it\'s true, money is the only real thing we worship and ya i don\'t think the word god should be on our currency',1
'clinton "signed" it - but who passed it? the republican congress.....     q: did bill clinton repeal the glass-steagall act?    a: no, but he signed into law the gramm-leach-bliley act, which repealed some of the provisions of the glass-steagall act.      the three co-sponsors of the gramm-leach-bliley act were:    sen. phil gramm - rep ',1
'i am a a 40k earner and after adding all my taxes in and fuel tax clothing tax car licenses trailer plates property tax every tax i paid i could find it was closer to 40%. i have saved all my life for a 401k and now when i retire on 20k the warren buffets want me to pay a higher tax when i start using that money. i have figured on that at a lower rate for years. if you want to give yours to the gov. go ahead, but let the rest of us have a break somewhere. and another thing, i want my nickel back from egypt and my penny from libyia',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【 nudistpartner 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'/',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes but not hockey.',1
'sometimes you feel like a nut, some you dont!',1
'there is a school here where i live that bans peanut butter altogether for just 1 kid, which i find to be ridiculous. the whole student body shouldn\'t have to suffer because of one persons allergies, he should be sent to school with an epi pen and told what to watch out for...and if they\'re worried about contact during lunch, then the kid should eat in the nurses office or away from the other kids to avoid contact. it\'s not punishing the kid, it\'s about not punishing the whole school. these bans should be lifted and the allergic kids simply take the appropriate responses.',1
'yes , absolutly crazy ! i understand if the school chooses not to searve pbj \'s however if his mother is making it she should know by now if he is allergic . don\'t ya think , i am sure that his pbj is alot healthier than all the crap processed crap they searve in our schools .',1
'what do you call biden and pelosi??   insurance for obama.....       if there was a patent on stupid,  she would own the rights...           she is a private special interest rep for her husbands economic interests  talk about the rich..         she has cost us all  billions and potentially trillions..   with her stupid bills and pet projects.',1
'i\'ll drive her crazy.',1
'absolutely',1
'and the reason i never got beyond tenderfoot.  i did not let it happen: the new scout master put his hand on my leg during the preaching and i felt that inappropriate.  i withdrew from the boy scouts and never went back to church.   later i returned to another church, but scouting was not for me.  al said that.',1
'again cops not able to use common sense, i think it is time to bring back  common sense training to all police departments of theses united states     stop with the assault tactics, and brutality usage to subdue citizens, and start making police learn to think a little more, rather than wanting to beat down, drag out, shoot, taser, baton bash, door bust everything, and being a little bit more in the common sense area. a police officer. 30 or 40 years ago it used to be serve and protect, but today, by the training police seem to be getting lately it more or less resembles, oppress and submit, it used to take 2 police officers to make arrests, now it takes 6 or 8 they have become, worthless, as individuals or teams.     the fear of death scares them, and if that is so, they need to look for a job that is safer, and not just because the pay was good, and they can beat on people. when they use brute, or deadly force in large groups to overcome those that they subdue they should be lose their rights immediately as police officers, and not given special excuses as they did wh',1
'read about it. write about it folks. this is the most powerful weapon the hapless consumer has. consumer indignation and contempt is the only weapon we have. let the stink spread. otherwise these unscrupulous car manufacturers will continue to rob you of your hard earned money!!!',1
'buffett does not tell you that his secretary makes over $500,000 per year and the most important part is that without warren buffett making the money he does his secretary would not have a job.       i',1
'sounds like bs queer boy!!!!',0
'im so mad at the nhl players and owners you guys should be at the table talking not at home smileing. us people the (public) who pay for your pay checks get the **** end of the stick i think we should all the public the ones you get your paycheck from boycott the nhl and see how they r going too pay the players if we boycott the league im so pissed off there is no hockey us the fans r the ones that are at home wondering what the hell are they thinking you guys get so much money and you r still looking for more 4 strikes in 20 years you all r so money hungry it makes me sick im getting sick of the nhl and players being so greedy for money billions of dollars for u both nhl-owners',1
'when i was off shore swimming and felt myself getting over tired , a shark kept bumping me toward the shore , until i could make it on my own .                     not !',1
'yet it\'s perfectly fine for them to endanger a parents rights by covering up for pedophiles right',1
'i smell fish for some reason!',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'this is utterly ridiculous.  kids allergic to peanuts know it by the time they get to school; they\'re not likely to swap lunches with a kid who has a pbj sandwich.  i\'ve certainly never heard of anyone going into anaphylactic shock over just the smell of peanuts, though some can react even to touching them.  that simply means teachers should monitor a kid who eats a pbj to make sure he washes his hands afterwards to avoid contaminating surfaces the allergic kid might touch.  they certainly have no right to confiscate his sandwich.',1
'that is ****ing sick',1
'yep, when i was a kid (in the 90\'s), noone ever gave  a **** about that',1
'the author must have been a westerner.  when we think of fall colors we think of new england and the appalachian mountains.',1
'they understand the true meaning of love, know what kind of role to play in love and know how to   treat their romantic partner.  here is an amazing and effictive community for over 50 older people who are seeking his/her   romantic love. check out  ----50romance-----. only if you are searching for a true love during   the latter part of your life. worthy a try.            ',0
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'...yeah, perhaps the conception of of armageddon.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ( ā_g_ē_1_0_v_è_r_`is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'hambone understands and has compassion. thank you. all allergies are not severe but this one happens to be deadly. they do outgrow it some as they get older and they get very good at knowing what to do in situations. can we just let them grow uo a bit and learn as they get lder and more mature? i totally do not want to be dictated to as to what we can eat and the sizes allowed but this is different. i ask you all to just get all the information on this allergy before you judge this situation.',1
'evolution evolving here to sheesh!',1
'this show sucks   \\';',1
'in portland, we bike commuters bike all year long.  there are clothes you can wear to stay dry.  no one will think she is stupid for riding in the rain.  it\'s. what. we. do.    try being nice....or if it\'s a culture you don\'t understand don\'t comment on it in a negative light.  thanks.',1
'i\'m worried that obama may get a second term.',1
'how doe\'s it feel to tell the whole world how ignorant you are.',1
'oh man...i knew it! she is counting votes already...',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. 〖 àɡelessmatch 〗 is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'this has nothing to do with pedophiles.  this has everything to do with the law.  private data is private data. period.',1
'must have been one of those guardian angel sharks.',1
'i guess i am out of the loop. i don\'t even know who she is.',1
'i only make $14.95 an hour and i make more money than most of my friends. i averaged my tax rate here in oregon to about 26%. for every thousand dollars i make thats $260.00 gone. im one of those lucky ones who will probally never own a house.',1
'the bankers are not worried about their retirement-----in your next life come back as a banker.',1
'40 plus olders are more charm to youngers.coz olders are usually more stable , mature and understand better how to treat their soul mate.check out~~~age gap match~~~ # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women looking for younger men.over 171,400 quality members are seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!             ',0
'you can tell just by looking at him,he\'s heavy on the \'roids....only workd his upper arms..........i\'ll bet he\'s real funny looking when you see him altogether',1
'doesn\'t matter mf as a supposedly well respected and trusted organization this kind of info is not something you keep secret from the public much less the law',1
'so is it illegal to have a screwdriver in a pub in england? or does he need a special license to conceal said screwdriver?',1
'this is class warfare created by the great trible leader ....  if great leader really wants to be fair                                                       fair                                                       fair  he did say fair     great leader  would demand the house of representative change tax law                                                                                                                            to a simple flat tax .    ',1
'it can very well be that the shark bumped his boat to check it out, and then the shark smelled fish from the fishing boat and headed toward it.  i doubt it is a heroic shark in any way.  that occurence happened to save him.  not sure why he would follow a shark though.  not sure that would normally help.',1
'rich people like romney put it in overseas banks...  that way they don\'t have to pay taxes on part of their money...  they pay high price tax people to get them out of paying their fair share...  if rich people  created jobs, then how come we have few jobs from the trickle-down policies???????',1
'it is very common that many young women are attracted to 40 plus olders; coz olders are usually more stable and mature. if you are over 40 and single, dating a much younger woman will simply make you feel alive and young again.   google or bing~~~ age gap match~~~~this is where things start to get better, # 1 age gap dating site for 40 plus older men seeking younger women. & . mature women dating younger men.over 171,400 quality members seeking their match.if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try.           ',0
'to kingratsilk72 - you\'re such a waste of space and a huge pos!!!! go kill yourself and do us all a favor!!! if i could find you i\'d shoot you square in the head you miserable ****!',1
'why do i smell fish?',1
'put a face mask on the kids already !',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'unfortunately, i think some of them would enjoy it!  you made me laugh, though.',1
'and i thought t-bowing was the dumbest thing in football so far....guess i was wrong',1
'eat me raw ho',0
'in the movie he\'s talking about using a laser beam to destroy earth...',1
'i heard that one of the things not settled in the talks are how the teachers would be evaluated. sounds to me that some of the teachers are afraid they will be exposed on how unqualified they really are. fire and replace all of those ungrateful sob\'s.',1
'what a useless piece of work  more money than god, and arrogance...       she has a huge carbon footprint with her personal jet trips to calf every week,,,,        this one needs to go....   only issue is she if from home of fruits and nuts,.   calf.....       damn, needs to go.',1
'i have to agree with filthyswit on this one',1
'you guys can stay but let\'s get all the bad people shipped there.  lol',1
'no, you don\'t. if you make the kind of money it takes to be in that tax bracket, your taking every exemption and deduction available, or your an idiot.',1
'she has a lifelong battle ahead, but i wish her well.     my best friend is a recovered anorexic, and is now a happily married mother of 3. i hope the woman in the story is able to find peace and get the help she so desperately needs.',1
'the author has a very poor choice of "fall color".',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'originality is the art of concealing your source. i made that up myself.',1
'elka;  we will again be visiting your state end of september into early october. we have the grand canyon, hoover dam, lake mead, lake powell and other very nice attractions however we will be taking the kancamagus tour in your state for the third time. when visiting new england, we always want to go in foliage season.',1
'the concerning this is that the problem is so large it requires a nations income to fix it, not just the income of government employees.  they didn\'t just spend their money they spend yours too.',1
'when it\'s the last resort, what else can you do?',1
'@-i like your comments also-america needs to stand up and start scaling  back on relying so much on imports-americans need to start buying american, we need to start using our own oil-or come up  with a reliable alt. and quit sending the majority of u.s. dollars to foreign aide just so they can turn it against us . the "big brother" syndrome needs to cease, as well-f we don\'t start concentrating on ourselves-we\'ll be well on our way to becoming a 3rd world-ourselves-if we aren\'t already-that is. we need a pres. with a little courage to do what we have to do and quit worrying about who we  piss off. better to piss off than to keep getting pissed on.',1
'sooo cute!! i wish i could play with a bear cub       but to answer the question it might kind of be like young humans, their trust for other humans is a lot greater than an adults....the cub is probably too young to sense danger?? (lucky for him there was no threat in this case!)',1
'norberto,    great reply and talking points, well said!',1
'no',1
'if you are an investor the answer is yes bigdaddy. i thought i read where you were an investing man? how\'d you miss out on all the gains? surely you didn\'t let you hatred for president obama keep you from making money.....',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'sounds similar to the stuttering disabled war vet on america\'s got talent this year.  turned out his story was a lie.',1
'kind of nuts.  i guess they need to ban all foods that any child my be allergic to as well as all items that are "bad" for kids.',1
'how many young men do you know or have met that were in the scouting program?  why is it that those who were in scouting always seem to be the brightest, hardworking, honest and ethical?   maybe a lot more kids should be in it instead of being lazy meatballs.  if they do not want homosexuals or on the flip side believe in god,,,,,,,,,,,good for them.  keep the child molesters in jail, regardless if they come from the catholic church, boy scouts or anywhere else.',1
'no, they should not but adults need to remember that their little bodies and minds don\'t always get the decorum memo and potty-training can be problematic at times. they are little kids and having to go means they gotta go. now. they are not aware of the "wrongness" of public peeing and can\'t relate to a ten minute wait. anyone with kids knows that having to wait ten minutes or ten years are the same (reads:  forever) in a kid\'s mind. discretion is hard to teach but the attempt should be made when possible.',1
'but for the love of god, they are your brother\'s keeper.',1
'dangerous',1
'since when is a crook ever off the hook until he is behind bars? only a republican forgives a republican before he pays for crimes against america.',1
'my son only eats peanut butter sandwichs. he does have one kid in his class that is allegric but there is no ban.',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'most numbers are better? what the inflation #\'s the market ,zero gains adjusted for inflation. anthony, your starting to remind me of obama. clueless. can\'t nbc get anyone with a real education.     bush, bush, bush,- yep -bush ahd his issues. he is not up to bat anymore,bro. the gut took on the responsibility. the situation has gotten worse. ask helicopter ben. he\'s in panic.',1
'you are crazy. the only companies that are holding off are american and european companies. airbus and boeing both have record backlogs after years of record breaking orders. even if things turned around and airlines wanted to place new big orders like american and united have done this year, they can\'t start getting planes until 2017 or something like that because all of the delivery slots are taken which means no benefit to earnings or stock price anytime in the near future. the only way they get in earlier is if there are cancellations in which case the new order just neutralizes the cancellation. no reason to be long boeing right now.',1
'hmmmm . . . any of you ever heard of "divine providence"????  you might want to look that up!!!!  people who believe in this president, and who understand just how a** backwards the vocal element in this country  know.  there are millions of americans (the masses) who never post here and see all of the bitterness and hatred being spewed out.  they are the ones, the little "invisible people" in this country who will determine this election. (mitt is probably not even aware that they exist.)  what most of you fail to realize is that the peope who really have the stories to tell and are really hurting slept in their vans or cars last night.  they don\'t care about this foolishness with this clown-it\'s about principles.  just keep fooling yourselves . . . and you can thank george ii for the mess we all are in . . . but, you probably don\'t want to hear that either!!!!',1
'jack is an amazing dog!!!       we are going through and major adjustment with our dog suzy.       she’d a cocker spaniel and is blind in one eye and losing the sight in the other.        suzy is now becoming really scared and will not let me out of her sight.  she now wants to sit on my lap and be held which i have no problem with.       suzy has cataracts and although we can’t afford the $4,000 to have them removed i believe that she will continue to be ',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'have to remember how she made statements about not liking america.',1
'i agree wholeheartedly stevie.  but it will be enough to raise the djia enough to make people think that the economy is improving.  as if the djia is an actual indicator of the strength of the economy.',1
'the dem ploy is to label everything racial and every one not dem. a raceist.  who holds on to the hyphenated american??  the dems!!!.  and as long as there are hyphenated americans there will be a cause for one hyphen to label the other a raceist.  that is how you keep people devided so the dems can keep calling non-dems. raceists.  wise up america and let\'s all be just americans, whether black, brown, red, tan or white.  that is the only way to beat the dems at their devicive raceist game.',1
'@ cat check there were lots of hillary and barb jokes just msnbc(aka obama network news) doesn\'t like when their golden child is picked on even if indirectly.',1
'i bet jack still doesn\'t "give it back" when he returns with the items.',1
'i see a few thumbs down who are you... mom dad brother sister      i know many many sexually confused people and they have raised many good kids   and i say what you do in your  bed is your business no on else s',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'this clown must see that obama bottom of his feet is the clown color. i wil make it clear. the bottom    feet of every black person is so call white color. and forget not the hand of the black the top is black  and the other side is white where we hold almost  all things.',1
'i was so left and voted obama in 08 a yr and a half a go i started really listening to repubs and yeah ...........i am now a republican or a recovering lib! either works!',1
'i like that he did that, and i would keep the clown employed and i would give him a raise.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!   : )',1
'try the natchez trace in mississippi for beauty in the fall and a very easy drive.',1
'that knocking on your door, it\'s a swat team coming to take your milk away.',1
'hahahaha my friend wonderbred 123 i am white a very comfortable the difference between us is that i am a human first and if you dont think the rich are making money off of war perhaps you are the one who needs to be educated. let me ask you what did this country export the most of last year and again this year. what is the one big thing other than taxes the republican wont cut. think about it before u become more insulting my children are taught not to do that so why do you',1
'if the joke was reversed it would have been acceptable.     double standards run rampant.',1
'hope this answers your question',1
'no, dont fire him,  give him a raise!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'were coming b!tches, were coming!',1
'racist white people do not think that their comments are racist. that is just the way that they are use to thinking and talking. they see nothing wrong with their racist ignorant comments rants. it is just who they are. how do you change their racist, innate,  ingrained, ignorant racist comments??  other white people weigh in??',1
'unlawful? please get a clue before you try to talk about what is lawful or not. a school has the legal right to decide what can and can not be brought onto its property.',1
'you know what my tax rate was last year? 3.75% wow what a lie that the rich pay less than i do. i get that rate do to all the loop holes in the tax code. what this country needs is a far tax system to all. i\'m so tired of hearing that the rich payless than me, what a joke. you know i say this i do taxes for a friend and they paid around $300 in taxes last year but got back nearly $10,000 back. now tell me how is that right?',1
'more pump and dump from crane',1
'get a job.',1
'sound like the guy that left ford and made the car with sea gull wings; it was a failure.....; remember he started selling dope to finance the car and got away with entrapment.....20 pounds of coke....',1
'pretty funny asumption on your part ...the polls beg to differ',1
'you fire him and you\'ve got to fire every humorist . she is a celeb, gotta learn to take it...',1
'that was a clown comment bro',1
'give the guy a break, he probably had to fill his ticket quota. if the man says go write tickets and make the city some money, then you go write tickets or you get fired.',1
'obviously a typo, but you are correct. in \'olden days\' there were proofreaders and typesetters.     since so many of these writers are forgetful/hurried/la  ​ zy to spellcheck, would it be so hard to program their computers to do it automatically when they enter \'submit\'?     (isn\'t \'pure idiots\' an oxymoron?)',1
'cleo       that is your only defense.        the only person not accepting his white side is barack hussein obama.        what do you have to say about the intelligence of blacks who know nothing about politics or what is best for this country but vote for a man just because of his skin color.       and you call white people ignorant.',1
'and, they probably don\'t know who they are.  i will agree with you about not being nasty.  you never know when it may come back to haunt you.  i am willing to bet the person that wrote the e-mail is under 30 and has some maturing to do.',1
'how come nobody\'s kicked this **** in the face yet!',1
'an expensive one.',1
'well, you could always eat at one of the food carts and get rat meat for free.      just kidding, i love portland food carts. mmm mexican tacos!',1
'this is a public job, the president works for you. if he or she hides or lies over something this small, what else?   do you really believe that someone who is worth millions or billions feels what you feel, someone who has people to do simple things like grocery shopping, understand what you and i see when we get that bill? please don\'t look at who is running, instead, look at how that person compares too you and the people you know. if you are a millionaire and this will help you then vote that way. if you a working class person (like me a fireman ) vote that way, but please don\'t vote based on race or party instead vote for the person that will help you out. in turn, that will help all of us out.',1
'in a rational society you would get your $200 back and an apology. then everyone goes about the rest of their lives. too bad we don\'t all live there.',1
'clown says it all.....',1
'you bet!',1
'i am sorry to say this but if she was a man, she would be in jail. there goes blind justice that our country holds so dearly.',1
'ugh, they like assume ing 7% return',1
'you know that this  country is in trouble when a white rapper is better then the black rappers and a black golfer is better then the white golfers',1
'yeah that\'ll fix it. it did such a great job last time lol. still going behind dummy bush fixing ****.',1
'hey adam, the sixties are over, get a haircut red neck.',1
'she is a graceful ladie....',1
'that cycle ended for me when i rolled my 401 over into a self-directed ira. it\'s amazing how much investing pays off when you get away from the "professional" money managers of the average mutual fund.',1
'forward that memo to snl as well.',1
'rt in nashville, right on!       david, like i said in an earlier post, howdy doody or mortimer snerd would be a better choice than hussein obama.       vote out hussein obama!',1
'put the genetically defective, hyper-allergic kids in a hermetically sealed room and let the rest of us live a normal life....we\'ve got so much backwards in this country-- the exceptions are now the norm in this overly inclusive, everyone has a cause, everyone gets a trophy culture!!!! some days i wish we could take these mommies who were infertile or couldn\'t conceive and used science to get pregnant (huge correlation between fertility drugs and the sudden and dramatic increase in food allergies in children) and tell them --- hey- you messed with nature and now nature is messing with you and inform them that if there child\'s allergies are the problem they will be handled as such and sequestered from the normal school population.',1
'yes! many times and i have tried to pass it on. only once has someone requested money. shame on him.',1
'but, the clown now needs a job.  so, how many offers do you think he will get?   do you think he has any regrets or that he might have done things a little differently??   maybe mitt or that other clown rush can help him get a job.  or, maybe some of you who are posting here can help him out.',1
'rant much? you should try putting your thoughts in order, before you just puke them onto the internet machine',1
'this is awesome!  he acts better than some children i\'ve seen on publiic transportation!',1
'i agree. why haven\'t we looked into who short sold, moved up to a bigger home and mortgage and then cried wolf again?',1
'"but for making a joke like this, the man in question no doubt deserves to be fired."    remember all the jokes made about the palin\'s and their sexuality or a children yet it was considered just fine, maybe only an apology? for that matter, any conservative woman politician? much of what has been said has been down right evil. michele malkin "needs to get laid" or the female, black, and mormon legislature from utah called a "dirty worthless whore"?    "in a perfect world, he\'d be punished even more severely for that type of behavior."    yes, you are an obama supporter, or at a minimum ignorant of the first amendment. people have a right to say stupid and',1
'the film was stupid, but i certainly don\'t think it was criminal at all. muslims cannot enforce their beliefs on the rest of the world, that\'s why they can\'t get along with any other religious or non religious group. truthfully, i think they should be bombarded with jokes and images of mohammed, eventually they will desensitize and get over it. i personally would like to see you tube flooded with muslim jokes about mohammed from all around the world.',1
'this is an extremely conservative approach. sure it works, but at what cost? it will only take you longer than everyone else to get there.   stashing money away instead of investing? lol. terrible advice.',1
'humans have always had and will always have these malfunctions. it made press cause of the name.',1
'michelle obama can’t be a slave, when she has 250 or so called helpers and all the secret service men to do as wants.    who is the slave now?',1
'i am familiar with portland.  hills, traffic, rain, ice, snow... hopefully they have good rain gear and snow tires for the winter months ahead.',1
'destiny is owned in your own palm..no matter you are young or old , chances to seek soul mate in your life are always haunted around you. and whether you will hold your happiness , it all depends on yourself... (google/bing-)-=====  ​ = luvsenior ======-----the cool  age gap social heaven may lead you to the direction for your soul mate..if you are single and young and brave in mind, why not choose to have a romantic love journey again!!! worth trying!!  join for free…..nothing lose….',0
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'not a minimum iq requirement, just a common sense requirement. i\'ve known people with high iqs but no common sense at all and they are the ones that usually do the things that make you wonder about the intelligence of the human race.',1
'you have a way with words, man !  good job.',1
'being honest now.  obama and his wife are better educated, dress better and have all their teeth.  now, a southern red neck dates his sister and marries his cousin , has only two teeth and has a ged.maybe.  i can see where the jealousy comes from.     rodeo clown making what $75 a night tops?  hahahahaaa',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'ya cleo       must be a tax cheat cause that is what the press says. you are to stupid to think for yourself, fact.',1
'hey 919 - get a clue; it\'s both parties!  just a few examples of the dems contributing to this mess:   clinton/rubin repealed glass-steagall, barney frank repeatedly blocked efforts to reign in fannie and freddie lending, promising that they would never cost taxpayers; eric holder spending the  years between his work with the clinton and obama admins. over at covington burling llp defending wall street and now name one wall street insider the justice dept. has indicted over the last 4 years- oh yeah-one guy who sat on goldman\'s board and leaked info to an outside trader; jon corzine, (goldman ceo, dem. senator and dem. nj gov.) who illegally sent 1.2 billion dollars of mfglobal\'s client funds overseas to try and cover a 6+ billion bet gone bad and he\'s still walking around a free man while thousands of hard working ranchers and farmers who used mf global to hedge their herds and crops have been hung out to dry.       bottom line: as long as wall street can keep the repubs and dems at each other\'s thoats and each thinking the other par',1
'deep sigh... this topic always brings out the "best" in posters here.',1
'this is why the richer you are the higher percentage tax you should pay:-  what does tax go on? a large chunk goes on defence - if we only had poor people we wouldn\'t need as much defence (or police for that) as we would have nothing that anyone wanted to steal. defence and police are required more for people who have more stuff/land/resources  ​ , so why do you think it is fair that the poor pay the same percentage for those services?  same argument for education - creates better workers/consumers - more money to those who have companies and products to sell.  when tax codes were originally created this was recognized and for the good of society every civilized country in the world instituted similar sliding % rates. just because some people are both too greedy and too powerful they propose a \'fairer\' flat tax, unless you are one of the richest 5% you are just being manipulated to support it.    the tax code should be simplified, but the simplification should be to tax investment income, and cut loopholes that the greediest',1
'you are forgetting that you only have the right to say and do things if you are a liberal. it was okay when they bashed bush or conservatives.  they can dish it out but like a spoiled little chicken sh!t bully, they can\'t take it in return.',1
'six kids, ten kids....what business is it of yours, treve967 and others.  i would rather see a family with 7 healthy, happy kids than one family with the records of 7 abortions!!  treve, you\'re selfish and stupid; perhaps you should look back on your own childhood, and how devoid of love it must have been, before you criticize people like this.',1
'waldo56, you are an idiot. do us all a favor and stop breathing. idiot...',1
'only when i was naked.',1
'nothing like a deceiving headline to get attention.  the headline does not reflect the text of the story.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'actually this racist issue started after obama took office - never before had this issue been so public.  now everything people say is "racist" and everyone has to be careful what they say and how they say it.',1
'a lot of teachers may way more than that.  lucille  russell was making 413,000.00 a year for being a special education teacher on 2010. not bad at all for being working for a public school. people were talking bad about romney making 250,000 a year. teachers leave him way behind.     this website removes the link to the salaries website but just google for "chicago teachers salaries database" and you will see how obscene some of their salaries are.    that is not taking in consideration their government benefits and lavish pensions. they make way more than the people who pay taxes for their salaries. i wouldn\'t be so against the strike if the level of education here in chicago was good but instead is mediocre.     people who come from third world countries have a much better education and their teachers probably make 50 dollars a month.',1
'if everyone got fired for making a bad choice, we\'d all be on welfare!',1
'how is that racist?  maybe because the media has called it racist....',1
'and speaks the truth!',1
'what most of you are failing to consider is the legal aspect of this issue. if a child gets sick the school could be sued. the only defense from such a lawsuit is a zero tolerance policy because it is the only way the school can prove it did everything it possibly could to prevent the illness.   another example of why we desperately need tort reform in this country!',1
'he definitely should.ve been fired. anyone as stupid as he showed himself to be is a clown to begin with and not even a funny clown at that. fire the bum!!!',1
'births and funerals should also be free. after all, who has a choice in either?',1
'does anyone find it interesting that there are very few post here supporting the teachers?  they go through the posts and hit the thumb down symbol....i guess they can\'t put together a reasonable thought to publish.       it\'s ok teacher supporters..they have spell check!',1
'then the constitution should be rewritten to say "restriction of speech", not "freedom of speech".     it\'s like someone offering you food. they say you can have as much as you want, but then they get mad at you when take them at their word and eat all of it. they should\'nt have made the offer if they didn\'t mean it. rather than lying to make themselves look generous, they should\'ve laid out clear boundaires.     it\'s completely irrational to tell someone they have the freedom to do something, but then punish them and get mad at them for doing the very thing you said it\'s okay to do.',1
'no but dont put a mic in his hand and have him on "****" detail from now on.',1
'truth,pelosi`s comments r 2 scoops of xcrement unless the dems already know the outcoming of the election,which will not be surprising',1
'hard to argue with an idiot....',1
'if its a racist comment its a racist comment, whichever group is directing the comment.',1
'that makes obama even a bigger jokej, since he has made matters worse and still has no answers, besides kissing letterman, jz and beyooooonce\'s azzes.',1
'the food stamp party, i love it',1
'these two clowns are the biggest joke the white house has ever seen!!!!',1
'indy 500!',1
'i was lost in the forest one time and a huge hairy man like creature found me and showed me the way out. on the way out we went past a ginger bread house and he told me a really little old lady with a pointy black hat, that loved little children, lived there and she was a really nice lady! but the lady with a pointy black hat that you should watch out for, was the one with the flying monkey\'s, she\'s really nasty he said! we also saw 7 little men tolling away, with a pretty girl setting up lunch for them, then there were 3 bears going into their house and a wolf chasing a girl wearing a red hood, it was a great day!!! when we finally got to the main road, i asked him if i could get a picture of him and i, but he said no, i\'m camera shy, and ran off into the forest, never to be seen again!!!!!!!!',1
'msn, thanks for spreading the racist joke about the first lady. very classy.',1
'but why should it be left up to local, state and federal govt. to regulate your children. thats our jobs',1
'how the hell did this become anyone\'s fault in the white house,most or present?',1
'okay archie bunker!!!',1
'yes! in the school lunches is one thing but if the kid bring\'s to school ,he or she clearly don\'t have food alergies  to peanut butter.',1
'lol no actually someone who has worked all his life and paid his taxeso the rich can get richer, married with 6 children all white and all taught to respect other vultures and to remember  we are not the only ones on this planet. thumbs 763 if there is a god u will never see him and tired of obama in your next life perhaps you will grow up as a poor balck man in a poor country i feel sorry for you both.',1
'i bet you phuqed your sister and daddy!',1
'yes, this is nuts! how can you make a rule for this type of thing. makes rules to the lowest common denominator just doesn\'t work. push the majority for the good of the minority? that is not democracy that i was taught. the kids with nut allergies know that they can\'t eat peanut butter!  if you were to ban all food that had potential allergy reactions to just everyoone. there would be nothing to eat!   no rules can be created to make everyone perfectly happy and safe. ridiculous.',1
'just plain stupid !!',1
'i am allergic to cats, should the school ban all students and visitors etc from owning or even touching cats? maybe make all who enter the school, or the property take off their clothes, and go through a decontamination shower. no, of course, just as ridiculous as a pb&j ban. do not make me protect your child, that is your job!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'would you want a clown like that representing your organization?.......  ​ ..i didn\'t think so!!!   send him to the tea party, they need more clowns.',1
'perhaps you should read the article, and study how the different levels of government work.  the article clearly states that, "the ban has been in place for six years".  you might recall that we had a different president at that time.  do you think that the president of the united states has the time to write every school\'s peanut policy?  additionally, the fast food industry seems to be flourishing.     http://www.businessw  ​ ire.com/news/home/20  ​ 110617005929/en/rese  ​ arch-markets-fast-fo  ​ od-market-register-c  ​ agr',1
'could the cw just shut down?  nothing good on it, ever.',1
'most gays arent pedophiles. most are the complete opposite and leave kids alone. in australia theyd have gays running ymca day care and afterschool programs with no problems. and where claiming to be the better country? the pedophiles are the ones that are married with kids, in some cases a decent life. the boy scouts are refusing to change their outdated policies cause theyre run by old geezers who probably are afraid of such modern things as cable. just sit back and watch the scouts go under as is the catholic church in this country. want proof of that? look at the churches being put up for sale and you tell me which kind they are mostly. the catholic church tried covering up what its priests did and eventually failed miserably. itll happen to the scouts and theyll have to change their policies. give it a few more years.  sorry for the all over rant.',1
'i know a few people i would buy them for',1
'yes my point exactly. reverse racism is upon us. i personally think comedians have made fun of some group , race, human trait for as long as funny has been around.   i have to wonder why this is of concern all of a sudden?',1
'real talk 414, you are so predictable.  is your real name axlerod?       how long do you use that lame excuse...screwed up by the predessor?       hell, if you\'re the most powerful person in the world, how long do you look at your predessor and continue to throw the blame to them?       for goodness sakes, become conscious and think about it!!!!!       vote hussein obama out of office!',1
'cleopatra.. you\'er a **** of you believe obummer and the great convicted liar bill',1
'keep smiling, that\'s the way we like it!  =)',1
'people commenting are very strange people. i don\'t know what they are talking about. mrs obama is the wife of the president of the usa . highly educated, cultured person.  reading these comments is not surprising because it comes from beer drinking people with no educational background or culture.',1
'ok....all the uneducated braindead wanna party all the time people need to understand this...why do you think the irs changes it\'s tax codes every year???  my accountant had to spend an entire week of his time just to catch up on the new rules and regulations for write offs by the irs.....the average person does not realize that they are responsible for knowing what they can write off and what they can\'t.  ignorance of the law is no excuse when it comes to taxes just as it is in the criminal justice system.....if you\'re not smart enough to understand the complicated rules of taxes and you pay more than your fair share by accident do you really believe the gov\'t is going to contact you and let you know that?????  on the other hand if you try to pay less than what you owe, they will come after you with all kinds of threats and "penalties and interest owed by not paying the total amount owed each year by the deadline of april 15th (or whatever date they change it to this year)......most people don\'t even realize that, when first put into place, paying federal income tax was completely voluntary.  someone please sho',1
'believe u me,she`ll die a happy whatever that is,plenty of taxpayers $$$ ,to pay for it too',1
'hope valley on highway 88 from minden, nv to jackson ca is most beautiful. the aspens are turning thier golden rich yellow now. a must see.',1
'hay baseball guy259 that was great, made me smile. wish you would have seen the people in the office i thought one was going to pee his pants from laughing so much. thanks for the smiles you gave us today',1
'if the ban were any nuttier they\'d have to ban the ban!!!',1
'unfair! i dislike white rappers just as much...',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'i will piss on your grave!',1
'is it possible the bsa covered for felony child molesters to keep their image untarnished?',1
'writer your an idiot.....so no entertainer,  from chris rock to mel brook should make a racially motivated joke reguardless of message?....... your worse than a biget, you think the world should be all rainbows and moonbeam. you lack depth and a sense of reality',1
'tasteless oh and did you notice this guy graduated from clown school.',1
'yes.  clowns are supposed to be funny.',1
'roadhouse to say corporations are people is kind of far out. yes people work at corporations but a handful decide how that corporation operates and they have to be paying big money to keep the tax write off to send jobs overseas. the other side of the bill wanted to give tax breaks to bring companies back to the us. so that tells you it is time to replace most of our representatives. the trouble is most people pay very little attention to what is going on and would vote out the good with the bad. we have two huge problems in the us. first we have  the 2nd highest corporation tax in the world and next the hugh burden of  regulations.',1
'ha! the dumbocrats are all up in arms over this one. gosh, how can you say anything bad about the queen michelle? public life can be difficult and if you can\'t take the heat stay out of the kitchen. this article is hillarious! the dumbocrats with their vile spewing and obvious frustration is even funnier. burn and seethe you wretched creatures.',1
'why stop there. lets ration and charge the students for the air they breathe. next impose a 50 cent tax on milk for kindergarteners and ban all mention of the word "the". only when that dangerous and offending word is banned can our children be safe from the mist monsters.',1
'to all the brainless commentators on here and their smartass comments.... you or your children could have been her. she has made the best of what was probably a tough life.  that is more than you narrow minded people could ever do!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'obama is insulated because he is a democrat.  the press is doing their darnedest to influence this like all elections for the democrats.',1
'he obviously had no idea what to say. he was probably intimidated as hell. that or he was just being a jack a$$. pretty embarrassing on his part.',1
'people are starving all over the world and we worry about aliens? we will become extinct !',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i believe in "paying it forward".  being kind and helpful when you can is never a mistake.',1
'lol, no they are not the little tattle tail b!tches they claim their not! lol....',1
'why thank you! its really entertaining to see everyone get mad over this when it has nothing to do with them .-. most it did was offend her a little. oh well shes the first lady, what would she care .-.....',1
'i\'m sick of you barry subjects blaming bush. bush is not the president, he hasn\'t been for over 3 1/2 years.  can\'t you get that through your thick heads?  it\'s about time you moron\'s own up to the facts that we have a failed president.  what is it going to take for you idiots to realize that?  if barry gets re-elected (god forbid) who are you going to blame then?  good gracious get a life people.',1
'case...  i know how much it cost my wife and i to raise 8 kids.   i also know how much it cost to lose one to leukemia and another to a mitral valve blowout.   it didn\'t cost the taxpayers anything as we\'ve never had any gov\'t. handouts.    we worked hard and paid our bills and didn\'t overspend or use credit cards like most people and our gov\'t. does.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'well, let\'s be perfectly honest here.  michelle obama is much better looking than ann romney...  :)',1
'he should have been fired for the ann romney thing alone and the michelle obama thing was much worse.  where is our civil discourse?',1
'seriously?  the school thinks they know better than the child\'s mother what to feed the child?',1
'the nut allergy is the issue of the kid w/the allergy.  we have kids in our schools w/severe allergies but our policy is to make everyone aware of the severity of the allergies and the consequences of messing with another kids\' allergy.  foods brought in to share must be nut free but anyone can bring whatever they want for lunch, we all just wash our hands and mouths before and after eating.',1
'just like maine has higher than average hiv positive rate....like i told pauly:  beat it!',1
'boy did you hit the nail on the head.  all the catholic priests that were fired, jerry sandusky...all gay pedophiles, there are so many gay pedophiles out there, that it is scary.',1
'you did not answer the question, nor is your comment specific enough, to tell what you are talking about.',1
'absolutely!',1
'can\'t we take them to a far away planet, preferably neptune, and drop them off for good',1
'the "polls" don\'t elect people, we the voters do.....and were coming!',1
'dan, i see that ignorance is still alive and kickin within people like you. your **** just don\'t get it!!',1
'geez, our local elementary schools even offer pb&j sandwiches as an alternative to the hot meal available!! my 11 yr old grandson, who swears he\'s a veggan, has been taking them to school since kindergarten! as someone else posted, if the school is so afraid of getting sued over a kid having a reaction to peanuts, set up a "nut free zone" where peanut butter lovers can enjoy their sandwiches!! remember when airlines used to have a peanut free zone in their cabins? what about kids with other allergies to milk, gluten, etc.? maybe they should have their own, separate lunchroom!!!',1
'it\'s the two largest religions in the world acting like they\'re being persecuted. nothing new by any stretch. why muslims don\'t just suck it up and make an equally ridiculous, inflammatory film to toss in the faces of christians is beyond me--well, actually, i guess there is a standstill there--the new testament stuff makes up a chunk of the qu\'ran as well, so it would be blasphemy in that case.      hmm. i guess therein lies the problem--although it would have been nice if this fine, upstanding, persecuted \'christian\' weasel had used his real name and not tried to implicate israel in all of this--around sept. 11, no less. i guess the extremists here think that jew or muslim, they\'re all heretics, so it\'s okay? (i wouldn\'t know, since i don\'t fraternize with moony people who spend thousands of dollars trying to piss off ethno-religious groups.)    ',1
'hell no.  thats the problem now a day, only the white boy is racist, its going to happen again and again.  and its true nat.geo. pays less then play boy. he who crys racist is the racist.... laugh for a change.. its funny',1
'how exactly was it racist again??? tasteless maybe but racist is a stretch!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the same one as jack, but they are not blind ! one of are dogs is a black lab mix, they are awesome, loyal animals. jack redefines cool !',1
'outstanding...a case of beer for that one :)',1
'the big box store pre-dates 1962.  but most of the forerunners are long gone.',1
'thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  unfortunately it will probably be replaced with more childish trash, but then, again, it is just mtv.',1
'about the the size of your mother\'s but maybe not because your redneck mother\'s one must have been much smaller to squeeze your small minded brain and made you the redneck idiot that your are!!!',1
'gross.  doesn\'t britain have a health department that oversees markets.',1
'what would jesus say',1
'you obviously don\'t know how serious some reactions to foods can be. they can kill you. i agree that it seems like there are more and more allergies going around, but when you end of up in the hospital because your throat is closing off, your face is swelling, and you can\'t breathe, then you know whether or not a kid is faking it.',1
'seems like the clown would get fired, but the extreme religous right can excrete hate movies where innocent people get killed for it, i guess there are double standards, who "woulda thunk it."',1
'what a dumba$$....its embarrassing that people even think like that anymore.',1
'artiell... boy you really need to get laid. man it really shows  <lol>',1
'medication!',1
'"you can have my pbj sandwich when you pry it from my cold, dead slightly sticky but yummy tasting hands" - chuck heston',1
'no he shouldn\'t it\'s called freedom of speach..',1
'here\'s a concept you might try just stfu and move on.  you never know who you might work for or with in the future.',1
'the top 1% should be happy they don\'t live in france or  the netherlands where 75% tax is proposed on the rich.  when i was young and right after wwii i paid 51% on my income of 60 guilders a month.  did we complain? no!  because we knew it benefited all of us in the long run, after the devastations caused by the germans.',1
'life is rough',1
'eat a stink~hole!',0
'you could easily create a solar sill by using a few pieces of plastic(or other water resistant material), the sun, a container, and salt water. granted, the water produced may not by more than a cup or two a day, but it is enough to survive on.',1
'i\'m not seeing the racism in it!  get over it!  you want to be in the public\'s eye - take the heat!  quit crying!  why would you fire a clown??',1
'obviously the child knew about her own allergy. this was an accident (these are children under 10) the food given to her on the playground contained trace amounts of peanuts. the child that give her the food did not know there were peanuts in it either.  the schools rather be safe than sorry!',1
'i do not see where this was racist!  was there something left out of this article?',1
'he should be fired instantly.  what a jerk!!!  are we still living in the 40\'s & 50"s.',1
'she is the first lady.  you salute the uniform, not the person wearing it.  she\'s not a political figure; she is the wife of the president of the united states.    i don\'t see the joke as racist as much as it is sexist.  personally, i would not pay fifty dollars to see either presidential candidate naked-or both of them, come to that.  i think the clown needs a lesson on good manners.',1
'the article was about balancing payment of debt and investing for retirement. it was not about overall financial planning or a dave ramsay course. while having an emergency fund is important in financial planning, it is not with in the scope of this article.',1
'why should we care?',1
'she\'s female?',1
'i might agree with most of your comments, but you leave out what you want and therefore draw a wrong conclusion. if bill clinton had handled all the terrorists attacks when he was in, like the first attack on the twin towers, in stead of just lobbing over cruise missiles every time we were attacked (claiming we didn\'t know who did it so who do we attack) we might of had a different outcome ref. 9/11. or aleast not blaiming gb for 9-11.',1
'noobama, what did one of romneys goons say, we do acknowledge fact check. too sick and you too.',1
'christ! what a bunch of thin-skinned wimps our country has turned into. comedians have been making this kind of humor for a long time. i remember the first time someone called me a cracker. i laughed my butt off. i still think it\'s funny. i love how it\'s okay to joke all day long about white folks, but as soon as you make some comedic slur about any minority (unless you\'re one of that particular minority), you\'re suddenly an insensitive, racist jerk. grow up!',1
'nut allergies are becoming more severe and more common.',1
'talking about gorilla who looks most like monkeys than you with hair all over your bodies hair on your backs, legs, face etc , and you talk about people looking like monkeys hmmm  who was pass the test ? answer : you and yours',1
'i hear you on loving being self employed. there\'s no better way. ( i\'m a self employed landscaper)sorry to hear you got canned, goes to show you how corrupt people can get.   what does your company do?',1
'thanks for being there.  i\'m sure it\'s a thankless job most of the time.',1
'ummm...in most places it is aganist the law to pick up hitchhikers!',1
're: the joke.  stupid, and very old.  re president:  i think what he said was that he would have more "flexibility."  of course, that bothered me a bit too.',1
'i have a friend who lost out on some great job opportunities because of his mishandling of a job departure from years ago that has come back to bite him in the same posterior that he asked  his former boss to kiss. i can\'t believe that people think this kind of thing wont get around in the corporate circles in which they are employed. sure, if you are leaving the company for a better job, you are secure for now - but then what happens if you find yourself unemployed down the road? most companies provide  an exit interview with the exiting employee and a member of the hr staff. if there were problems with particular staff members or management, that\'s when it should be brought up.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'smcrae,    i will say that nothing has changed in the sense of making and changing rules to benefit our people. it\'s the "one bad apple" screws it up for everyone type of thing (i\'m not talking about allergy sufferers, or those with special needs etc). we are becoming a nation of self entitlement, and it sucks. trust me, i do a lot to help out people as much as i can, and i do not wish illness or death on anyone. as i said in my original post, we have to change certain rules to help people out, but we cannot change a rule every time one person has an issue. it almost seems like a bandwagon deal, everyone jump on. on the same note, it is the adults who make and change the rules, and these rules need to be looked at with an open mind.',1
'the ones in our city take nickels, dimes and quarters.  i was just going off the ones i use.  a nickel will get you five minutes.',1
'i also heard that the cartoon strip, "peanuts", is being banned by all newspapers that currently publish this comic strip.  in this regard, it has also been reported that charlie brown and linus are both presently in the intensive care unit.  full recovery is questionable.',1
'oh yhea???  that is exactly what is going on here...such is the pity.  common sense looses again.',1
'not a collar - white fur on the back of its neck.  the guy is trying to push the little cub away, but he really likes his new found playmate!  the cub sure is a cutie, but mom...not so cute!',1
'the cub does not have a collar on, it is white fur on the back of the neck that you are seeing. please people, there is no need to be hateful to people on here. calling people names for what they assume does not make any sense. be respectful, because their opinion means as much to them as yours does to you. just saying.........',1
'fifty years ago... that\'s un-american  forty years ago... absolutely ridiculous  thirty years ago... that\'s absurd  twenty years ago.. well maybe  ten years ago... let\'s not be politically incorrect  now... sorry kid, it\'s just policy.  now go eat your pink texturized burger.',1
'while i sympathize with your child and the fear you live with, the ban is unfair and a violation of childrens civil rights. i know had this rule been in place when my children were in school, my son would have starved. p & j was the only thing he would eat. this ban, i\'m sure, is a way for the schools to not have to police the children and what they\'re eating in the lunchroom, and to save the school from any potential law suits.',1
'if you enjoy pissin\' your money away on iphones, pos suv/pickups, and whatever else you don\'t need, you will never retire.  the rest of us will be sitting back drinking a cold one laughing at those who pissed away every cent on useless junk.',1
'what good does it do toget rid of one clown,when you have thousands of t party clowns running off the mouth everywhere.stupid is as stupid does!!!!!',1
'bayout: 5 gets you 10 he isn\'t.',1
'this answer will be different for everyone.  i am fortunate, i make a good living, and am in a higher tax bracket, so my marginal federal income tax rate is 28%.  i get a good current tax break on my contributions.  also, deductions for 401k contributions are above the agi line on your federal income tax return - deductions above the agi line are few, and many other below-the-agi-line deductions can be limited if your agi is above certain irs limits.  additionally, my employer has a 401k plan that is better than most - 4% match and a 4% safe harbor contribution, so if i put 4% of my own in, i\'m getting 12% of my pay once the employer throws in those contributions.  that\'s a no-brainer.  you could think of employer matching as just additional return on your contributions; that is how i look at it.  i do agree that in general, mortgage debt is the only debt that could remotely be considered "good" debt ( and i\'m using "good" loosely).  if you have a cheap mortgage and your employer has a good 401k plan, you should probably be saving at least the minimum required to get all of the employer-matching.',1
'what happen to free speech the liberals cry about all the time??? hypocrites  .......',1
'it seems to me the lack of class in the people in this country is growing along with the lack of real education.  this country now allows clowns to take center stage in place of important news.  what does that say about education and intelligence in america?',1
'love the brain surgeons who don\'t realize that\'s actually a tuft of white fur that most russian grizzlies have on thier back/shoulders.  get some glasses.',1
'just to make things clear, i have nothing against him being black. race should not matter when choosing our president, but i feel that many people voted for him because it was cool.',1
'another bible thumper.',1
'i did not need to read his article to make my decision on what to do with my money.  neither should anyone else.',1
'people may be allergic to many food items.  this includes the gluten in bread.  perhaps all sandwiches should be banned?  in fact, the safest course of action for the viola school district would be to ban all food items.  beverages should be limited to commercially prepared bottled water. this  would help to  minimize the possibility of legal liability for the school. i think vilola school district should go on record as the only school district in the country that has banned school  lunches all together.  in this fashion, they could garner international scrutiny for being the nut cases they truly are.',1
'it\'s not just about eating them moron, whoops excuse me, it\'s not just about eating them moron.  some people are so allergic that touching the hand of a child who just ate a pb sandwich will lead to an emergency trip to the hospital. we don\'t know if there is such a child at this school, in fact we don\'t know enough about this situation at all to go off ranting and raving in all caps like a lunatic.',1
'that crazy old broad should be in a nursing home!!!!',1
'doing my pelosi parody: you have to elect romney to find out what kind of president he\'ll be.',1
'i don\'t but i won\'t bash anyone that does. seems a little weird to me, i\'ve never heard of men\'s makeup before. but hey, if that\'s your thing, than go for it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'headline news: clown loses job over telling jokes to thin skinned americans , and oh unemployment at an all time high , and by the way muslims protesting the whole nation because their feelings are hurt again , so they as peaceful people are causing worldwide rioting, killing, and burning us flags.......damn clown.......',1
'he is suppose to work to pay "your" social security? oh really?  ha ha that\'s a good one.  your calling this guy a moron?  well i work to pay into social security and always have. seems to me he\'s not to moronic if he was able to punk fox news to put him on.',1
'@srw86..well said and i to am a white woman..regardless of whether or not she\'s the first lady or whether she\'s black or white to say such disgusting things about any woman especially on a public front is totally disrespectful and disrespectful to women as a whole..this so-called "man" is just what he pretends to be..a clown!!..as a mother i would be extremely ashamed of my sons if either of them ever spoke that way especially in public..luckily i don\'t have to worry about that because my sons treat women with the respect they deserve.  i\'m not a fan of obama\'s and definitely not one of romney\'s, however i\'m intelligent enough to see past the politics and realize just how disrespectful, childish and rude this was to both michelle obama and ann romney!',1
'with wages going down, the tax base goes down.  we have to increase wages, but then corporations would not make huge profits they are doing now. as long as they pay minimum wage with no benefits people will work and still collect food stamps which the middle class will be paying for. the cycle will not change  and will get worst with tax cuts for the top earners. i guess its like the game monopoly, when you have all the property and money you win.',1
'i can\'t imagine what they thought about child molestation back in 1919, but i also can\'t imagine why they wouldn\'t turn this stuff over to police and let them handle it. afraid of the negative publicity, i guess. now it\'s blowing up in their faces.       the first scout law: "a scout is trustworthy. a scout tells the truth. he is honest, and he keeps his promises. people can depend on him." apparently this doesn\'t apply to the adult leaders.',1
'thats a disgusting thought! yuk',1
'this is great fun. i love jokes and have a million of them (not as many as dollars that mittens has stashed in offshore bank accounts though. hahahahahah)....no but seriously, why do mormons like watching dirty movies backwards? they like to see the part where the hooker gives the money back. hahahahaha  why do repub politicians never conduct business where a prostitute is working? professional courtesy. hahahahahah  what\'s the difference between janna ryan and ann romney when they\'re turning tricks? janna uses vasoline and ann uses polygrip. hahahaha i\'ve got so many more jokes for you tightie rightes who love jokes! :-)  ok ok....but just one more then i have to get back to work. why do you always invite two mormons to go fishing with you? if you only invite one they\'ll drink all your beer! hahahaha you\'ve been great. we\'ll be here all week. be sure to tip your waitresses and bartenders.',1
'i cant wait 4maries show . i love her she is great .',1
'go to acornonline.com and you can buy it.',1
'rebecca,not everyone likes that horrible creamcheese or soy butter! maybe your not hirting financially, but a lot of people are!! your comment was stupid!!',1
'please stop shouting.',1
'it\'s ridiculous to penalize the whole school for one kid. if it were my kid i would never be so selfish as to insist the whole school revolve its lunch program for him. i would simply make other arrangements.  rets & young, you\'re either both pigheaded or just looking to argue...actually both. i can tell you think your kids are gods gift, but they\'re just another kid in a school. get over yourselves. majority rules.',1
'boo loves to walk. that and fetching her denta stik from the kitchen.',1
'my favorite downfall parody is the last piece of toilet paper...     iphones are way overrated...paying top dollar just to have internet everywhere...',1
'hey mikey, how you been? i agree with you on that one, you know he should be fired but he won\'t be. corruption in it\'s finest. what is a four track?',1
'i bet the rodeo clown was laughing. "nobody was laughing" is codeword for democrats didn\'t like it. they routinly ignore the facts to suite themselves.',1
'how\'s that racist?',1
'i read the joke in its originality and could find nothing racist about it at all!  i don\'t get it!  where in his joke did he mention anything about race?  he was comparing two women who\'s husbands happened to be vying for the presidential seat in november...i guess it\'s okay for everyone else to crack jokes about the race; but not him.',0
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_l_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                  ',0
'where do you get your information about goon squads, lynching mobs, etc?...although, as soon as obama took office, federal agents came to my door and took away my guns, killed my unborn children, and made me marry a man...just like rush said they would.',1
'ummm, i love michelle. i think she is a good role model and has been able to keep your head about things even when people have issue with stupid crap like her dresses not having sleeves. should the guy be fired. sure, he obviously don\'t know funny. however, was the joke rasist? i\'m not so sure, it still would have been a rude "joke" if he was talking about a white woman.',1
'what a piece of ****.  it seems that hayhurst came out of his mother\'s ****. what about that!',1
'grizzly attacks man',1
'so true!! he really better watch his back, the vultures wait ruthlessly for anyone, as you put it so well, to go \'off script\'!',1
'not sure how this is a racist joke.  rude and disrespectful, but not racist.  just b/c the person at the receiving end of a joke is a minority doesn\'t make the joke racist.  it is rude b/c michelle obama is a classy, intellegent lady who doesn\'t deserve to be compared to a playboy bunny.  since when are political figures off limits to comdedians? it disturbs me that if anything is said about someone who is a minority it is about their race.  perhaps it is just about that particular person and would be true no matter what the color of their skin.  after all, i don\'t have to know anything about the color of clown\'s skin to know that he is a rude man with no sense of humor.',1
'if she of all people can get over it, you people need to.',1
'funny, you don\'t sound smart enough to be in either of these highly intellectual capacities.  perhaps you are sponging off of one...',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'ok if we had a president we could respect,which we do not!',1
'maybe some are trying to read more into the joke than what was intended. it seems their are many people out there that don\'t look for hidden meanings or something to be offended by. trying to take things and twist them around to your agenda is what is causing america to go the direction it is. if everyone would just work towards the greater good and stop the propaganda of hidden agendas we would be in a lot better situation.  the news media just wants to stir up things for the opposition of their candidate, and don\'t let them fool you, the ceos of each media conglomerate have their own candidate they want to win and will slant the news in favor of them.',1
'the majority of people with peanut allergies do not have a fatal/near fatal reaction to them. it is estimated there are 150 peanut related deaths in the us per year.',1
'i was allergic to homework and tests in school and there was no bans on them to protect me. why should i support this peanut ban?',1
'there\'s no hell.  there\'s no heaven. there\'s no god.    wake up.',1
'i would have done exactly what she did',1
'yes. get rid of the bum.',1
'which solution is really ridiculous?   so a child gets to choose between an education and dying, just so someone can bring a pb&j sandwich to school?',1
'correction the problem is not president obama\'s it is michelle obama\'s and her want to mother this country!     sorry mrs. ob but you programs are causing more harm then good! just read the above paragraphs! most likely because sam kass is a chef and not a child welfare professional.',1
'are you as dumb as you sound?',1
'so mean. : /',1
'yes. this is the fist lady of the united states.',1
'the fact that u don`t agree with me,makes whom an ignorant?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you just saw it, for christ sake ! ! ! ! !',1
'what is a rodeo clown?',1
'congrats bob. your parents must be so proud.',1
'the reason this will not work is because a lot of the kids with peanut allergies can\'t touch peanut products.  if a "regular" child gets peanut butter or peanut dust on their clothes or their skin and a child with the allergy touches it, they will still stop breathing.  the problem isn\'t just in a child not eating what they are allergic to.  that\'s the big problem.',1
'more young lives lost while tweeting or texting.  these young men were out having the time of their lives; little did they know it would be their last. some of these posts who think these guys deserved to die just because they exercised bad judgment are people who have always made the perfect decisions all of their lives, right?',1
'you and machelle are both racist . you know it , so does she,. and the whole country knows she is. so fuc- you nig-er bitches.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'i think it was the national geographic part more so then the money.',1
'who cares how much either gets? neither one of the two make squat. your comparing apples to nothing. if your saying the romney\'s are thieves and rich, so are the obama\'s. what you should think about when it comes to the theive\'s who are rich are the a-holes on wall street. who do you think funds both parties??',1
'i\'m with scamp....i would\'nt give michelle obaboon to sweat off my balls if she was dieing of thirst.',1
'christians do not judge either! have you?',1
'first of all, saying the child should be homeschooled is denying that child the basic right they have to a public education... that\'s right, you pay taxes, you have the right to a public education.    second of all, those saying "what if peanut butter is all they could afford", if they\'re so hard up that they can\'t afford cream cheese instead of peanut butter (soy butter, or sunflower butter), they would be on reduced or free school lunch.    third of all, this is a child\'s health we\'re talking about here.  how can you not see that their right to live is worth more than your child\'s want for a pb&j sandwich?  the mother in this article was an idiot.  nut ban in place for 6 years, then the child\'s sandwich is confiscated and she acts shocked?  umm, no.  you knew, you sent it anyways hoping it would slip past and now you\'re pissed that it didn\'t.  next time just send a jelly sandwich, one less thing for you to buy (if the woman really is "so broke she can only afford pb&j".)',1
'until this country wakes up it will get worse. stop all foreign aid, especially to those that murder our citizens over there religious beliefs give money to only us citizens and not the ones who were born here to non us citizens. freeze the amount of legal immigration every so many years. stop the welfare gravy train to those breeding like rats regardless of race. quit buliding these exotic prisons and put them in tent cities out in barron areas. time to take care of our own and only those that want to contribute and not looking for hand outs. tired of my tax dollars going to countries that hate us and our own people who don\'t care.',1
'== over50luv  ===-=-six years ago .o i need show my deeply appreciation for this site and strongly suggest any of you who believe that "age is never an issue in seeking love"  goes there for your potential inter-generational soul mate !!! hope you all will be as happy as i am now.',0
'i have seen supermodels who are viewed as beautiful on the outside , and paid thousands of dollars , but are shallow, vain b_itches ( naomi campbell, to name one,  who by the way is  50 shades of ugly without her her weave and makeup, with an ugly spirit to match i might add)  this woman is the picture of what true beauty is.........courage, faith..... strength.... honor .....dignity.... and pride in being who you are......she is in no way ugly....... true beauty comes from inside...',1
'whites have sickle cell anemia, this is a disease that was discovered in europe.  it is not a "black"  issue, it is a blood disorder when the blood cells cannot get enough oxygen, very apparent in high altitudes.  the blood shapes itself like a sickle and cannot not move through the body and not every black person has it.       i am sure that whites in jail has the same feeling.',1
'omg  i get blasted for not using the correct word  than or then i forget now. my middle name is syntax error so sue me',1
'troll.',1
'is this high school? they are both crazy dumb b*t*hes. lindsay you might want to put a little more effort into your pathetic failing career and less into the legal troubles of your competition. and bynes, you may want to just stay at home and close the blinds next time you want to get high. this cry for attention is not gonna land you any respectable roles. but then again neither one of them can act worth a ****. lindsays best acting was done in the remake of "parent trap". she should have just called it quits then. maybe if she had people would remember her for her acting and not for being a massive f*c*ing trainwreck of a girl with no talent. even though i will never make close to the amount of money they will, i still feel sad for them knowing that no amount of money can buy either one of them brains. their iq\'s combined might equal that of my labrador.',1
'in ancient times..it was so valued, if you got caught stealing it...your hands were cut off!  research it.',1
'that joke was so funny, the man riding the bull at the rodeo fell off  because he was laughing so hard!!!!',1
'john, i read this same article last year, when we had colour, and it still did not do the great river byway at all,    we are fly overstates and are ignored all of the time',1
'yep, exhibition of speed. i was given a ticket for the back tire on my car chirping on the crosswalk. i had a mustang with a four-speed and as i was making a right hand turn, the back tire chirped on the cross walk as i went across and he wrote me up.',1
'playgirl offered me $15 to pose............:)',1
'your title says it all!!!!!!!! please',1
'last i heard, il is not south of the mason-dixon line. get an education!!!!',1
'no, it was a joke. im black by the way and every race has racist. it\'s only takes one person to turn someone into a racist.  i was raised to not be one no matter how people treat me. im not raising my kids to be the same way but, yes all races have them.  not just blacks or whites.',1
'have a nice day',1
'are you talkin about detroit?',1
'tarpaper       explain your ignorant comment, use facts and be specific.',1
'real talk 414  who michele obama?  would want to date that beast? i don\'t think so,  she is one ugly chick.',1
'water medication condoms psychiatric therapy bullets church services/membership dying (marlane beat me to it)',1
'there are children that will have an anaphylactic reaction to a person that ate a peanut minutes earlier and just came by them and talked to them.  they are so allergic that the minute particles in a person\'s breath can kill them.  are you saying that a parent\'s decision on what to feed their child supercedes another child\'s right to live?  imagine how you would feel if your child had such a deadly allergy and you had no way of homeschooling them.',1
'it\'s the national geographic reference.  who traditionally has been depicted with few clothes on in national geographic.  get it!',1
'it has nothing to do with the timeline and hooking it into which administration.  the whole peanut and minority rule trend has been ongonig for a decade or longer and probably can be traced back to the clinton adminitration.  but the whole minority rules thing has been filtering via lawsuits all the way back to madalyn murray o\'hair and contributed to the beginning of the deterioration of the school system.  i think they teach liberalism and progressivism in our colleges.',1
'- please point me to just one credible, scientifically based study that proves your contention that merely smelling a nut can kill someone...',1
'yeah... one more person out of work!  they could have given him a choice to apologize for his \'outrageous act\' or quit...then his unemplyment check would have been delayed.',1
'i\'m beginning to love america, again! viva la\' weed!',1
'@back...well than that kid shouldn\'t  be in that school, or go to a special secluded classroom. the whole student body cannot be expected to cater to a couple of abnormal allergies. carry an epi pen or stay home.',1
'capitan has been repeatedly taken home and runs away to return to the cemetary, he is cared for by workers there.',1
'ha ha ha ha ha, way too funny....good one.',1
'i\'m actually at a loss of words. i love my country and will fight to the death for it, but what the hell is wrong with us? i understand we have to make certain rules to protect certain people, but this is ridiculous.. i see crap like this more and more, and it\'s seriously getting out of control. there was a grade school kid last week who had to remove his football jersey which had the number of his favorite player on it, all because the number "18" had relevance to gang activity.. wtf? what happened to critical thinking and using common sense and discretion?',1
'really?  kittywoman? is that the best you can do.  and yes i went to school and my teachers were not greedy self serving ****s .  screw you...then again...you would probably like that!',1
'omg! that is a racist comment? why? how? would it have been racist if the joke were reversed? would it have been racist against white ann romney? what has this country come to? so maybe baracks hussein obama\'s division is actually working, "rules for radicals" works, and the media buy\'s right into it.',1
'route 100 is also awesome this time of year !!!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i am so "sickntired" of people like rt in nashville, who miss the point because they are blindsided by their own rigid mentality that  president obama is not and never has been worthy. consequently, everyone and everything remotely associated with him is considered unworthy, useless, irrelevant, etc.  i dare anyone to make a joke about what\'s her name bush (the one with the twin daughters) posing nude or being offered money for a photo shoot when they were in office.  people would have been up in arms, and she was a sorry excuse for a first lady.  condoleeza shone brighter than she did!   i hate that tennessee itself is so backwards and in some ways still operates with a  post -1865 and pre-1964 mentality, from the state capital in nashville to the hills in the east.  it\'s people like rt who don\'t and never will get it.  (btw-i hope this is original enough for ya!!!!)',1
'what an absolute f****g moron...typical pos libtard...',1
'i am very bewildered by the seemingly consensus dismissal of the last 2 songs on dylan\'s tempest. the album itself is sounding better all the time, and should be in a territory. the title track: i want to hear it frequently and have no trouble consuming its full length every time. this one, the lennon  song , and others on the album gain power by their staccato repetition. dylan seems particularly good in harnessing the power of this technique. tempest song is  simple musically, allowing one to focus on the juicy details in the words and the voice of the teller , filled with all kinds of nuanced gravel. the words are more slurry and murky in roll on john, letting you wallow in the elegiacal melody, indelible in its staccato rhythm. it doesn\'t say anything? has anybody attempted to interpret the lyrics? they sure read well',1
'i am very lucky that my children do not suffer from food allergies, it would be terrifying to think that another child\'s lunch could cause a fatal allergic reaction in your child. sadly many parents have to struggle with that reality, carry epi-pens and safe food wherever they go. it is not unreasonable for schools to want to protect students that are medically fragile. if that means banning peanut butter parents should respect that and not send it in, and remember to be grateful to not have to worry about food allergies.',1
'char i can tell you havn\'t been laid in a long time. go take your geritol',1
'really , so what about bush who started a war based on lies and is responsible for millions of innocent people dead or injuried.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'vote for rocky anderson!!!!!!!',1
'bad advice from all the crooked politicans should be free. sixteen trillion is quite a bill for bad advice don\'t you think?',1
'i have seen supermodels who are viewed as beautiful on the outside , and paid thousands of dollars , but are shallow, vain b_itches ( naomi campbell, to name one,  who by the way is ugly as **** without her her weave i might add)  this woman is the picture of what true beauty is.........courage, faith..... strength.... honor .....dignity.... and pride in beibg who you are......she is in no way ugly.......',1
'no, it\'s called freedom of speech.',1
'**sarcasm alert**   so i\'ll show up to your child\'s school tomorrow with whatever he/she is deathly allergic to. he/she will die but it\'s no ones business so it\'s perfectly alright. sound good?',1
'it is a tax, even called a tax.  it is forced by the government so it is a tax.  401k is not forced so that is not a tax   it is an investment',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'first, the interest you earn on a savings account is not a capital gain.  it\'s taxed like ordinary income.  a capital gain tax is paid when you sell a capital asset, like stocks, or carried interest for romney.    if romney inherited anything he didn\'t pay a dime in tax.  the donor did.    the income tax is a progressive tax (for a reason), but payroll taxes are not.  payroll taxes, on an effective rate, gets lower as the taxable income get over the $108k ceiling, because ss tax stops at that level.',1
'true... just a pervert of nature.',1
'you have a whores name',1
'and obama did?',1
'this report missed to point out that teitoi did in fact pray.   and as my own personal experience with prayer goes., i would not dismiss this possibility.',1
'the only things missing on the right wing/tea party is the white hoods and the funny little pajamas.',1
'private venue makes the rules, stand on a street corner, spout views and that\'s ok.',1
'i\'m sorry, but if your face looks like any kind of animal and i don\'t like you, i\'m going to call you out on it. why sugar coat it? i don\'t care what race you are...white, black, asian, hispanic, whatever. doesn\'t matter. ugly is ugly',1
'lost a little respect at that one.  actually turned me off from his new movie!',1
'sounds like she got herself a " french model ", bonsure !  lol',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yes, you should keep an epi pen close by if you or your kids have allergies that acute! i knew a guy in high school who always had one clipped to his belt. also, in relation to this story, peanut butter cannot go airborne. no dust particles.',1
'man, stop with this blonde haired, blue eyed crap already!! remember, that was hitler, not president obama!!!  you wouldn\'t hate the minority issue if you were handicapped in some way!! i feel bad because i am half german because of hitler, his birthday is even in the same month as mine!!  go figure!! like i keep saying, we are all doomed, especially if rob-me romney even squeeks by in winning this election!!!',1
'judging others is mean too. shame on you',1
'"the military is the largest expense of our budget by a longshot."       i\'ll never understand idiots that are so adamant about incorrect information. take two seconds to look up the federal budget before you post idiocy.',1
'crax is the quinticential red neck republican.',1
'i ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches everyday for months on end in school. nobody died!',1
'flat tax.  everyone pays the same % on whatever money they make, income, interest, stocks etc.',1
'i have to agree with your point of view there maker  i am sure you have had been forced to take more than your fair share of pics of fat people and that if for no other reason than a miracle  would have broken your cameras  you have to forgive 65 there hes practicing talking out his azz and doing a fantastic job of it if you ask me that\'s a talent that should take him far',1
'so many people dont read the article and write whatever comes to mind- pretty childish in my opinion. in the article, it says it\'s a peanut free school why else would they have "a ban on peanut products".     i agree with you dc, posting here are many that have no allergies, their circular logic confounds me.',1
'$13,000 in 1971 is very good money.  i earned that in 1995 when i started to work.  interestingly, i was a science major with a degree.  i hate to say it, but people of your generation just don\'t realize how times have changed.       and yes, i\'ve been putting in the max into retirement ever since i stopped living in poverty.',1
'you must be one of those illegal ****s',1
'herekitti, the first paragraph seems to fit u and ur hypocritical racist as*. talk slanderously mitt\'s wife while kissing obama\'s',1
'retirement happens when you can no longer get a job because you are too old. in this economy that\'s about age 50.',1
'i see crax is in his favorite position again. batter up...',1
'romeny fact.... takes over comapnies lays off 2/3 of the employees then shuts the buisness down what a good track record !!! look it up anyone who thinks hes creating jobs is isnt listening to all the facts !!! hes telling u what u wanna hear but not what hes really doing ...',1
'you are correct my friend.',1
'i mean your from texas. that says enough.',1
'that is appalling... poor dog is going to die if some of that weight isn\'t taken off of him.   why people let their pets get in that shape is beyond me. i love mine and they   do get some table scraps as treats but that\'s it..and it\'s not often. i make sure they   get plenty of exercise to boot. you\'re a cutie obie, but you need to get healthy big boy!   good luck to you!!! and to dr. nora, thanks for caring about him & for him.',1
'he was at a rodeo.  he probably thought he was speaking to a receptive audience.',1
'number 6 is too cute for words. i know cats will curl up with each other, but i\'ve never seen two cats "spoon."',1
'truth...i see someone else just saw ms. powers on fox a little while ago!  the term dr. phil foreign policy = spot on.',1
'msn, is racist.  just because you call yourself a journalist or news source does not give you free license to repeat a racist joke which you just did.  you are just as racist as the clown.  shame on you.',1
'wow, you paid almost 30 thousand in taxes and got back only 6 thousand, you shouldn\'t be hurting like the rest of us are. i could only dream of paying 24 thousand dollars in taxes',1
'you\'re an idiot',1
'two has-beens enter, one has-been leaves.',1
'you can\'t control whether your kid shares their food when they\'re at school.  why are you talking about milk.  focus.',1
'no: why is it that when a non black person tells a joke about a black evrybody get irate, but when a black tells a white joke it\'s not racists? or it\'s ok for a black comic to grab his crotch and everybody thinks it\'s funny.also why is it that only blacks can call each other the n word and it ok? but let a white or any other person say the n word and everybody in gongress comes out with a very bad comment on ethics.',1
'late to the game comme d\'hab but i wonder how kael fans reconcile that quote jason posted about "refugees from hitler" with her odious review of shoah. for me, it\'s a reminder that a pop-friendly ethos sometimes conceals a stubbornness if not a perversion of democracy worthy of the most unwavering avant-gardist.',1
'they would be a whole lot better that the previous eight.',1
'bennie and the boys buying 40 biillion per month of mbs will actually hurt the lower and middle class. it will momentarilly sugar high the market. all these central banks making money out of thin air will come home to roost, maybe next year. never ending monitizing of debt just isn\'t good policy.',1
'"so are we supposed to put our children in bubbles suits"    but you are completely ok with putting the rest of society in bubble suits to accommodate the few?',1
'wow! with a nasty, negative attitude like that, how do you get up and face your day?!? i, for one, believe that we certainly have a better than snowball chance in hell!!!  obama has done nothing in 4 years, only an ignorant, misguided person would vote for another 4 years of hell that he\'s given us!!',1
'the clown should be fired as a representative of the rodeo the assumption could be that his views were that of the rodeo. the rodeo did the right thing by firing him rather than lose sponserships or audience members. the joke was in bad taste and disrespectful for the current 1st lady (if you like her or not).  that\'s a joke fo an audience of your own peers, not a public event.',1
'that is ok, you don\'t need to see it as racist.      the rodeo board fired him for his comments, they are the only ones that really matter.  apparently there was something in it they didn\'t like.',1
'after reading this ignorance ....i got such pleasure knowing that this fool was booted by that bull!!! lol! ...hurray for the bull. i hope he booted him right up his ****!',1
'how is this news i was told that all males there wear it  weird but true too a point what do we care that\'s way over there and we are here  shakes head  come on msn',1
'act iii, scene i has commenced.',1
'i don`t know bout ur demographics,but i grew up with archie bunker,george  jefferson,fred sandford,etc,back in those days anyrthing went,untill some intellectual sh.tbag came out with the phrase \'political correct\' btw noboby felt insulted,people knew how to laugh at themselves',1
'a rodeo clown in creston? of course he meant it to be racist. why fire him though. it\'s not like the next one they hire will be any different',1
'it was mainly topless black women from afican tribes being shown in national geograohic magazines when such articles were published.',1
'wind up?  in the making?  i think it\'s safe to say they are already there!  but i agree, no pets or contact with animals of any kind, ever.  rot in prison, a**h*les.',1
'these tax rates are ridiculous!  the tax schedule rates should be set up the same as a diabetic\'s sliding scale insulin rate.  the more you make, the more you pay.  the less you make, the less you pay.  this should apply to all citizens, whether you\'re a ditch digger, a doctor or a congressperson or president!   no wonder this country is so screwed up!  the rich think they deserve a better deal than everyone else!',1
'alcohol doesnt help either.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what does matter is there was a policy in place for 6 years and the mother chose to violate it.  if she had a problem with it, she should have taken it up with the school board, not taken another child\'s life into her hands by sending in that sandwich.  how would she have felt if her act killed another child?',1
'the officials are nuts !',1
'that joke is so old ! you are really out of it. msn - news? i don\'t think so- ever.',1
'remember, american voters elected them over democrats ( aka food stampers).',1
'very well said "couldnotsavedisplay  ​ name"!! when more people are riding in the cart than pullin it, we are doomed!!!! wake up america!!!!!',1
'troll!  you chose to look at this site!',1
'i have always been a good saver but learned to be a good investor later in life.  it took me a long time to invest in stocks because i did not know anything about them and because my father always told me you could lose everything if you invested in the stock market.  the first stock i purchased was because of a recommendation from a co-worker. i did not know anything about the security other than it paid a good dividend. at first the stock did well and then it tanked and i lost my money. the lesson i learned was to do my own research. i found out i was pretty good at picking out securities and have been making my own investment choices for years.        i learned you have to be patient, you have to diversify, and you really must do your homework before investing your hard earned money. when i first started investing you really had to work at it to research a company. everything changed once the computer age and the internet was born. it still takes time to do the research but what once took weeks may take ',1
'change the theme to pimps and hoes.',1
'lived in white mtn and around most life got feed up with trees and moved to boise id ,,yap their no trees here ,,t  rolling hills ..with out trees,,mmmmm',1
'the artwork is beautiful.  i don\'t see a problem, since the story wasn\'t negative.',1
'o.k. 1st - i am a mom.  i pay my kids accounts.  2nd - if i don\'t, it\'s my fault & only my fault that my kid didn\'t have lunch that day.  3rd - why should these teachers/admin/lunch  ​  workers pay for his lunch?  do you realize that on any given day 100 kids or more could have forgotten to bring lunch or parents forgot to pay the account? i\'ve had kids in school for 22 years.  i have never heard of the school not notifying you your account is low or negative.  i get a written note & an e-mail from the account @ the $10.00 mark (you can usually choose the amount you want to be notified at!).  and, in addition to this, our kids are schooled in a small tri-town school system where we actually run out of supplies.  our teachers buy their own supplies, now they should buy lunches, too?  lastly, the parents could pack a snack or 2 in their childs bag everyday so they always have something to eat.  i do in case they don\'t particularly like their lunch choice & didn\'t have enough to eat.',1
'i think rodeo clown is alluding to photographs that national geograhpic takes of indigenous people in their natural setting, such as the women in african tribes who are often depicted in national geographic topless and sometimes with no clothing. this is natural in their culture. if this, in fact, is what clown is refering to, then it is an insensitive and ignorant joke, for our first lady is very educated, and she is very cultured and dignified.',1
'i would not send an email. i would go around to the ones that i liked & respected & wish them well   & not say anything to anybody else. just slide out the door when the time came. if i did send an   email, it would be to the owners daughter that \'works\' there & tell her what i think of her. but i\'d    rather do it to her face...',1
'let\'s see.  girls who are wearing leopard prints are prey?  most animal prints of prey animals are completely boring.  so what was the problem here?',1
'when this women takes "forever" to get ready for a date, there should be no complaints, period.',1
'you can\'t...sorry.  you\'re stuck with obammy',1
'well let\'s be completely honest here it isnt as if michelle obama is a looker lol. the only people that view that as racism are the same idiots that support nobama. so now in this country you cannot make fun of a black person without it being racist? because i see redneck jokes , hillbilly jokes, etc...used daily by the moronic liberals and the minorities and they seem to think that is perfectly okay. it is ironic that alot of blacks that so despise racism practice it against other races daily and find it perfectly alright.',1
'quit hatin\'.',1
'we do not choose what we are born as but we do choose what kind of person we will be and this rodeo clown made the choice to be an ********.',1
'evolve2. biology to develop or arise through evolutionary processes.    apparently some were quibbling over definition, so here we are, just to clarify. please pass along to inquiring minds however simple they may be. while they argue the semantics of my post [as usual] they missed the whole point. and instead responded in their typical hateful, vulgar half witted fashion.',1
'funny!',1
'katz williams a dark skinned american     and a clown     said.. comedians do not apologizes.     at the time he passed ethnics slurs to americans with mexican heritage.  few months ago.       ',1
'a worthwhile goal, just think of the stories you\'ll have to tell. maybe i\'ll see you there.',1
'vavet, with less than a 50% graduation rate already they shouldn\'t continue the current experiment.',1
'peanut butter and jelly is all some kids will eat, including myself when i was a littkle kid.',1
'i agree with you on this one. my daughter has a severe reaction to chocolate. does that mean that the school shouldn\'t serve chocolate? i don\'t think so. as her mother it is my job to educate her on the allergy. and at 5 she knows that if it contains chocolate not to eat it. just because there is an allergy does not mean that children who are not allergic should be denied the right to eat what ever the item is. and in the case of food allergies it is only a problem if it is eaten or contaminates a food eating by the person with allergies. a meal sent from home canot possibly contaminate the foods cooked by the cafeteria and if the child is in school they are obviously old enough to know that they cannot eat it.',1
'oh, dan...you\'re just vexed cuz your wife likes bangin\' the bro\'s and doesn\'t wanna have anything to do with your tiny flea sized excuse for a we knee',1
'it was either mrs. fitzgerald or the video game :)',1
'deinitely cute!',1
'marijuana and mental health  a number of studies have shown an association between chronic marijuana use and increased rates of anxiety, depression, and schizophrenia. some of these studies have shown age at first use to be an important risk factor, where early use is a marker of increased vulnerability to later problems. however, at this time, it is not clear whether marijuana use causes mental problems, exacerbates them, or reflects an attempt to self-medicate symptoms already in existence. effects on the heart  marijuana increases heart rate by 20-100 percent shortly after smoking; this effect can last up to 3 hours. in one study, it was estimated that marijuana users have a 4.8-fold increase in the risk of heart attack in the first hour after smoking the drug.5 this may be due to increased heart rate as well as the effects of marijuana on heart rhythms, causing palpitations and arrhythmias. this risk may be greater in aging populations or in those with cardiac vulnerabilities. eff',1
'love that dog!',1
'jamesess the clown made both remarks...about ar and mo.',1
'holding physical metal is a nuisance for the reasons given.  you pay the dealer on both ends, and not just a little.  i do hold some physical silver, mainly as something easy to deal out to heirs when the time comes, but i mostly have dealt with exchange traded funds and stocks.  i\'ve done okay because i have sold when it looked toppy and i was not far off the mark.  still, for retirees like myself on relatively low income, the extra taxes on precious metals are a real pain.    i believe it\'s wrong to call precious metals "investing."  it\'s really "speculation." and yes, "the treasure of sierra madre" does suggest that gold has some kind of vibe that makes people go nuts.',1
'at the schools in fairfax va the students who bring anything with peanuts etc. sit at a special table so as not to expose anyone with an allergy to nuts.',1
'meanwhile, for $1.00 you can get a granola bar packed with nuts out of the school\'s vending machine in the cafeteria.       i\'m allergic to curry, how about banning everyone from india from entering the building, they all reek of curry that they sweat out through their pores.       better yet, if your kid is allergic to peanuts keep it at home.',1
'if you can\'t learn the proper use of the apostrophe, i will be forced to withold your subscription to redneck monthly.',1
'you right about that',1
'it airs on pbs here in the us. if you want to watch seasons 1 and 2, you\'ll have to either buy them or stream them online from netflix. season 3 won\'t air here until january 6th. pbs also has some nice trailers, interviews, and behind-the-scenes videos on their site.',1
'you know that is the great thing about america we allow racist biggots uneducated ****s talk smack about our commander and chief because the color of his skin. our economy was in disaray long before he was in office and we all know this. its just that america true colors are coming out shame on this country, we go into other country\'s promoting equality and democracy but cant see to do it here at home, because of ignorant people who make insentive remarks about our president and his family thats right people he is our president weather you like it or not so get over it and grow up lets act ur age and not your shoe size. if this was russia all of you who bad mouth the president would have the kgb at ur door putting you on the first thing smoking to siberia. god bless america',1
'i would rather have a mormon in office than a muslim',1
'apparently i have greatly offended the pot head community.  i had no idea you people would be so active this early in the morning.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'to all the women who posted -  who are you?  how does ms. martinez\' issue affect you?  you women (well, i\'m not sure if you are truly women, as real women would never say gross and classless things).  when you are on a set, any set, all cast/crew, etc. should always treat everyone with respect no matter what the movie is about!   i would love to see you "so-called" women being treated this way, whether it be you, your mom, sister, etc....trust me, you would definitely being singing a different tune!  you women must be very insecure!  what a shame -- tsk, tsk!!  try to have a good day!',1
'yortoise, i was going to engage you in some legitimate debating....but it appears you are incapable. if you do not agree, you rag on their intelligence and call them names. i thought i might have found a legitimate debater and instead, you are just another  bully. later.',0
'isn\'t this like the 7th time mitt romney has ran for president. they finally found people for him to run against that were dumber than him, huh.',1
'@ truth.... i cant wait ither lol it will be pricesless!!!',1
'never an article that is correct.what happened to proof reading and having someone with knowledge take the task at hand. sounds like a bunch of buffoons. pathetic!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!',1
'these views are beautiful, but there is a whole world between the coasts, and we have beautiful scenery as well.',1
'yes but the town of chester should wave the fees . angela desrves to be able to help these children and the town should help her do this not hinder her . if they decide to fine her everyone should get together and help pay the stupid fine . sometimes bureaucracy gets in the way of doing the right thing . come on chester give these kids a break and help angela help them .',1
'well said!',1
'what was racist?',1
'i think i just skeeted a bit',1
'where are you getting your information? only the first $115,000???    i worked overseas last year so my income was "a lot" higher than normal; i made 170,000 and i was taxed over $35k which is 20%   i also just read warren buffet saying he only paid 11% but that was millions worth in taxes, so the 115k just isn\'t true.',1
'last week,this was the start of something big!    don\'t miss out!!!    this week..not so much....  gotta love the "experts".....      i prefer joshuas philosophy: "the only winning move is not to play."',1
'i usually find after following contractors around;...there are a lot of mistakes and cover-ups..  most really aren\'t worth the money they think they are...     then my wife writes this  a little knowledge, but i am a real pain in the **** to work for. i try to get 40.00 an hour for 3.00 an hour and then these worker people complain!!! go figure!      they do not claim the cash or check for wages, or don\'t pay taxes on all of or most of it, then we wonder why the gov..is going broke....mention you have to do a 1099 for business purposes and then watch them scatter or say they will do it for less...everyone trys to be a comedian...',1
'fabulous!!!!',1
'i do it just for the pain!!!',1
'the economy could be solved if all the stupid people quit buying foreign cars. and they think they are americans.',1
'howard hughes never payed any tax to  the goverment,he sets up hughes heart hospital which was a better investment.the government can\'t keep a buget in line,but can surly waste our money. he knew this years ago rest in peace mr hughes moonover007',1
'the communists -um democrats',1
'although the tax code is a mess and an abyss of loopholes, people in the us tend to only focus on the fed tax.  i agree its not equitable, but if people would add up all taxes paid from income, local, state, to purchases of all kinds, they would find we are very heavily taxed as citizens.  the amount we pay in total is far more than many other countries.  the so called "return on investment" we have is pretty low compared to countries whose citizens actually get something for that tax dollar.         personally, i feel tax and insurance poor.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'suv\'s stink',1
'you are missing the point.  racist jokes are not acceptable no matter your politics, religion, or comedic preferences.  those who politically are not with obama should be just as offended.  comedy over political philosophy is fine.  etc..  but racist remarks show a racist.  and racism has torn this country apart long enough.  whether we agree or not with president obama we should all celebrate as americans and as human beings and children of god the success of barack obama and his family.   when i see mitch mcconnell smirking and not showing respect for the president it makes me wonder what kind of people vote a bigot and self-righteous, close-minded person into office to represent them. the obamas are proof the american dream is possible for all, and all of us should at least rejoice that it can and has happened in our time.  let\'s keep moving forward as human beings and a culture and be civil in our discourse.',1
'bill maher is an annoying little weasel that should be hung by his balls!!!!',0
'why does it always have to be racism.  she\'s ugly and how could you say she\'s is beautiful?  i wouldn\'t give her a second look if she was the only woman left on earth.  tired of everyone making her out to be something she is not.  just like her husband, worthless.',1
'all i can say is - one is the first lady of the united states and the second is a, and you can\'t make this up, a clown!',1
'thanks for giving us the definition of male dominated.  have you ever heard of the military?  that is a male dominated workplace.  some of us just have the backbone to take that kind of pressure, unfair as it may seem, stop whining.',1
'inoyou so is your father who also happens also to be your uncle.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'post disgusting, miserable mutt, perfect elephant tool.  obama 2012',1
'not fiscally responsible?  no lunch.  i have no problem with this.',1
'i feel for you, but you have to realize that anything (good or bad) can happen to your children when they leave your home. heck, even in your home. you can\'t dictate what other people feed their kids, just like you can\'t dictate what religion they belong to or what political beliefs they have. it\'s your job to have an epi pen, and it\'s your job to protect your child. now if some bully (who\'s mad because he can\'t have his pb&j) finds out about your kids\' allergy, and rubs peanut butter in their face or something, then, please, by all means, go berzerk. i\'ll join you! unless that happens, let the other kids have their sandwiches and snickers bars.',1
'vero beach, florida - 1984. picture a cute little tow-headed 2-year old boy - he was naked because his diaper had been removed for changing, he was cleaned up and he jumped up and ran around near us. an older couple complained to someone who came down and told us to cover him up or be tossed off the beach - we were literally the only ones there with the exception of the other couple - now tell me, how offensive could that be? we see on beaches all the time these days, obese and old people in bikinis and thongs (gross). i think that is obscene, but they have a right to bare themselves like that and be held up to ridicule. common sense seems to have ceased to exist and certainly a lack of self-respect seems to be in the ascendency. oh well, to each his own i suppose - just keep it to yourself hahaha',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'many times, once they start writing a ticket, they will not stop, quota; heartless people     richard michael daley sold the rights of the people; and now cops write parking tickets @ public parks, beach front...., all criminals runs chicago politics....and the people accept it?',1
'i was accused of trying to buy grogeries with a bad check.i was hurt and embarrassed.i walked out went home and told my husband.he went back and got the food and straightened it out ,but i never went back to the store.that was over forty years ago.if it happened today i would sue the store.maybe not for thousands of dollars maybe just gas for my car the rest of my life,hopefully that could be in the thousands,if i live long enough.',1
'almost $75,000 just because they tore her money up and held her for a couple of hours?  this is why america is going down the tubes, because sue happy folks who think they\'re better than everyone else, and that their time is more valuable.  sorry, but you don\'t deserve anything more than an apology and the money you lost.  oh, and a kick in the pants for being so ridiculous.',1
'i agree mostly but...why should 100% of students be controlled for the 1-3% of those affected. separate an eating area for those affected rather than policing everyone.',1
'thats the problem with america, we pander to the weakest link. what we should do it tell them to keep their defective child away from my children and what they eat.',1
'i agree with you, but there is a big difference between adulthood and childhood, especially if these kids are only 5 yrs old.',1
'it is a poor decision. if a student has a allergy they will have an epi pen.  i run on allergy calls, as a medic, all the time. you cannot protect everyone.  there are so many things people have life threatening allergies to that are not banned.  the staff should be trained to deal with allergy issues. stop thinking there needs to be a rule for every situation.  people have had life threatening alllergies to nuts for ever. we all grew up with them around us, but we could still bring our choice for food to school.  it is the school overreaching with their power. what if a peanut butter sandwich is all they can afford? stop being a bully.',1
'can\'t tell if trolling or actually never wants kids',1
'the truth about percent versus dollars   everyone wants the rich ($250,000 is not rich) to pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes because they don’t think it’s enough. well, how much is enough? if someone is paying hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars in taxes already, why should they pay more? so what if it’s only 10, 12, or even 5% of their income. why should someone who works harder and sacrifices more, pay more? its evil, it’s wrong, it’s unfair. those paying millions are supporting the low lives of the country paying only a few hundred dollars. if that’s 20% of your income, maybe you just need to work harder? the rest of us are tired of supporting you.',1
'this has nothing to do with freedom o f speech. read the amendment (can you read?)  the government cannot make laws  restricting freedom of speech. everybody has that right, and idiots that mouth off like this guy must face the consequeces from other citizens that also have freedom of speech.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'when i first read about the clown making racist jokes about the president or first lady, i immediately checked to see if this happened somewhere in utah.',1
'what exactly does this have to do with the story above?',1
'how about, "kourtney and kim take cyanide."  i\'d watch that.',1
'"go arnold."  he\'s the best.',1
'she is right; that is he has ran for president several time\'s and you think he realize it is just not in the cards for him to be president. i guess what they say "common sense is not common"',1
'man lying for fifteen minutes of fame.....',1
'charge both employees with defacing government property and fine wal-mart.',1
'do not think clown should be fired;  michelle obama is a public figure and therefore subject to same derisive comments as anyone else in public life',1
'"now there\'s some sad things known to man, but there aint too much \'sadder\' than...the tears of a clown...sing with me now.!!!',1
'good riddens to you and "your" kind',1
'i actually like this country better than the fantasy land you wish it were.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'you know what. i\'m white and i vote left. i strongly condem racism of any kind and i fully support democracy and open discussion. there is no place for this sensless hate. if i herd someone attack my race, my first reaction would not be to think: "oh yay, now the\'ve opened the door and i am fully justified to call them names. yay!". do you know why? because i graduated grade 1. you uneducated, ignorant hick.',1
'how long did it take your **** to heal.....stupid',1
'what a clown.',1
'aww jack is precious!',1
'maggie       someone who loves this country cares about what the national debt is.        someone who loves this coun try does not put 1 american against another for his political gain.        someone who loves this country does everything in his power to bring americans closer together and america stronger.       please attempt to argue with those last 2 points.',1
'i agree if your child has a food or any other kind of allergy, educate them what not to touch or consume.  the school does not need to be taking sandwiches from kids with no allergies.  i write this as a parent of a chronic asthmatic son who is severely allergic to peanuts, cats and a slew of other things.  i taught him to speak up and let teachers know of his allergies, if they applied to anything they were doing in class.    parents need to be parents.  notify those people that have direct contact with your child of an allergy.  but most of all educate your child.  mine is 22 now and the schools did not have to ban any foods or take care of him in any special way.',1
'she\'s right...... bynes should be in prison..............  ​ in the cell right next to lindsay lohan .',1
'two hot chicks lip-locking in front of any normal person would turn them on....a couple of aids infected filthy pole smokers....well, the correct response is vomiting.',1
'all racist believe this is funny..  so, you know what that is saying about you right??',1
'interesting.   so the qe3 won\'t do much?  it seems like it will do a lot.  i think it will be wholly deleterious.  while the stagnant washington does little or nothing, any activity whether helpful or not, does not seem to be the response we need now.      to me, it seems that printing more money and further devaluing the dollar will be destructive to the overall health of the middle class.  now, the short term will help raise the market, and ameliorate people\'s views of what they think is the state of the economy.      but you are more knowledgeable about this than i am.   i appreciate your input.',1
'that\'s a sad fact.',1
'everyone on the planet is of the human race. to be a racist, is to hate everyone.',1
'i totally agree with the person who commented here that the media is trying to influence us and convince us what our societal standards should be. hardly thought the joke was racist, not at all. but, it was in poor taste. and, no one in this country is immune from criticism. as nations around the world start practicing tolerance it would be a good idea if they understood this much about we americans. the islamist followers need to relax in this 21st century. some guy made a film that allegedly criticized mohammed. so what? all current and former religious leaders have been criticized over time. relax.',1
'the 1st one he will pardon will be former illinois govenor rod blogoviich.mark my words.',1
'wow you people are sick or just bored and don\'t have a life.',1
'this story is such a load a crap.... i am not surprised that you need to invent a story to illustrate your point.',1
'i said the same thing to your mama ...',1
'you are talking about the violence going on in the world and the first thig you say is this clown should have his head bashed in!!!   maybe you should go talk to your parents about getting that abortion they forgot about, and the rest of us can go on living without your stupidity!',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'you say those stats include 8 years under bush, but the stats you are giving are during "the last 3 years". bush has been gone for over 3 years?!?!?',1
'it is just too easy too bait the fixed news people.',1
'this report missed to point out that teitoi did in fact pray.   and as my own personal experience with prayer goes., i would not dismiss this possibility.',1
'i have a four year old niece whose nut allergy is so severe that merely being touched by her father hours after he ate a handful of pistachios, sent her into anaphylactic shock and she nearly died. schools have these bans because more kids are being born with these bizarre food allergies every year, and there have been quite a few deaths of young children at school do to exposure to peanuts/peanut butter.  scientists have no idea what has caused the surge in life-threatening food allergies.  i think if you tell little johnny that emma could die from his pbj sammie at school, johnny would not mind eating something else for lunch, and enjoying his pbj at home.  unfortunately it\'s the parents who tend to have an "it\'s a free country!" knee-jerk reaction to a rule made to protect a dangerously allergic child.  teachers and students have had to watch little boys and girls suffocate to death in front of them, because their throats swelled closed after exposure to nut products.  these bans are not imposed for the hell of it.',1
'that\'s racist?  wow, our socialist and marxist reporters need to get out a bit more.',1
'she doesn\'t need the money, unlike ann, who just can\'t get enuff of it no matter what. who would you rather have for first lady. i say, keep that clown, the bulls need a butt for more jokes.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yep, they crawl out of the woodwork.',1
'does not matter what or who they are trying to look like like .... they simply are trying to look any thing but white.....',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'i hear ya! my ol\' man\'s been lugging block for 20 years and his forearms are huge!',1
'i was strictly a buy and hold guy til 1999/2000 when i started "investing" in high tech stocks where my investments doubled before crashing.  i was selling positions in stable stocks and "investing" in high tech prior to the bubble bursting.  fortunately i was only doing this with about 10% of my holdings so the losses weren\'t earth-shattering.  the most significant cost from this experience in high tech was that i just wanted to cut my losses on any of these investments.  if any of these stocks got back to my breakeven, i would sell them.  one of these was apple which i had purchased in the mid-19990\'s while still solidly buy and hold.  i sold after it had tripled from its low back to my breakeven price of about $30 on a split-adjusted basis.  i\'m pretty convinced that if i hadn\'t strayed from my life-long buy and hold strategy i would still own it today.  bottom line is that the missed oppportunity from not holding was far greater than the losses on even my bad investments.',1
'boo hoo! boo hoo!  leave it to msn, some damn people just got no sense of humor any more!!!!',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'your ignorance scares me more.......',1
'oh don\'t worry oh not so bright one.... we have a very powerful military 1 of our men can take out 10 of any other army navy or air force enough said your ignorance is jaded demo in the closet perhaps out of work an no place to call home but mommy\'s',1
'this is the best response ever!!!',1
'we already have a nation where 0.5% controls the rest. we call them \'the wealthy\' or \'ceos\' or \'politians\' or \'stockholders\'.',1
'you sound like you may be mentally challenged. i feel sorry for you dude.',1
'kids today are probably allergic due to parents and grand-parents eating unpasteurized foods and drinking sulphur water.  changed the genetic code, and now the kids are paying for it.',1
'teachers in chicago make nearly twice what the parents of their students make.  they want to give their students tests to determine student\'s ability, but don\'t want to be evaluated.  students are no where near ready to move to the next level.  more paid time off than most any other career.    who wouldn\'t want that job?  great pay, and no accountability.  the guy who makes fries at mcdonald\'s is accountable...which is more important?',1
'i haven\'t seen the fim so i can\'t say. from the sounds of it, it was a very unliked film. it created alot of chaos and people died as a result of it so my guess is it\'s not very good.',1
'their loved-ones are thinking, "damn, they\'re dead"...',1
'if only that were so...in a perfect society. but the reality is that racism does exist and should be talked about so we can try to end the racial divides that has plague the united states for centuries.',1
'my math teacher once told us "don\'t brag because pride always comes before the fall"',1
'i certainly don\'t hate you. i pity you because of your ignorance.',1
'my dad use to always tell me " be nice and show courtesy to everyone even if they don\'t deserve it because you never know if they own the **** that you might have to kiss one day and you damn well would rather kiss a clean ****"',1
'beauty is in the eye of the beholder!  beauty also comes from within, and this comment of yours shows how shallow and unintelligent you are!',1
'no, i don\'t the opinions of actors, or most people, seriously.',1
'anyone can be afflicted with foolishness, but that can be cured, and more intelligent people learn faster.  stupid is forever.',1
'don\'t put the blame on the schools put the blame on the sue happy parents who are looking for a free ride on their kids allergies. unless the kids have had a real allergy test then i have doubt about the allergy. a doctor will sign an allergy form if the parent says their kid has a reaction just to keep from getting sued as well. i know...i work in the medical industry and see it all the time.',1
'just looking at it too long may start the artery-clogging process.    so, this is the same country where large soft drinks are going to be taken off menus, for the health of the people?',1
'absolutely!  and, i am ashamed of most of the people who posted their answers to this site.  no wonder other countries hate us!!!  i am a rep/ind and i think michelle obama is beautiful. her shape is just fine, as is her color!  for crying-out-loud, we all were born into our races, body types, and families by pure accident, yet many of you act like you think you\'re "the entitled",  what i see is the beverly hillbillies sitting up on their mountain looking down on some perfectly okay people, with people faults, and slobbering on them.  well, slobber away!',1
'yep and nobody took it personal',1
'no. haven\'t ever had a ticket in the 41 yrs. i\'ve been driving.    i don\'t know why some officers think they can get away with    being stupid.. especially when it\'s being recorded.. good for   the dude who did it.',1
'so if he had said maxum magazine offered michelle obama 50 bucks would it have been racist?',1
'hello racist.',1
'yes it is way past time for it, but, i wonder how insurance companies will handle this, you mean smokers might be able to get or keep a job now!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'anyone who cannot recognize that this is a racist joke is a racist, a clown, or both.',1
'they are called diapers.',1
'publishing these photographs is entirely inappropriate. it should be illegal since they did not have her permission to take them in the first place. since the photographer and the publisher appear not to have broken any written laws, it should be a matter of common decency that no one buy the magazine. yeah, right. like that\'ll stop people. let\'s see just how hopelessly vile people truly are.',1
'completely ridiculous.',1
'she looks gorgeous! better than ever! go gurl!',1
'you do seem to have a thing for incest and homosexuality. i was told that the south do egage in that sort of sex more than the rest of the country. yes i am always happy , how did you know that. coward is such a large word for you americans.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'pelosi\'s comments r true. mitt the twit has shown he is incompetent at foreign affairs and is hiding past history wi/ the failure to release his tax forms.  how many contradicting positions on issues do we, the american people have to bombarded wi/. and his choice of the koch brothers backed   tea party flake who can\'t seem to even be able to speak truth was the final nail in his coffin!',1
'it is not about \'understanding & compassion\'.  it is about common sense and logical thinking...     please point me to just one credible, scientifically based study that proves your contention that merely smelling a nut can kill someone...',1
'that\'s sad. national geographic offered 100 dollars to octomom.',1
'attempting to raise the retirement age (successfully, i might add) is just another way the government has of trying to get the older people to bail off the social security rolls without having to pay them full benefits.  the reason they need you to do this is because they spend billions of our money in every country in the world buying frenemies.  that\'s right.  they pay foreign governments to pretend to like americans.  so social security hasn\'t got the money they promised us.  they would like all the people who are unemployed at 60 or 65 to retire early at reduced benefits.  these people really have no choice.  they have never passed any age discrimination laws for the work place, not even in their own government workplaces.  we\'re screwed again, and as sheep, we just keep jumping over the cliff.',1
'no, what part of the joke was "racist?"',1
'interesting comment.  wasn\'t it bush who trod on 1st amendment rights by arresting anti-war demonstrators and preventing the press from showing footage of coffins of soldiers killed in the iraqi war to support haliburton?',1
'same here,becky',1
'come to pigeon forge and gatlinburg tennessee.',1
'your\'re a moron, and people who think as shallow as you and share teh same ideologic views as you clearly do are doing the average american citizen a favor.  when you make comments like this it\'s because you hae lost your moral compas or never really had a working one to begin with.  oh, back to your statement, as ignorant and simply stupid as it was; how is mrs. obama a racist; yes anyone can be predjudiced and every human being has biases, but to be a rasict, you must also have the power not just the motive to oppress. fyi',1
'wrong you racist swoog... i would have said the same about vanilla ice... no loss to humankind...',1
'i agree with you jvdny--it is not only degrading to women--its degrading to the human race--i just wanted to see how quickly those that profess "freedom of speech" and anti-hate is acceptable would give my comment a thumbs down.',1
'where is the racism?  it was in bad taste for both women!  racism is a black pastor stirring up hatred with historical pictures dated in the 20\'s.  i didn\'t hear anyone condemning that & asking that his church forfiet their tax exempt status for being openly politically active!',1
'that\'s just it, almost everyone i know drinks alcohol to some extent (socially or daily), and society is fine with it, in fact people encourage it. what do you get from alcohol? drunk drivers, people mixing their meds with liquor and killing themselves, domestic violence, etc...and no one is campaigning for alcoholic prohibition to make a come back. people like to use it to cut loose and relax, i like to drink on the weekends myself, even though it sometimes makes me feel like sh*t in the morning.        then you have cannabis, which is virtually harmless, viewed as the some evil plant that grows out of satan\'s butt crack. that is insane.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'amen angelo!',1
'why would i travel that far when the best colors are in my backyard.....wiscosi  ​ n.',1
'"for every minute you waste being angry, you lost a minute being happy"      random billboard i read last month.',1
'age should never be the obstacle of seeking love. the seniors are more in need of love or be loved ,. these 50 plus olds are well educated, successful, rich life   experiences while young at heart!--------------  ​ ---luvsenior--------  ​ -----------focuses on users over 50 years of age.it has the perfect dating service for olds find   their romantic partners. if you are ready for a new life! we love a tryer.',0
'good point, but seems that sentiment was totally lost by the liberals when bush was president. ops! it\'s the liberals guy in office,so now everyone must be respectful.',1
'actually, i have a cousin who was born with allergies so severe he was almost a "bubble child". at 30 years old he outgrew many of them but will still be dead within 20 minutes of exposure to black walnuts unless he receives treatment. i\'m well aware of the ada and how it applies, however, i\'m also well aware that if my child were so sensitive to something that even a whiff of it could kill them, i would absolutely not trust their safety to strangers until they were less vulnerable. that is simply common sense and parental protection. what that has to do with the degrees i have and the areas i study seems to be pretty irrelevant.',1
'the individual who confiscated this kid\'s lunch is about two sandwiches short of a picnic!!',1
'now thats just wrong.',1
'why did your bill clinton quit playing the saxophone?  he had his whore-monica...hahah  ​ ahahahahahahah..you libs, you are soo funny, but you just can\'t take a joke or tell one from the other either ...obie or joey',1
'wouldn\'t it be nice to experience a colorado high no matter where you are? legalize, long overdue.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'too much testosterone in republican genes..their conservatism doesn\'t save anyone a dime. least of all the middle class these predators are alway stiffing. take a good look at every republican president since hoover...each suffered at least one half of their term with a recession. conservatism anyone? take a good look at how often they  come up with very convenient surplus created by cut backs on services the middle class have bought and paid for decades ago. is that what government is supposed to be? a source of wealth for 1%, wall street and the corporate welfare state? or are the tax dollars we invest in our government ours and to be dispersed to the advantage of the the whole country and not 1% who think investing is a bloodline of the holy grail?        when you\'ve had enough of the  gop saving to create a surplus, maybe you\'ll confront them about their duty to the people of this country....in their view, numero uno is the 1% with all the moolah they steal from everyone else. know a singl',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'the volt was in the works before obama took office. and the bailout of gm wasnt a flop.  it has been successfull.  the government might not recoup their investment in the gm stock but the tax revenue they receive from the profits gm makes, and the taxes paid by the workers of gm exceed the amount the government bought into a stake of gm.  btw gm doesnt owe the taxpayer anything the government owns gm stock and got received cash for the stock.',1
'yes, the clown would make a better president than bush, romney or any republican.',1
'my kids hate rap. and anyone (regardless of race) who tats up their face is borderline, if not, full retard...',1
'more then the police or government.',1
'"your" should be "you\'re".  "saleing should be "selling".  "one\'s" should not be possessive. "a few thousands" should not be plural. "stave" should be "starve".    no wonder you\'re so angry.  public school will do that to you.  so will kool-aid.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'how would you have resolved this issue while facing "twentieth century constraints"?    it is very easy to be holier than though ... it is much harder to propose workable solutions!',1
'well here\'s a fine young man who i\'m sure has made his family proud of him. we should all look forward to helping support him in one of america\'s finest correctional facilities....i\'m sure he will whine and cry when it happens....most of these guys, besides being idiots, are also big sissies.',1
'both are victims of the quota system in my opinion.',0
'i don\'t think the ban is nuts...a client\'s 4 y/o son was served penuts along with other children at his daycare center.  the child almost died.  i know peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are a lunch staple, but until there\'s a cure or we figure out why so many kids/people have this allergy, pack salamie or turkey. not a big deal.',1
'if you read the article- he\'s a doctor...',1
'so you think huh?  i remember a black man could not own a business that the white man didn\'t try to burn down.  a couple of years ago whites were gather at a cookout in ga and the sheriff got shot and killed by a white man.  i remember in wyoming that whites got together and killed matt sheppard for being gay, i remember a white man trying to set fire to the home of his joliet neighbors – an african-american family with eight children.  did you forget about these?  or how about the group of white teens going around beating up on black homeless people.  if you are living on newt\'s moon colony, that would explain a lot!',1
'"separate but equal" worked so well in the fifties.',1
'my daughter is highly allergic to apples but she know not to eat them. im sure the school can not ban apples. i guess what im tring to say is "education". teach your children not to eat thing they are allergic to.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'route wv 33 through the new germany valley and monongahela national forest mid-october, also the new river gorge in west virginia is a must-see.',1
'i\'m sure that the republican party has an answer to fix the country. well. they should they screwed it up from jump so they should know how to fix it. to those who think president obama hasn\'t done his job, just read this. picture if you got a new job, and when you get there the place is just destroyed because the last guy who was employed there just didn\'t know what the hell he was doing. now, picture getting blamed because you haven\'t fixed the mess fast enough, lol. well that\'s just what the president walked into',1
'that bear is obviously trying to bite that guy...maybe make a meal of him...quick...somebo  ​ dy shoot him.',1
'pretty sure you were racist four years ago!',1
'my husband and drove the cherohala skyway, north caroline last week. we did have some fun and also the trees were changing colors. it was nice day! :-). love it.',1
'how do you keep a moron in suspense, tell her that......',1
'this jokes are offensive , people make jokes about indians the same way, first  this is a human being not an animal to be feature in national geographic.we all know what is meant ,secondly all jokes about whites never compares people to animals. third why is this about the south.people needs to get educated,god knows  people form othe countries like china, pakistan even haiti come here to get an education..a that they  do !   this comment was made in calfifornia not the south. look up claifornia on the map.',1
'lucy was an ape...you moron.....not black.',1
'yeah, he should be fired for postulating his racist views when at work.',1
'i think we should ban cars on the roads because some blind kid might run out in front of a car. that is as silly as banning pbjs because one child in a million is allergic to peanuts.',1
'someone told me you have to watch a little of them once in a while to see how smart you really are.   all there is on tv anymore are these trashy reality shows. e and all the other networks that show them could have them all on 1 network and call it trmtv. trashy role model tv and then we wiouldn\'t have to see them at all we could just avoid that  network',1
'having bad taste and poor judgment is not a crime, and the guy should not lose his job over it.       i have a big problem with america\'s "one strike and you\'re out" mentality.  who among us has not made a mistake at least once in their lives?  one stupid comment or action should not be the ruination of lives and careers.  repeat offenders deserve what they get, but everyone should get a pass for the first mistake of this kind.',1
'msn is so slanted to the left that they crossed the horizon....rupert everett is described as an "irrelevant actor"...why? because he came out *against* gay parenting... i will guarantee you that if he came out in favor of gay parenting, the left wing ninnies at msn would describe him as,"that incredibly courageous actor, rupert everett, whom we have missed terribly on the big screen and who selflessly came out of the closet in a time when it was not a fad but an act of career killing courage...blah-blah-  ​ blah-blah... what\'s wrong msn? can\'t tolerate a different opinion...especially  ​  one from someone that you thought was supposed to be in your camp?',1
'our paranoia will be our undoing. just the way the self-professed elite want it.     "i prefer dangerous freedom to peaceful slavery." -- thomas jefferson',1
'watch the video it says minute by minute',1
'oh please!  the politically correctness in this country is getting out of control!  saturday night live has much worse on their show but since it is directed at republicans it\'s ok!  you liberal dumocrats can\'t have it both ways.  stop taking everything so seriously, it was funny.  snl is funny.  people need to learn to laugh again and stop acting so a-n-a-l retentive',1
'majority rules. the ban is stupid, it\'s the allergy students who have to make special provisions, not the normal kids, get over yourself',1
'really?',1
'people are by nature racist, it is what we are as people. until we can sit down and have a candid conversation about our differences, be it race or any other characteristic nothing will every change.',1
'it\'s often how they do things.',1
'the ban is a bit extreme. when i grew up in school we ate peanut butter sandwhiches and i don\'t remember ever hearing about someone else getting sick because of what i ate.',1
'i find it commical.i feel sorry for bruce jenner,poor guy.',1
'tsk, tsk, tsk.i guess i just have to consider the source of this comment.pure stupidity....',1
'pretending that wasn\'t racist is as despicable as making the comment in the first place. some people are so low.',1
'if you want to help stop racism, maybe you should start with yourself.',1
'you are nuts.',1
'here\'s another comparison..she has the same i.q as you',1
'wasn\'t even his own opinion, it was his mommie\'s. opinions are just that, opinions. laws are another thing.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'can\'t believe no one\'s said it yet.....       it\'s peanut butter jelly time, peanut butter jelly time!       yes, il know i\'m trollin ;)        if your kid\'s allergic then tell the school  to let your kid eat lunch in a room by his/herself or  with other allergic kids away from the kids who aren\'t allergic.       is it tragic that some kids have this allergy-yes,  but why should the general school population suffer for it?',1
'i think i should go next year. since i survived the summer of love in san francisco in 1967, those hula hoop girls might appreciate my stories a lot more than you people do.     can anyone loan me a motor home?....i really don\'t like to camp.',1
'of course!',1
'i knew you were a racist...a sad way to live your life dude..',1
'waht did you expect, the guy is a clown and at least admits it.',1
'you know how working people are.  they actually expect to be paid for thei work!  bunch o\' commies.',1
'i didn\'t get it!... national geographic don\'t have a centerfold...lol',1
'i hate the parking ticket system in atlanta, they\'re an outside outfit called park atlanta that prey on parked cars like vultures; thay make it hard to visit resturants & other businesses in midtown & downtown atlanta. we try our best not to visit this part of town only to be robbed by these thieves in uniform.',1
'the number of children that have peanut allergies has increased from 0.4% to 0.8%; researchers do not know why the number has increased but it has. think about it, we cannot take steps to safeguard 0.8% of the children from exposure to peanuts without outlawing peanuts from society!      this is just another control that is placed on us by a very small group in an attempt to bully us into doing what they want done. if we keep allowing this to happen we will soon be standing in the corner watching 0.5% of american control the lives of every american!',1
'you guys are idiots and don\'t understand what racist means. here\'s a hint. jokes about someone not based on color are jokes. some can be a bit more extreme then others. but they are not pointing out the color of their skin.    if he said, playboy only offered $50, that\'s insulting looks. obviously, but when u say national geographic, you are insulting her race. it\'s quite obvious and if u guys can\'t figure that out, you need to get your head out of your **** and stop making this a liberal vs conservative ****.',1
'awww shucks..you guys really care.lmfao,lmfao,lmf  ​ ao...thugs rule.',1
'ed davis, are you jealous because he is wealthy? do you feel that same for all the actors that stand up for obama? you do realize that they are all millionaires and don\'t live as a bottom sucker like you. get a grip man, even obama is a millionaire and we both know that he ain\'t never worked a day in his life. you keep drinking his coolaid and when our country is in serious trouble, you can jump sides. and stand up and say i never voted for the bum',1
'the **** was not comparing our flotus to an african woman! think!!!!!!!',1
'so the way to prevent this from happening is to outlaw all peanut products. idiot.',1
'wow!   you are one angry person.',1
'you are talking about the democrats right.  they are the ones that got us into this mess.',1
'freedom for them, freedom for us,in the words of al pacino in the devil`s advocate,"freedom,ba  ​ by,it`s never having to say you`r sorry"',1
'i got mine on amazon, they haven\'t arrived yet. i\'d imagine guitar stores etc have them too.',1
'this has nothing to do with playing in the dirt.',1
'exactly, the federal gov owns us all;;;; so why bash obama. the don\'t bash the white ones. are you understanding? maybe just not reading????',1
'not mine, i wouldn\'t get that close to her',1
'i was actually unaware that actors could have a complete thought with out a script.',1
'your a dumb a$$. you make no sence at all.',1
'the gay pedophiles will not tarnish the boy scouts of america, because the boy scouts are vigilant and will continue on forever in their fight to keep gay pedophiles from hurting little children.  i salute the boy scouts of america for continuing to fight the good fight!  at least there is one organization left in this country that isn\'t being overrun by perverted gay pedophiles.  even if obama is letting all the gay pedophiles into the u.s.a. military.  no wonder the u.s. military is so screwed up and has so many sex scandals!!!',1
'most graffiti is done by taggers with no artistic talent.  the very small percentage of those with artistic talent who do graffiti know that no permission=graffiti=  ​ crime and permission=potential  ​  masterpiece.  they know if they get caught that they will need to face the consequences.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'get off your high horse, mr./mrs. lefty-love-the-world  ​ . we are not all equal. we are not all worthy of respect. this country has become a mish-mash of every freaking breed of people under the sun. the u.s. needs a good old-fashioned ethnic cleansing. a black president?? disgusting. out...out...out with all these minorities and mixed races. whites only.   p.s. - most black people look like they just fell out of a tree in the jungle...so, yeah...the term "monkey" would be applicable.',1
'and who told you they cut class and sold drugs, trent? there are a lot of rappers that went to college and got degrees, but you\'ve probably never stepped foot on a college, so you wouldnt know. go read a book trent.',1
'lovehammer, if you like canada so much, immigrate.  an old song says \'if you don\'t love it, leave it.\'  good advice.',1
'',1
'the commercials are funny becasue these are our leaders!! welcome to the new reich!',1
'interracialcircle. ==a serious interracial online dating & social networking site specifically for singles interested in an interracial dating and relationship. you can enjoy free verification, chat, wink and reply email.sign up for free! and start to find your soul mate now! every serious single is welcome here.create a free profile today and have access to thousands of interracial singles in your area.(bing it)                    ',0
'he is 100% entitled to his opinion, whether anyone else likes it or not, it\'s called freedom of speech. he very obviously speaks from experience, and just wait another few years, when other children of gay couples start voicing their opinions...i have a feeling they will be similar to his....',1
'the clown\'s joke was innapropiate, racist and demeaning to the first lady michelle obama. that comes to show bigotry and hate still excist in this so call super power nation.  the clown should be chased by the bull instead of the other way around.  a comment of that nature is animalistic and right down stupid,  the good lord created us equal in all the sense of the word.  you hate someone for the color of their skin and you will be hating god\'s workmanship, because he made us all.',1
'there is no question that the janitorial dept of the school has many items  .............. that every human is not just allergic to, but deadly poisonous  ................. hurry up, must ban on the chance someone is not smart enough to not kill themselves by virtue of stupidity!',1
'can i get an amen, ooop\'s awomen :-)',1
'i don\'t understand,if the librals want everybody to pay their share why do most of them have a cpa doing their taxes?',1
'did you ever hear of a thing called tact?.....or, respect?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'it was carter that made 1001 products from peanuts not obama     and i am sure obama loves pbj sandwiches and would be aghast that they had been banned',1
'many schools have "allergy-free" tables where children with severe allergies, and their friends, can sit and eat. if an allergy is so severe that even airborne particles are a danger, then perhaps that child should be in a different room. banning all children from eating a pb sandwich for lunch is ridiculous.',1
'you are all racist and full of bs. white people loves chicken! all of you need to get a life or some love in your life. god bless america',1
'what, no bacon???     no, i wouldn\'t eat something like that, nor would the ol\' man allow me.',1
'we are now a nation of handi wipes, hand cleaner, antibacterial soaps.  no wonder the kids of today are afraid to get dirty, their mothers have told them paying in the dirt or mud  was nasty.  my kids played in the dirt and mud while they were growing up and they dont have any of these problems.  let them be kids like we once were.',1
'thou doest protest to much. nig-er.',1
'im gonna throw you under the f*ckin bus',1
'it\'s not just whether they eat it or not.  the peanut oil residue, if left on a table or chair, can trigger a reaction.  being in the same room can trigger a reaction.  if it was as simple as not eating it, kids wouldn\'t be dying from the reaction.',1
'dumbamericanrepuke: sounds like you can use a free vaginal ultrasound from rick the dick sanitarium to find out what happened to your bran.',1
'sorry, but fed up with the stupid you can choose to pay more tax if you want to argument - no-one will do that, it has to be done by tax code or else we will just live in a country where the poorer get poorer and the gap between rich and poor gets bigger. the shame is that it is all so short sighted, as raise when the poor are lifted from poverty we all benefit.  i am not envoking entitlement etc, but we have to give training and opportunity.',1
'ya might be a redneck.......!!!!!',1
'da..................  ​ ....... you must never been west of 53rd street.',1
'people, allergies are real. most schools ban peanut products because the allergen can be air born and cause an allergic reaction. my daughter and nephew are allergic to peanuts. the smell of fresh hulled peanuts will cause facial swelling and their throats to close. don\'t want to know what would happen if they ingested. so are we supposed to put our children in bubbles suits for them to attend school or allow them freedom and keep an epi pen close by? think of the consequences and quit being ignorant. if a school has a policy, people should follow them.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i  don\'t get the racist issue here.  comparing her to an animal you might see in n.g. might be mean spirited, but it\'s not racist.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'foolish right wing elephant patoot rant, the first lady racist, really, not.  obama 2012',1
'"be so mean and only think of themselves" - couldn\'t have said it better myself.  why should 99% of the kids not be able to eat peanut butter and any other food that one child may be allergic to?  are you really listening to yourself??',1
'they left out the great smokey mountains. the road between asheville, nc and gatlinburg, tn is spectacular in the fall.',1
'walmart needs to educate their employees on how to treat and act with customers.  i\'ve recently put a complaint with walmart.  all the female employees were giving me attitude.  when i asked a question a female employee  actually looked at  her watch and said "it\'s time for my break" and walked away.  cashiers never say "hello" and always throw my food in my bags (personal shopping bags) and have actually ripped the handles off.  when i went to complain to manager about how the employees suck, she said "ok" when i said i was calling corporate office she said  "fine" when i emailed  corporate office i actually got a response from the manager.  he assured me that this would never happen again.  my experience with walmart was very frustrating and hurtful and ever since i spoke with manager my shopping at this particular walmart has been ok.  but they do need to educate employees.  how dare they rip the bill without even having a manager there.  good for this woman to sue them and i hope she gets more than what she is asking for.  that type of behavior is humiliating and to do it in front of other customers is uncalled for.  so kudos to this woman.  i stand behind your actions.',1
'the rodeo is run by a bunch of clowns.',1
'hey idiot w. bush was never in the white house. why? because he was always on vacation - at taxpayers expense. funny that a dummy like you didn\'t say anything about that but as soon as a black president does it, like the racist you are you start chirping. next time idiot get your facts straight. nobody took more vacations than w. nobody.',1
'that goes for your mother, sister, and wife.',1
'did you read the article?   the top 1% have the highest effective tax rate.  the grandmother rising the 2 teen agers probably pays no fed income tax, but gets eitc.   as for paying off her mortgage, i fail to see what that has to do with anthing.       lastly,   almost all (maybe 2 left) of the banks in tarp have repaid it with interest',1
'he\'s a clown... who cares',1
'i guess the school is afraid the kid will go crazy and launch a massive sandwich attack on the student body.smearing peanut butter on innocent victims who in turn in panic would smear other students and the carnage would be terrible to behold.',1
'damn right. let\'s return all convicts to their country of origin!  i say we start with the irish,  next the i-talians, and don\'t forget the jews. (whatever country they come from) then we can go after those darn migrant workers cuz i am willing to pay $4 for a head of lettuce!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'realy time will tell',1
'eventually when our country decides that it\'s done making stupid and invasive decisions against it\'s own people (and other countries) all drugs will be legalized and cannabis will not need to be regulated.     why don\'t we start coming up with good ideas?? like taking a fraction of what we spend on the war on drugs and use that for public drug education so people can experiment without ****ing their lives up. i grew up with d.a.r.e and it was so biased and untrue that when we found out how less harmful the drugs effects were on us, many of us ended up getting addicted to ****.     if you\'re properly educated and you get addicted to heroin and die.. natural selection, homie.',1
'it fall under the first amendment right of "free speech" you shouldn\'t be fired for exercising your constitutional right or we might as well throw out the "bill of right\'s".',1
'in my opinion, m.obama is just as big a race-baiter !!  the world needs to be more  tolerant. the clown apparently had little else comical to say. i wouldn\'t go to a jewish wedding and order a bar-b-que sandwich so gear up for your audience boy !',1
'hell no... it is what it is... lmao...',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'these comments \'shows the true character of our country\', the united states of america racism, bigotry,  and pure prejudice. its comical that he should make a comment about romney wife posting on playboy, however, if your a black woman you should posted in the national geographic, and this country wonders \'why\', most countries don\'t like our point of views. one, we are hypocrites we judge and pick everyone else faults, even though these comments are showing faults within our own countries walls! racism is not died its just sleeping, and these comments make its very clear that we are still a racist country! just be honest! you don\'t like obama because he is \'black\', you expected him to clean-up an eight year job in only four years. comical, this great country gave bush the eight years to purposely mess-up the economy. however, you are excited to placed a \'black man\', so he can take the blame for a mess that was already in place, but you not going to admit that because bush is white! therefore, let this \'black man\', take the blame and we just set back and poke our fingers at him. yes, lets show the world that not even a black man can fix the americans economy! personally, this countr',1
'omg-peanut allergy! if you\'re that allergic, stay home. what if that\'s all the kid\'s mom could afford?',1
'blah!',1
'i think this is taking it too far.  the young man should never share his sandwich another child since pb can cause severe allergic reaction.  however the school had no right to take his lunch away.  i hope someone at the school\'s office bought him lunch that day.',1
'don\'t blame president obama for the debt. look back to the eight years bush was supposed to be running the country. check your facts before you try to speak!!!',1
'duca & joey i use a well ****es so gfy',1
'these folks may have a valid point.  look what peanuts did to jimmy carter!!',1
'i\'m not much of a soccer fan, but i do understand the basics of the game and am a follower of the major us sports. gotta say, this was quite a kick. never seen it before and it\'s obvious that it takes a great deal of skill and talent to pull it off.',1
'everyone makes mistakes.  let the first person who hasn\'t throw the first stone.  she is a great actress - and only 22!  and true love is a many twisted road, one that sometimes you find out how much you truly love something when it is almost lost....again, who hasn\'t lived this out?  these two people are very young and just finding their way - with a lot of obstacles being so famous, in the press at every breath, scrutinized at every move - i wonder how all of our lives would fair with that kind of publicity....good luck to you both to finding your way.....',1
'couldn\'t have happened to a nicer host.',1
'so much for expressing your opinion, maybe the prez is getting tips from his comrades in n.korea?...:o)',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on bing or google  richsingleclub. under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.',0
'obama2012; the clown is probably an american; can you say that for b.o. ?',1
'i think it is like everywhere in society where there is children.  the creeps just gravitate toward groups that they can involve themselves to molest the kids!  i was in a boy scout troupe in nashville tn in 1961 and the scout master was molesting children including his own two sons!!!! we didn\'t get approached i think because my father was an assistant and we didn\'t see or know anything until he was arrested. my dad questioned us after the arrest to see if we had been approached cause he would have kicked some serious **** over that!!!!  i don\'t think that any  person admitting to being homosexual has any right being involved in scouting.  we expect our children to be kept safe and the lifestyle that homosexuals chose may be okay for them but not for parents concerned about the safety of their kids!!!  if you  want to be a perve, be one but don\'t expect us to grant you special access to our kids!  i don\'t think it is discriminatory to disallow a homo into any youth program and i don\'t feel like we owe you an apology!!!!!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'bit by bit your freedom is being  striped away unless you stand up an quit putting people like this in controlling places . the people need to get off their lazy be-hines an pay attention what\'s going on .',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'for those in and around nyc, here\'s a recommended exhibit at the international center of photography --    http://goo.gl/davzi    the most recent times magazine noted that a good deal of the photos come from the groundbreaking "drum" magazine, based on life and look, but focused on black south africans. i remember the first time i heard of "drum" is when john storm roberts mentioned to me that his earliest published music writing appeared there.',1
'he got muffins..... he did not starve',1
'dumb film, but the muslims gives no reason to respect them when they kill innocent americans that have no ties to the film at all.',1
'considering not all americans will collect medicaid or medicare at some point in our lives, and considering it is not an option to pay into it, it is a tax.  real retirement plans are optional and each individual has the personal responsibility to choose how much, if any, to contribute to these plans.  there is a huge difference.',1
'even the government gives away peanut butter which is healthy and economical.  1 person with a peanut allergy should not overrule 29 others who don\'t have one.  pb&j is all some people can afford and it won\'t spoil since lunches can\'t be  refrigerated.  yes, i think this ban is nuts.',1
'nice knowing you, and best of luck to you in the future...(but if i won the lottery it would be different)',1
'now; thats funny! so was the topic joke',1
'no, people in america are too fat. that dog is 70 pounds which, for a human, is deathly skinny.',1
'you do realize the phone is not $700, the stocks for the company have reached almost $700 a share. always funny when people read a headline then post without much thought. at the very least i wouldn\'t call others stupid :p',1
'no that is not their income, the income comes from the money they make off of their investments. i agree with you, people dont realize how much money these corporations and rich people give to the needy. it would really open their eyes. they were saying that romney gave 2.4 million to charities. i am sure buffett does the same. most well off people do give. it is sad that people think rich should give their money to keep the poor afloat. they earned their money, they worked hard. you cant keep money unless you work to keep it, trust me. that is how our country got great. worked hard, invested and passed it down to their families. now that is a bad thing.. sad, we allow the people who do work say it is bad. i understand there are people out there that worked hard and are now in a bad way, i feel for them. those are the ones that should be helped. these people who play the system and sit on their butts should be made to work. obama is doing just the opposite, he wants the rich to pay for the poor who sit on their butts.',1
'both stupid people, who cares what people say on twitter or social networking. just because you were a 10 year olds hero, doesnt mean you are above the law.',1
'give it up, erf.  trying to teach spelling and syntax to repulicanazis is like trying to teach a pig to do bird calls.',1
'no one is making anyone eat peanuts or peanut products. your "story" about a 4 yr old almost dying doesn\'t apply as no one at the school was serving pb&j sandwiches to all the kids. the kid brought his own sandwich. if the school chooses not to serve peanuts or peanut products...fine, but they should not be banning other children from eating what they have.',1
'i understand how serious a peanut allergy can be. but i just don\'t see how banning a homemade peanut butter sandwich is doing anybody any good. what about people who are deathly allergic to bee stings? should we ban bees? no. you teach the child everything you can about that particular allergy, how to avoid contact with it, and what to do if they come into contact with it anyway. and you never let them go anywhere without their epi-pen. it\'s all about giving them the tools they need to live a full and healthy life in spite of their allergy. and educating them about it is at the top of the list.',1
'amen you are so right god bless you',1
'interest you earn from a savings account at a bank is ordinary income and taxed as such. cap gain is generated by the sale of non inventory assets (ie sale of a home and stock).       romney\'s low tax rate isn\'t just because of cap gains, but also something called "carried interest" . carried interest allows hedge fund managers receive their compensation as investment income (and thereby taxed at lower capital gains rates rather than ordinary income rates).',1
'to wonderbred        salymar32        moviegoer1005 -  your comments have all been copied and     forwarded to the naacp.  i disagree with the ignorance of you biggots, rednecks, and trailer park trash.  comments like this don\'t go and will not go without punishment.',1
'particularly government interference in the mortgage credit market.',1
'hey, it\'s right to work and he was fired for no reason, any reason.  tough bul ...',1
'racism is alive and well in america. repugs are the leaders!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'u r right as i was told yesterday the people who read these blogs do not count for votes anyway.  they are trolls.',1
'totally !!  we are bit by bit having our freedoms stripped away !',1
'at least she is educated and knows how to spell both bigot and liar.',1
'if the "clown" had told the joke the other way around, the media would have fallen all over him! i\'m surprised that the media didn\'t jump on mrs. romney being paid $250k and wondering if she would pay taxes on it, if it would be sent to the caymans, donated to her church, or just not claimed for tax purposes! see, with moochelle, the $50 bucks would have gone toward her next "vacation"! mrs. "o" naked....barack would tell her, you didn\'t build that, the government gave you that ugly body! someone made the bra, the make-up, the clothes, the underwear! it\'s not yours, somebody else built that!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i believe every nyc public school  allows pb & jelly to be served to kids who want it.',1
'you are either too dumb to get the racist  "joke" and/or have a warped sense of redneck humor.',1
'why is it that people hate romney for what he does with the money he earned but their ok with what obama does with the money americans earned?       it don\'t make sense...',1
'me thinks msn is a leftwing puke org.',1
'happy and single are redundant.',1
'how was this disease contracted and what are the symptoms  where were these people who got sick  what is the cdc doing about this',1
'@greengirl, it\'s more than just foods.  look at the average class of 30 elementary school kids and count the number that have food allergies or are on medication for one purpose or another.  if where you live it\'s like here, well over 2/3.  when i was a kid it was maybe a kid or two per class.  something is definitely afoot.',1
'god loves the blacks',1
'so the embarrassment of being accused of having fake money is worth 37,000 per hour? sorry, but she should get her $200 back, plus 2 hours equivelent to work pay and an apology from the store manager. she doesn\'t deserve anything more, it\'s not like the cashier tore one of her limbs off or punched one of her kids in the face.',1
'my husband and drove the cherohala skyway, north caroline last week. we did have some fun and also the trees were changing colors. it was nice day! :-). love it.',1
'girl scouts     and while they\'re at it, check out the girl scouts. long after the boy scouts had institutes tighter background checks and training for their leaders, i asked the local girl scout council what they were doing for youth protection. was told that females don\'t molest each other, so therefore it was not necessary. after that, they registered a male as a troop leader (a boarder in one of the the troop member\'s homes--should have been a red flag). if they had bothered to run a simple background check, they would have found a public history of child molestation in another part of the state. this creep was molesting the girl whose family he was living with--and it was the other youth members of the troop who reported him to a teacher. the girl scouts never acknowledged that he was affiliated with the girl scouts or admitted their short comings in registering him as a leader. they were very slow about initiating background checks after the incident and his ultimate conviction. more than a year later, i registered several males as leaders in my own troop just to see what kind of checks they were doing--nothing.',1
'i don\'t care what he wears to bed as long as he\'s not sleeping at 1600 pennsylvania ave!',1
'the truth hurts the romney-ites- pelosi\'s  right mitt cooks his own goose every time he opens his sillver-spooned mouth. the only surprise is how the broke back. want- to= be middle uclass whites keep supporting jokers  like romney who kept pushing legislation that goes conter to their own best interest- there is a word for people like that- stupid!    ed',1
'if you would like to pay more of your income to the government, you are most welcome to do so. i would prefer to pay less in taxes and send my money where i see it used wisely and where it actually makes a difference. before donating any money, i check the non-profit\'s financials and their success rate (outcome of those receiving my donation). i also check to see what the ceo earns and what their endowment is or if they even have one. if they have a high paid ceo and a large endowment, i skip them and send my donation to a place that is struggling financially, but has excellent outcomes. so, you give your donation to the federal government, which has no oversight, no need to act judiciously with your money, and which really has no respect for your hard earned dollars, and i\'ll continue to give to the organizations i see making an actual difference in people\'s lives.',1
'lipo-sucks vrs real people',1
'what was so racist? it was a joke.. plain and simple, people need to stop digging and looking for things. every person in this country has told jokes worse than that... lets see we got fat jokes, should we stop them? because they are anti-fat, no they are funny. just like jokes about everything else. blonde jokes, should we stop them? people need to lighten up, this world is so worried now it will "offend" someone. we are being to politicaly correct about the stupid things, lets laugh some.. oh by the way wasnt it obama who was telling jokes about "retards"? its ok for anyone not white to bash anything, but if you are white you get the guilt trip? lol... by the way seen obamas america 2016 this weekend, now i know where he is comming from. i would tell anyone, go see the movie. or at least look into what obamas anti-colony projects are. there is a clip on you tube where obama is talking to russian pres. and tells him off camera once he is re-elected he will finish it...',1
'noromney,     from the source material....  the joke, as told by hayhurst, went like this: playboy is offering ann romney $250,000 to pose in the magazine, and the white house is upset about it because national geographic only offered michelle obama $50 to pose for them.   read more here: http://www.sanluisob  ​ ispo.com/2012/09/16/  ​ 2230039/crestons-rod  ​ eo-clown-was-behind.  ​ html#storylink=cpy        that was added after the fact unless i somehow missed it in the source material.  but people come on here with their political agendas and don\'t want to hear truth.  they only want slanted stories that depict their candidate in a good w',1
'please tell me that was sarcasm?',1
'i saw nothing racist in that joke. why do people assume that because one person was white and the other black that there was racism involved? stupid is as stupid intreprets, i guess',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'what about the people that can truly not afford healthcare? not everyone is a \'user\'. you  must have a great job, and no kids. bully for you. have a great life being better than everyone else.',1
'buddadon...did your reverend tell you what to write...before he loads you up in the tax exempt bus to take you to the polls to vote for obie & joey (pepper and salt)...i know you are excited, cause on the way back to church from the polls...that\'s when you get your $5.00 \'love\' contribution..brothe  ​ r.',1
'a clown is there to act silly and be distracting for the bulls, not tell us about his political views, we dont care...he must have inhaled too much bull$hit there at the rodeos..     time for a new career dude !',1
'if a man opens a factory in my town,  that employs hundreds of people who  pay income tax and this helps the economy,  then he should get a big tax break.  i like that romney is a sucsesful business  man.  the last thing we need is a college professor  for president.',1
'no. this country is getting as oppressive as the muslim countries.',1
'"why did you ask me every day what am i doing? i gave you the same answer--every day!" that drove me absolutely crazy. please don\'t hold your breath waiting for me to come back in to work."     of course, this would not be written unless i won the lottery or something fabulous came my way.',1
'this republican didn\'t think it was funny at all.  first, racism is ignorant to begin with and second, she\'s the first lady and her position, at the very least, deserves the respect.',1
'its time it started happening before the weak take us all down with them!!',1
'not true. definitely not true.    i saw him yesterday.',1
'pay off the debts...that is the problem with our country....to much debt. yes, sure put money into the 401k to get the match, that\'s all....after that pay off debt and stay out of debt. then move up to at least 15% of your pay....more as you get closer to retirerment.',1
'paradox: "light travels faster than sound. this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak."     the school was given the ability to make policy. not law. and you obviously do not know the difference between the terms legal and lawful, either. just because something is legal, it does not mean that it would be lawful. this is how unjust or unconstitutional "laws" get overturned. they violated the supreme law of the land - (the constiutution).      a public school is a public building. they are covered by the same laws. and their policies are still subject to law.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'theory of  evolution moron........ every one has a chimp in their lineage idiot!!!....this was taught in middle school !!!! but perhaps your brain is reverting back to the single celled  primordial ooze state, or maybe just not you ... your lineage probably  evolved from a jackass!!!',1
'there wouldn\'t be any jews in america if they hadn\'t heard about the right of free speech.',1
'don\'t they already say sports entertainment?',1
'i\'ll bet if chris rock said it then abc,cbs, and nbc would have had it on their morning shows and been falling all over each other trying to get him on their shows. it matters who says it not whay is said',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'"...(wait, that\'s not the joke),"    even when msnbc is bashing some loser for a stupid comment about michelle, they can\'t help themselves to beat on romney...oh, wait, romney\'s wife!     msnbc shows time and time again what pitiful biased losers they really are!    btw, anne romney is far prettier than michelle obama...inside and out!',1
'no, he\'s a rodeo clown, hopefully a bull will do him in !  besides, the first lady is tough she can take it because she came up the hard way ! once again this guy proved that racism is alive and well in america ! !!',1
'pastor wright is an idiot and so are you',1
'yes , pure disrespect',1
'this is long overdue and should be implemented in every state.  really, in every country.  i do a lot of work online for animal rights and animal rescue, and the stories i have heard and pictures i have seen are just heartbreaking, and disgusting.  i wish animal cruelty laws were enforced more and that lawmakers, judges and police officers took it more seriously.  i, personally, do not see the difference between animal abuse and abuse of children.  animals can not fend for themselves and they trust us.  why animal cruelty laws are so lax is something i will never understand.  i hope this passes and other states catch on!',1
'hey moron there is a period of 8 years where as this guy named georgia bush had some time in office that the crap hit the fan with his warmongering latent homosexual  coward hearted tass.',1
'the behavior of a college student is more relevant than to decisions of adult who says his business knowledge translates into governing experience?    really???    you right wingers just can\'t make a valid equivalence.',1
'it\'s their money from the tax payers in that district . . . evidently they are smarter than other places . . . so let them spend their money the way they want to.  does\'t sound like they need more books, or adjustment of priorities for their money, or care about buying some other ignorant place water, and considering they voted and passed the referendom on the building of the stadium with the consent of the voters in the county . . . maybe the rest of us should f---off and mind our own business.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'look at that picture, do you really want that gay pedophile with your kids?????    this story at least does one good thing for our world, now when they try to tell the lie that homosexual pedophiles are a sin that doesn\'t hurt anybody, you can look the gay person straight in the eye and say no i\'m sorry but you are full of crap, just look at all the innocent kids that are damaged for life by homosexual pedophiles, i will never again believe the lie that the evil sin of homosexuality is a victimless sin!!!  when you support homosexuality you are also supporting the homosexual pedophiles who hurt little kids, maybe it\'s just time we say no to all sin that hurts the kids!!!   think about it.  catholic priests = homosexual pedophiles, jerry sandusky = homosexual pedophile, maybe it\'s about time we say yes to our almighty god, and no to homosexuality once and for all!!',0
'here\'s a better idea.  sell all the "low-income" freeloaders to china in exchange for forgiving our debt.  we\'re tired of babying them, anyway.',1
'what about kids with pet allergies?  the school should also ban all children from owning pets to prevent any allergic reactions.  what about pollen allergies?  the school should ban all children\'s parents from practicing any type of gardening.  what about obesity?  the school should ban all parents from ever allowing their children to eat fatty foods.  what about indoctrination?  the school should determine all life lessons to teach each child so as to mold them into proper citizens.  what about degenerative hereditary disorders?  the school should develop dna research facilities to create children from dna samples from married couples who have been approved for children, then grow these children in incubation facilities.',1
'i know i\'ve got slight hearing loss from years of abuse - it is something i worry about much more as i get older.  it\'s not a subject that gets much discussion beyond trivia about pete townshend, but i do see more and more references to it.  a couple of years back there was a story about simon frith\'s hearing loss - that spooked me as well.       i definitely wear ear plugs to shows these days.  wish i\'d done so when i first saw the clash in 1979 - ears ringing for days and nothing has sounded as loud to me since.',1
'the only debt we carry is our morgage.  we purchased our house last year.  it is unreasonable to pay it off before we move onto retirement.  we pay an extra payment each year on our 30 morgage.  this will make it a 23 year morgage, but we\'re not locked in case something happens to my husband or myself.  don\'t promise what you can\'t deliver!',1
'someone off or worse,,, absolutely do not leave a paper trail or an email that can be saved and can cause damage and embarrassment for years. do and say whatever you need to say face to face and with no witnesses    are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!            ',0
'seriously?!?!?  you want to put a 5-year old in charge of his own health, even accounting for what the people around him are doing?  and if your 5-year old is "too immature *harrumph*" to take care of business, he shouldn\'t expect the school to look out for him?  that\'s ridiculous.',1
'warren buffet can shove it!',1
'mark713, how do you know where the musician42 work.  you have to be a republican due to your focus on what others are not doing.  that is the repub/consevative/te  ​ abagger smoke screen,,,no one wants to work but a republican.  you constantly insult the american people and want them to vote for a conartist=republican  ​ .  have you ever heard of the "working poor?"  they workd two and three jobs but can never get ahead due to the low/minimum wages paid.',1
'and what county would that be?  oddly enough i agree with you, if you did not save or plan then don\'t retire.  better yet, just die.',1
'so my child is supposed to go hungry cause others are allergic to her food.  she doesn\'t eat meat. what would you have her eat, nothing.  i should not have to change what i spend my money on to feed my child due to another\'s allergy.  it\'s simple, stay away from tables with pb like i stay away from people who smell like french hos and cancer sticks. i\'m allergic to both but i\'m not suing them or asking for them to be banned although, that would be nice',1
'you just had to go there ....  funny, though.',1
'as the old saying goes "to get respect you must give respect" same can be said for kindness. did you see the liberals giving either to bush jr? yeah neither did i...',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'hahahahahahahaha!!!!!! best laugh i have had in a while. learned all this in college did we? text book says 7% compounding, but, but, but isn\'t that real life??? my college professor said it was!! no obamabernankenway! today if you get .7% interest you are lucky. did you catch that little tiny decimal point before the seven?? compound that and see where you end up!!  pay off the 22% interest credit cards and only use them when you can pay off the balance every month. reality check time. today it really does not matter what you do anymore. with the government spending trillions more than what is comming in and the federal reserve\'s qe3 printing presses running at 500% capacity for the forseeable future, our credit rating as a country being downgraded, everyone\'s nest eggs will be worthless soon. buy a farm at least you can grow something and eat it.',1
'gotta remember, this would only legalize it at the state level.  this would do nothing in regard to the federal laws regarding it.  so, it wouldn\'t get you out of doing a whiz quiz for your next job.',1
'you\'re the one who needs to grow up, the abnormal kid is certainly not special either, and he\'s in the vast minority. majority rules, and healthy normal kids shouldn\'t be punished for a few with allergies, it\'s absurd. if the allergies are that bad. they do not have the same rights....they need to realize early on that the world is not going to mollycoddle them or cater to their abnormalities. if they\'re that deathly allergic than they should not attend school, or wear a hazmat suit. grow up idiot!',1
'yes;  send three now!!',1
'"confiscated in accordance with the school\'s ban on peanut products"    as we continue "elevating" society to the absolute lowest common denominator.',1
'your a ****',1
'anyone who thinks this is not racist is obviously a racist.  almost as damning is if you don\'t think this is racist joke you are way too stupid to comment.',1
'@kat..who cares its a joke get over it ...  given the fact  that she is a complete academic and professional fraud non-withstanding she\'s also 30 pounds over weight and a dead ringer for patrick ewing.  if that is the way you actually think you should have the common decency to take your own life. seriously, you are a waste of other people\'s  oxygen and are cluttering up the gene pool with your obvious double digit iq and lack of any clue to reality.  it  will help us all out. and its the only way that everyone will stop laughing at you.  the guy should get a raise, a medal, a book deal and a stand up special on hbo .  now get  off the computer im almost positive i\'ve bought for you and gt a job.',1
'50 cents a minute probably.  versus leo\'s mama, who people pay 50 cents a day charity to help supplement her living costs since her lazy a$$ son still lives in the basement dreaming of ows kickbacks.',1
'they are all beautiful  the us is very  beautiful , god bless us all.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.             ',0
'you seem to underrate yourself.  you are probably much more beautiful than kate.  i see it this way.  the truly beautiful women are not those "celebrites" we hear so much about. i cannot name more than one or two whose names i see or hear so often.  i don\'t know them and would not recognize a picture of them.  in fact, i don\'t even care about a picture of them.  the truly beautiful women are those who don\'t know they\'re beatutiful.  my choice is the "girl next door", the home town cutie, the neighbor\'s wife, the one whom i know their first name and a little about them. i think it is a myth that all men whack off over celebrites.  i am much more appreciateive of "real beauty" that comes naturally rather than in a bottle.',1
'the only problem is the outright disrespect for these decent intelligent ppl! if we just treat ppl, as we would want to be treated, then we wouldnt have this problem in america! some just thinkthey can say anything and it flies because they either think they superior, or the majority of the ppl they deal with thinks like this! i am not sure what his point was but why make it, when i am sure he wouldnt want anyone talking of his wife, or mother that way! its uncaused for and ppl we do live in a racist society and its alive and well!',1
'barry, obama strung up.....absolutely - good post!!',1
'your child should be sequestered from the rest of the population while he or she eats. or the child should be home schooled. i have neighbors with a child deathly allergic to nuts, and they would never consider an entire school system banning pb&j. that is absolutely ridiculous to impose crap like that on the rest of the parents and kids in the school system. how self-centered can you be. and narrow-minded. the rest of the parents and kids owe that family nothing. life is tough. it is also not fair. peanut allergies suck. deal with it. you are an idiot to think the way you do, and we are all dumber for having read your post. i also want the minute and a half back i wasted reading your selfish diatribe.',1
'aw, sad news. i thought she was getting to a better place in her life. she\'s looking rough again as well.',1
'wow, hate much. you don\'t like it, take your kid out of school and teach him yourself. that way he can grow up to be just like you and show off on the internet by threatening to throw down with a teacher. i\'m guessing you\'ve spent time in prison. who else would deck someone for taking their food away?',1
'exactly!!!',1
'is the world where you reside still flat as well???',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'pelosi is a flaming idiot, always has been and always will be. she needs to move on and take obummer and company with her.',1
'no one\'s holding a gun to your head forcing you to go there, or to mcdonald\'s for that matter.this is a businessman who sees an opening in the market that may - may not - work out. i wish every new business could succeed. i know it can\'t happen, but i still wish it could. i\'ll try it if one opens locally. if i like it i\'ll go back. if not, well, there already are several places in town that serve heart healthy meals. i wish them good fortune.',1
'depalma is one of those directors you either love or don\'t love.  my personal favorites are a bit of the more wacko ones: phantom of the paradise, body double and of course scarface!',1
'ad my skin is no more \'white\' than your skin is \'black\', in all reality we\'re all just different shades of brown...am i wrong? dude, you sound totally racist to me....just saying',1
'no.   he shouldn\'t be fired. since when does everything said about a politician  that is nt funny  or is out of place  has to be considered racist?   only someone with a tendency to racism  would cry racism  in such instances  nick',1
'did anyone see the video? please point me to it. if he was calling michelle obama an animal then that makes the joke racist. we\'ve seen several racist jokes and pictures where president obama was compared to a chimpanzee, so this clown joke could have been of the same ilk. america has seen it\'s share of these references being made towards blacks over the years.         either way, he\'s suggesting that anne romney is more beautiful and he\'s certainly entitled to his opinion. no one can fault him for that. looks are always subjective but michelle obama is in pretty darn good shape. she is well toned and has a very nice figure. maybe the joke was delivered in poor taste.',1
'stfu...',1
'how can anyone say anything if they were not there and have no clue? come on people damn, , making posts is not about being sarcastic or foul, its an opinion on a  matter.... if she was treated badly she could have and should have reported it, i\'m sure they are all in actors unison, if not m she is silly for feeling threatened in a profession and move she chose ???',1
'poor taste yes but u should get fired for lack of performance not cause your run your mouth',1
'this is why people cheat. because when everyone\'s preaching forgiveness and how maybe she\'s changed and blah blah blah she cheated that\'s the point and now it\'s okay that she cheated, because everyone makes mistakes? no. i would never forgive my boyfriend for cheating on me, because you have the choice to say no and if you decide to say yes instead, then clearly something is missing in the relationship. people who really truly care about each other don\'t cheat. period. cheating is not okay and we should not reward it with forgiveness and compassion. it\'s a selfish act. instead of being a scumbag cheater how about you just take the high road and break up with the person if if you are so unhappy? that simple.',1
'what the clown stated about michelle obama was really mean.  her husband may be the very worst president ever, but this does not excuse what was stated about mrs. obama.  as a couple, mr and mrs obama may be extremely nice, kind hearted people.  mr. obama is just not qualified to be a united states president, that\'s all.  upward and onward.',1
'i bet you are a white woman.  she is not "my" first lady, just like the so called "citizens" said about g.w. bush not being their president during the last election.  you, and others like you trying to make the obama\'s out to be something they are not are the true scum of america.  true american\'s care about their country and not the incompetent imbeciles who are running it into the ground.',1
'to all of those commenting that "this is why they shouldn\'t let homosexuals in":    being homosexual does not automatically make you a child molester.  just as being a child molester does not automatically make you a homosexual.  being a child molester makes you a child molester!  this isn\'t a problem of people with a different lifestyle choice than yours influencing your children.  this is a problem of sexual predators attacking innocent children.  male or female.  this cover-up business needs to be ended and these people need to go to jail!    like previous posters said, predators flock to those positions that will get them alone time with children.  it\'s not that all scout masters, teachers, coaches, priests, etc are sexual predators, but that sexual predators find those jobs (before they are caught) because they offer the most opportunity.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'sporting breeds such as labradors,pointers, setters and chesapeake bay retrievers rely far more on their sense of smell than their eyesight, so this doesn\'t suprize me one bit.',1
'news flash, no one black was offended by this.  media is always keeping gas on the fire! shame , shame.',1
'\'power of compounding\' works on unpaid interest on your debt as well, so thats an invalid arguiment against paying off debt.  i rather be sure about being debt free and then invest.',1
'zero credibility this week, sir.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'definitely, he\'s an idiot, and he\'ll probably always have a clown mentality',1
'all the gay pedophiles, such as all the catholic priests that got busted, and jerry sandusky at psu, went after little boys, not little girls, so quite obviously they were all gay pedophiles desertlizzard, back to do some correct research and get some correct facts for you son.',1
'yep, frickin\' hi-lar-ious! here\'s another joke that you\'ll love. how did ann stop the romney\'s dog from humping mitten\'s leg? picked it up and sucked it\'s c@ck. lololol i love sharing funny jokes like this with my right wing friends now that i know they appreciate this kind of humor and don\'t take offense when someone takes a little humorous poke at their candidate\'s wife. :-)',1
'the first amendment does give us the right for freedom of speech and expression, as long as it doesn\'t infringe on someone else\'s right\'s or is harmful or slander.. i think you need to reread your constitution.',1
'yeah like that\'ll happen. sure, just extend the school day to leave time for the long lines of students waiting to get in the bathroom to wash up so thoroughly. you\'re not making any sense at all.',1
'when i went to middle school, they had a section of the cafeteria for people who couldnt eat nuts. all the way across the cafeteriawas a section for people who could eat nuts. why the hell doesnt that high school just do that??? all you have to do is post a sign saying " no nuts." at a certain table...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i am sure this will be replaced soon enough eggs over easy don\'t make a very good sandwich even with a donuts      weirdos i think they need to hire some taste testers that aren\'t out smoken a fatty before testing',1
'what\'s racist is the clown being punished. reverse racism.',1
'yeah real racist!! he approved that message!!',1
'yes',1
'ever read contents of the book of mormon or remarks by their prophet brigham young.  ann romney is mormon and all mormons think those writings and comments are absolutes.',1
'it\'s not as easy as simply avoiding the substance with a nut allergy.',1
'i\'m voting for noobama............',1
'may be you have the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists experience. but we also need a nudist mate, right? 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is a good choice.                  ',0
'the average  iq in the red states  is equal  to the number of their  teeth',1
'i worked for a large company that was purchaed by another company in the same industry. a buy out, or should i say sell out. we had a ceo who ran the company for many years, growing it into a powerful well respected company. that ceo who was with the company for many many years and resisted any attempt to sell the comany(he was a buyer not a seller) had a second in command who become ceo upon the retirement of the long standing and respected ceo. withnin 2 years of the former ceo\'s retirement we were bought out for many billions of dollars. the employees, within 2 years of the buyout saw thousands of layoffs, the closure of plants and the elimination and consolidation of jobs. long time employees were let go and replaced by emplyess of the acquiring company. the new ceo worked a deal where he walked away with 53 million dollars in cash and stock options while thousands of his former colleagues were let go in a rapidly decling economy. the company was totally viable and extremely profitable on it\'s own without any sale/merger. the ceo was to stay on as a consultant, of course we have never heard his name mentioned over the past 5 years. he took the money and ran as fast as he could ',1
'well tell me about mitt and the mormons. this is a religion that considered black people as infrior as recently as the 1970"s and this is the religion he admits he was raised in and served as a leader. so when did his opinons change? who would appear to be more dangerous.',1
'try tennessee',1
'no,and for $9.95...hell no!',1
'obviously.  the republican party is coming off like a hate group these days.  these bigots don\'t speak for the party but they are quickly creating this image.  obama will be re-elected because of it.  they may think they are a vocal majority because nobody tells them how they sound.  in reality we just smile and nod and think "wow!  ...really?"',1
'then you better pay military wives, police officer wives, firefighter wives, and anyone else\'s wives who works for the government on whichever level. ridiculous. i love obamama, but this is preposterous.',1
'takes 1 to know 1!',1
'"i don\'t care where you\'re from, that\'s funny!"    yes it is; to a child.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'we are doomed!!!   i am sensitive to all things that cause problems for others, but we are still doomed!!',1
'so poor working conditions give them a right to make any idiotic statement they choose with no chance or reprisal? nobody is forcing them to do the work they choose to do. but they are choosing to be in the public eye which comes with the possibility of not being accepted by everyone.',1
'wow!  where did you learn all of those adjectives, meant to replace curse words ?',1
'the muslims are not rioting because of any poor mde film thy are rioting because certain factions dont want their  countries to become democratic. this will always be the case in new coutries where their is democratic just as it did with our own with the civil war. it is not new and certainly trying to score points in an election off of another countries civil problems is also not new. when you are losing you will say and do anything even rig votes like they did in florida when bush won and are trying to do through the courts today so much for all americans to have freedom it seems with the republicans it should be for only those who have money and are white',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'who phuqs you in the ssa now your dog? hahahahahahahahawaha  ​ aaaaaaaaaabahhaaaaaa  ​ aaaaa.',1
'oh, they are so cute.  i want one!',1
'i worked in an office for 3 years that was male dominated, (as in i was the only full time female in that department). the owner of the office was a bit of a chauvinistic pig, and used to make me do all the drafting and mailing of his letters, even though i was case manager. my brother worked with me and the owner constantly used my brothers last name to introduce me, even though i had a different last name because i was married. when i quit, he had to hire 3 people to take over what i did by myself. my last email to him should\'ve been somewhere along the lines of :    mr. *****,   i have been employed here for 3 years and even though you signed my checks, you never learned my last name. for your information, just because i wear a bra does not mean i am your personal secretary, i assumed that is why you had receptionists. also, just because i can give birth does not mean that i should be paid $20,000.00 less per year than the male employees here that do the same job. you know as well as i do that i could bring several different lawsuits against you, ho',1
'@fair minded is the perfect example of a 3rd grade drop out. i don\'t agree so i\'m a bigot. piss off moron.',1
'must\'a missed those issues!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'whats next, a section for nuts and no nuts,  latex and no latex,   and diabetic and non diabetic.   pretty soon kids would be eating by themselves. 10 feet away from each other.  whats next so mayor innyc banning large soda drinks.   this is getting out of hand. its a bunch of wanna a be,s that have a little authority and want to be something.   ok your a wanna be idiot,control freak,go away.',1
'the only nuts that should be banned are the ones that came up with the rule.',1
'well, if push came to shove and it was cooked and processed thoroughly, i guess. in a post-apocalyptic world, anyway.',1
'amazing how momma bear got that collar on baby bear aye?    this little guy is more likely someone\'s pet or from a zoo/breeding program than any sort of wild animal.  when i observed wild grizzlies in yellowstone (via spotting scope and a couple miles distance) the cubs were at least this playful but the rangers were very clear that if they or their mother got within a mile of us we had to move out.    most mother bears would be upset to smell human on their cub so i would not want it to be my scent.',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'if a child has an allergy, that child should avoid the substance that causes the reaction.  this is crazy.',1
'don\'t try this unless you have blue cross or obamacare.',1
'was going from san diego to casper,wyoming once,me and two friends,in a honda civic with a full tank,and no cash....saw a lady with two kids at a rest stop in nevada having trouble changing her tire...we helped her,she gave us ten bucks(we would have refused in most instances,and said so,but we really needed the ten,so we took it when she offered),and with that we were able to top off the tank and barely make it to casper on fumes     it pays to help out,we did so not expecting payment and in doing so were able to finish our trip',1
'you dig for a reason to be offended , if you want it to hurt , it will',1
'not much of a "racist" joke...poor clown',1
'two deep leadership? the name alone sounds perverted...all the queers have to do is team up together, that gives the twice the ability to molest a child. these people need to go to jail, and the scouts need to be purged or disbanded.',1
'hmmmmmm.....advocati  ​ ng physical violence against another person simply because he expresses opinions contrary to your own? you must be a "christian."',1
'now that\'s funny i don\'t care who you are that\'s funny!',1
'immediately is a difference in what you are saying.  as a black person we know the difference between racism and jokes.  and if you as an intelligent adult don\'t know then you just may be a racist.  evaluate yourself immediatley.',1
'brain waves ans melanin are two different things. jokes about both of them can be offensive, but skin color jokes are usually a direct inferrence to racism jokes',1
'an actual civilized conversation between to opposing view points.  wow!',1
'get a life out of the sun',1
'actually rebecca playing in dirt is part of the problem.  our over reliance on hand sanitizers, anti-microbial this and that, etc are believed to be the cause of some of the allergy issues.  there is also a belief that we\'ve eliminated too many of the "helpful" microbes from our bodies and that is why autoimmune diseases are on the upswing.',1
'i\'m sure my parents had me naked in the lake as a infant, and we all had those showers at camp,not quite the same. isn\'t showing your all together, more about getting attention than anything else ? i guess here in minnesota where it gets to -30* whatever is exposed to the elements gets frost bite, and can fall off ~ no chance of them heading my way i guess. what ever floats your boat folks :-}',1
'heineken brilliant.',1
'yeah you people are sick.. what does a white man do while in the white house, oh i know get riches, steal from the rich, middle class and the poor!     wake up people and vote!!!!! change the world.     all of you are going to hell, you need to pray and ask god forgiveness. he created people not fools.    god bless america',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'yes! they are very highly overrated...but why use adolf hitler in it of all things/people?',1
'that\'s bs! go read about it before posting stupidity.',1
'max, you are one silly sob! get back to the basement before you hurt yourself! lol',1
'only idiots would eat that.that made my heart hurt just looking at it',1
'she\'s a  racist..... what goes around, comes around, little miss black panther sympathizer',1
'never mind how badly bush/his friends  failed---- making usa now the laughing stock of western world, and now we are not even  number 10 on the worlds standard of living--  but the rich are laughing as well, and talks even less with the 97 % of  us.  but i assume you know it is really the congress/senate that is the biggest problem, unless you expect romney to be a dictator, do not expect much, especially if you make under 1,000,000 a year (97%).!',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'i was in a pharmacy and watched an elderly man count out coins to buy a couple of pills because he couldn\'t afford the full prescription.  i called the pharmacist over, saying it was an emergency, then asked how much the man\'s prescription cost, and offered to pay for it provided the pharmacist didn\'t tell the man i did so.  he went back and told the old gentleman that, after checking, he was entitled to one free prescription.  i went to work and forgot all about that incident.  when i went to the deli for lunch and opened my wallet to pay for it, i didn\'t have enough money, having spent it on the old guy\'s prescription.  i was about to leave in utter embarassment when the deli manager said, "you\'re a good customer.  have lunch on the house."   wow!  karma!',1
'fixed flat tires, pushed stalled cars, pull stuck cars out of ditches and mud , gave away a few bucks... that is what jesus did , just helping when he could... why should we not do the same..',1
'well said am511',1
'then commit suiside.',1
'no one thunks!',1
'fire the cashier and retrain all employees on how to detect counterfiet bills.  somebody obviously didn\'t pay attention during orientation.',1
'fringe lost me in its premiere as a bad remake of a mediocre show, the x-files.',1
'this doesn\'t look safe.',1
'this story got a few facts wrong. ann romney didn\'t pose for "playboy"... she posed for "ignorant conservative racist" monthly. she looked resplendant in her "temple garments," but was not the centerfold. she was beaten out for that spot by a goat wearing a "teddy."',1
'good choice!',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'i don\'t download any music. i just buy the albums i like. they can get expensive but it\'s the right thing to do instead of stealing it. from what i know, if you get caught downloading illegally, it can be a hefty fine. not that i\'ve ever heard of anyone getting busted doing that. mostly i just listen to the radio.',1
'maybe you should walk one day in the shoes of a mother/father with a child with a peanut allergy before writing such ignorant posts. so each morning your biggest concern is trying to figure out what besides a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to pack for lunch, while the parents of a child allergic to peanut butter are making sure the benadryl and epi-pen are packed – and that the adults caring for their child are aware of when and how to use them - in case their child comes in contact with peanut butter and their throat closes up.  yeah, the kids with peanut allergies and their parents are the ones who have it made. i just don’t understand how people can be so mean and only think of themselves. denise clifton-jones, and those posting in her defense, are thinking only of themselves and not a second about the kids, theirs or others.  situations like this should make people realize how lucky they have it if their child doesn’t have a life-threatening allergy, not spark an attack on schools and their policies that attempt to keep all their children safe.',1
'i watched the video and no it does not it counts down minute by minute that doesnt say anything about that.... the buttons only say +time or -time.',1
'here is a link to the original  https://www.youtube.  ​ com/watch?v=fp6olw9i  ​ axe',1
'you cannont start taking food away just because someone is allergic to something sorry but they are the ones that must find a way to adapt not us!!!',1
'dumb fu(k troll',1
'the parents should have told the daycare center of the allergy.',1
'ok, send me a check.',1
'and you\'re a stupid clown!',1
'hey cass,ever watch the sopranos or the godfather,italians aren`t exactly the most racial tolerants group,and pleeease don`t tell me is stereotyiping,cause i happen to be close friends with a bunch of them',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'second the motion!',1
'i agree with most, but peanut butter and jelly is not a nutritious sandwich, especially if you\'re going with cheap peanut butter that is chock full of palm oil and sugar.  i do agree with the "do unto others" part though.',1
'a nice positive story for a change.  the dogs i\'ve had over the past 50 years have made my life better.  i can\'t imagine what this world would be like without them.',1
'oprah\'s former personal chef is involved. looking at oprah\'s figure over the years my question is, "what does this chef know about healthy food?',1
'"a tropical downpour that provided him with drinking water"    read more:',1
'must be proven guilty beyond the reasonable doubt  and the guy was walkin up to the cop and didn\'t touch the meter',1
'this first lady has built-in respect from her 25-person entourage we tax payers are paying for....as rodney dangerfield would say \'she ain\'t gettin no respect, she went to her doctor...her doctor said you\'ve got medical problems...she said she wanted a second opinion...he said \'you are ugly, too\'.',1
'i wonder if there are straight male girl scout leaders.',1
'honestly, it was probably store policy to do so but i wouldn\'t say that 75,000 is really that much to ask for considering, unless it\'s a contingency case that after wal marts lawyer are done in court she will be lucky to have a 1000 of it left. wal marts legal team rips people to shreds depressingly.',1
'many of those schools serve soy butter instead of pb.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'king, the first lady had nothing to do with the soda ban. if you have proof otherwise, please show it to me. her plan does not ban peanut butter. it bans things like candy bars and sodas...in schools. do you want your 5 yr old to drink soda and eat candy bars at school? that kind of stuff should be given to him/her by you, not available for purchase in the school.',1
'cleo       you continue to cry about the poor black race and its fight against the white man, do you not see that you are the one who continues to call whites whitey etc.        who is the racist here?        i understand that blacks don\'t believe for the most part that they can be racist just shows the lack of intelligence. your a perfect example.       ',1
'could have happily gone to my grave without knowing what an actual clown had to say.....he is a clown.  i am sure that at the end of the day he looks in the mirror and is soooo happy with his lifes choices.       enough said',1
'not racist?  the white woman was approached by playboy and offered big bucks, and the black woman was approached by national geographic and offered very little.  how can you miss the racism in that?!?',1
'freedom of speech?? try saying that about your boss at work or your mother, you racist idiot,  .',1
'really do u see  the president attending any muslim mosk the last i seen is he attends a christian church which is more than i can say for most of the people here who believe they go to church as you wont find it in a building where you show up once a week and give your tiding you will find it in your heart where all people are the same something christ was very big on. i think if you want to really be honest you would just say you would rather vote for anyone who isnt black',1
'this is a no brainer.     pay off your debt as quickly as possible.     how do you get the 7% returns she speaks of when your government does nothing but passes crazy legislation (i.e. everybody deserves a house whether they can afford it or not), and constantly prints money to make all of our money worth less while asking taxpayers to bail out bankrupt companies that they have supported (solyndra).',1
'one white guy says something in bad taste and now we are all racist.  come people you can\'t change ignorance.  not every white person is racist just as every black person, or any color person is a racist. one person says something and all the racist pop out screaming.  base your opinions on one another on their actions.  i get so tired of reading its the white people, no it\'s the black people.  i wish we could pack all the racist up and ship them to their own rock. the rest of us want to live together as friends and help each other get through these tough times.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on bing or google  richsingleclub. under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious. dawww',0
'...and if you don\'t think so - just read through most of these comments.  wow!',1
'wont let me say ****/',1
'sounds like to get rid of all the nuts in that school you\'ll have to fire them all and hire all new staff for the whole district.',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'you\'ll never get one',1
'sounds like the type of woman i\'d stay way away from. goes to show you that not only men are abusive.',1
'it has to start somewhere.',1
'this comment actually hurt my eyes...where were you when bush was president? amongst the "educated" smack talkers? ahhhh right.....lmao',1
'so according to this lady, being detained for two hours is worth 75 grand? perhaps her money wasn\'t fraudulent, but her troubles seem to be.',1
'they should also ban milk cuz i\'m lactose intolerant...  oops, i forgot to mention, no wheat either cuz i\'m also gluten intolerant...  and one more thing. i\'m a vegan so no more meat should be served. or eggs...  basically, everything should be banned to accommodate my needs. just eat dirt. but pick the bugs out cuz they are still meat...',1
'how do you survive for 105 days without water??',1
'not exactly, many years ago i was a just out of the marine corps an took a job as a  deputy in san diego  several months later i arrested a county commissioner for dui & speeding,, i was offered the opportunity to reconsider the citation, i refused and was fired 2 months later. my captain explained the circle of life to me and how what goes around comes around. naturally when the commisioner went to court  and there was no officer there to testify or testalie as it\'s called in the trade he naturally was found not guilty. had you been the reciepient of that ticket i might be still working there, i\'m grateful to the commissioner for his assistance. his effort caused me to seek better employment and a new direction i started my own company several months later  and have been self employed for 40 fun filled years.',1
'its just not realistic with my lifestyle',1
'did this person say something innapropriate??? if so, i must have missed it. im not defending him or talking ****. im just wondering...',1
'white racist, hillbillies, you are an embarrassment to america. get lost in those mountains, just disappear. you contribute nothing but hate to america.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.                ',0
'and wherever they move they should have to inform their new neighbors of their status so they can keep their pets safe.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'potus & michelle had the chance of a century, to quell racism; to assure blacks they have power, personal power to affect their own lives and be a contributing part of america, instead of teaching them to hate rich people !  he & michelle should have found a way to motivate and raise up black people & offer them something real, like education, confidence they are as much a part of america as he is  ... motivate blacks to learn a trade, as we all know education is the way to a better life, not more handouts.  they could have given every black person  hope & change, instead of "hate whitey more".    he has widened the gap between whites & blacks greatly, by displaying his \'blackness\' in granduer style, while ignoring his white ancestry, as well...thus he has chosen one heritage instead of choosing both sides of his ancestry to champion.     white people have a problem with obama because;  he sold this country\'s debt to china, at 16 trilliion dollars; part of',1
'keep that **** to yourself you disgusting prick. what you do in your bedroom is your bussiness and nobody elses!!! no one else wants to read that crap.',1
'i made 24% per year over the last three years according to pentegra...',1
'it\'s the parents responsibility to pay the bill, but if i was in charge i would have gave the kid a lunch and made the fee $10.',1
'any president of the united states should be afforded a certain amount of respect they don\'t have to earn simply because they are the president!  i\'m no fan, but cannot understand why so many posts need to have personal attacks attached to them.  this goes for replies to comments that some people do not agree with, so you don\'t agree, why include remarks about a persons iq, or position on the evolutionary scale?  thanks to the anonymity of the internet, people think they can write anything and that is it.  i would not be at all surprised if there isn\'t some computer program compiling all our remarks and placing them is some \'list.\'  with traffic cams, dash board cams, homeland security, x-rays at airports.....not surprised at all.  oh, btw, a poor place to tell such  a joke, but we do after enjoy \'free speech\' in this country, for now.  he did not break any laws (?) let his peers handle the situtation.',1
'i didn\'t put my kids in the scouts, i knew better because i\'m not stupid.. it\'s not my responsibly to resolve anything it\'s theirs. your question is irrelevant.  btw why are you making excuses for the inexcusable?...that\'  ​ s a little suspect to me.',1
'hahahahahaha!!',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'who wrote this article. comparing a hyundai to a rolls, a camaro to a one 77, and minivans. they might as well have a list for the dumbest decisions, because of these dumb editors. by the way id rather have a gt500 instead of a zl1, or a corvette. then again im  just a mustang lover.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'how is this news?',1
'everyone should stand up for him/herself if something they don\'t like is said against them.  no matter what color you are or who is delivering it.  no one should be let off the hook here.  being white doesn\'t mean that you have to let people put you down either, but we must be sensitive to others who have walked a different path. yes, people are sensitive.  i don\'t anyone who isn\'t.  should we just lift the curtain and go back to the days of calling people "retards" and "fatso", etc?  or is it just okay to liken the first lady to a national geographic special and leave it there for the sake of humor? speak up when you see or hear wrong, no matter who, when or where, and "do unto others as you would have them do unto you." that is how i was raised. i\'m sorry others don\'t feel the same. it makes for a much better life, for all of us.',1
'my black labrador "annie" lives for retrieving anything , dummies , or birds , she is just so energetic , and absoulutely loves training !  i thin klabs are hands down the smartest , hardest workig dogs there are , as i am sure if you look at what they use mostfro seeing eye dogs , that will confirm it , thank you to who ever started this breed , and improved upon it all these years. these dogs will instantly become your best friend',1
'don\'t you mean "phreak?"',1
'the irs will be investigating this clown!',1
'as a father of 5 and granddad of 18 , i know the answer.  it is unavoidable.  it happens , so get over it.     clean up the mess and go on about your life.',1
'hmmmm, i wonder if the people on here who enjoy romneys **** would of also voted for bush for a third term. no bigger idiots than bush and the people on here siding for romney just because they fear whites will become the new minority, shame on you all. bush, mc cain and now romney in the running and people on this blog have the nerve to insult michelle and obama who can at least put sentences together without embarrassing themselves and their nation.     o wait i forgot, they also have nicky minaj backing romney, a schizophrenic who gets fat injections and needs more tax breaks in order to make sure her **** does not deflate lol. woohooo, republicans know whats important, her ****!!!!!',1
'all but one person, and you know who you are, my friend,  you guys know in your jealous hearts that you did me wrong; including you, mr. manager, but it\'s ok; we all have to answer to the big guy for all we\'ve done (including me writing the ugly parts of this letter) ;  i don\'t understand how you guys sleep at night knowing how horribly you all treated another person; and for what???....sales bonuses??.... you guys are sad, you guys are trash.  and guess what??!! i\'m still smarter, better than you all.',1
'too young to know better.',1
'your mama loves ****, by the nba all-star team',1
'in the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight. ahh weeeeeeeeee...',1
'he rent to shoo and earnt  inguish',1
'went to rodeo here in georgia.  clown said........... more difficult to get obama out of office than get the bull back in the pen.     then the clown talked about muslims and akkkkkkmed  and yiyiyiyiyiyiyi.     it went over luke warm with some red necks, and i could see others squirming.\'     folks, most people see obama as black but educated, family.  the issue is the red necks resent a black man more educated and successful than them',1
'yes i thought that was very cool',1
'not saying what this person did was right, but how many dehumanizing derogatory "jokes" have been made about clowns, cowboys, and rodeos?!    sticks and stones may break my bones, but words can never hurt me!',1
'response to: thisworkisneverdone,  ​  there is a difference, from having an intolerance to eating certain foods and having a possibly fatal allergy just from touching the food, or even the residue from the food.     i don\'t really agree with taking the kids food away. i hope they gave him something else to eat! but i think that with things like that it needs to be the parent and child\'s responsibility to protect themselves and not every other parent and child who pack lunches responsibility.  i\'m sure the school is just scared they will be sued if something happens to an allergic kid, and i\'m sure the parents would sue, knowing people today!',1
'lmao! careful, you\'ll have a bunch of peanut haters screaming at you!',1
'unfortunately, racism is thriving and may decide the upcoming election.  romney and ryan may well prove themselves to be as destructive as the other group to be elected by appealing to racists, adolph and co.',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'labs are the best, currently have two choc and i black all girls. okay it can be a little crazy at times but they bring so much fun and life. could not imagine being without  my girls.',1
'think about what you are saying  -   if romney had failed more than he had succeeded at turning business around, he would not have  become wealthy',1
'you are an immature, ignorant poor excuse of a man.',1
'thinking about it men started the makeup thing back in the 1600 england  and france their judges and rich did no one else could afford it not even the hookers of the day a few rich women would too too look better than their man  i am guessing but the time period for sure       muhahaha humans are so funny',1
'this is great and so true! thanks so much!',1
'cleopatra209, judgeing by all your racists posts, you should be the last person to criticize anyone about being prejudiced!!!!',0
'this isn\'t about the president, it\'s about the first lady........and even if  you don\'t like the man, have a little respect for the man\'s position.....and for his wife.......your remarks are just as clownish as that clown\'s remarks at the rodeo.',1
'the school should spend as much time teaching kids as they do on this ****, then they wouldn`t have so many retarded kids in this world.',1
'my real problem with the satanic verses is that it wsn\'t a very good book.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'gm was a blue chip, so was enron',1
'know,i thx national geographic should have only offered $25.00 dollars.now dats funny...i guess if bill maher had said that he would have received huge reviews...ohh wait he only sprews filth about catholic church..',1
'shoulda stopped at "give it to your woman"   or better yet "give it to a woman".  i can see the humor in that (:      pushed too far at "its her job"',1
'this guy in the pic and his girlfriend were parked on the sidewalk beside the embarcadero (tourist main drag) between fisherman\'s wharf and the ghirardelli chocolate factory with a nice view. . . (of the bay! i know what u were thinking. lol)',1
'i am a lonely older man, i\'m looking for someone who can give me love and share life, so i joined    【b_ō_ō_m_ē_r_m_í_n_g_  ​ l_ē】~ under th e name of jamesk49. it\'s the best place for older men and women to get in touch with each other. i hope you can find your love again here!                ',0
'i have a daughter  that has food allergies and sensitivities. she also has problems processing suger.  at 11 she has enough common sense to know what to and not to eat, or drink in that matter.  she also knows she needs to eat more healthier then most kids. yet the foods to do this with are all band. a boy she hangs out with is suppose to lose weight, how do you do that when foods that provide more energy as well as more fulling are band as well as healthier foods. example nuts, fish. and dont tell me school lunches are healthy they contain almost more then what a child should be taking in at meals.  a questions i have always had for  parents is.... do you take your kids ouy to eat? do they go to a friends house? do they go to birthday parties? most of all.... what happens when they are older, teenager and have a job? are places that they are employed suppose to band this stuff as well?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'bc...sure seemed like it.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'hey! people why don\'t you get over it. leave warren buffet out and all other wealthy people; because  they pay their fair share of taxes.  i disagree that we have a flat tax; everyone should have a certain percent of their annual balance and that\'s it. cry babies!',1
'sho nuff',1
'you spend every day on you tube  have you come across any shape shifting aliens while at walmart   i bet  yea    and  in 1900 they would have said it was an act of god as to why the wires where fried  solar flares wouldn\'t be even in einsteins thoughts back in the day  but tesla might have said wait a second .    i have an idea  an ion drive we could go to the moon mars and have free energy all over the globe maybe even learn the secrets of  the universe',0
'no....chavez call president bush devil, lucifer in front of onu...over the years comedian jokes about it, why mrs obama should been excluded?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'racist!!!  lol  :)',1
'as principle..chomp, chomp..i confiscate this sandwich.. chomp, chomp.. in the name of health safety. does anyone have illegal whole milk or unhealthy oreo cookies in their bags?',1
'id rather give romney $250,000 to show us his w2\'s.',1
'who is going to hire people over age 66? it\'s hard enough to have job at 57-59, and if you loose your job, there no way some company will hire you with the same wages you received prior, or you ever will find job again, so i don\'t see point of talking about increasing retirement age. older people if they are in good health and have a job, they may continue to work. but what to do who has no job, and need income. i hate this pointless conversation about increasing retirement age. it\'s not a solution!!! unless you want for some who reached age 66, has no job and want  have no pension because retirement age will be 70? then parents would need to move in with their grown up children and be burden on their shoulder?!!',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'that is not what this article is about.  it\'s a shame that people like you cannot stick to the forum and go on a rampage that is nothing more than inane rants.',1
'thank our potus for showing inteligence, nerves of steel, leadership and moderation during this crisis. if romney was our president we would have already attacked egypt, syria, iran, yemen, etc. then the economy would take the same hits as it did by the non sensical iraq war.',1
'i once had a k-mart cashier call over a supervisor because she did not think my $2 bill was legal tender.  unusual, yes, but it is legal.',1
'buy the way old fart,i have a well so gfy ****',1
'if you remember the 60\'s you weren\'t there...',1
'there\'s alot to this allergy...the kid with the sandwich may be friends with the kid with the allergy...if he doesn\'t was his hands after eating that sandwich and touches the kid with the allergy it could cause difficuly breathing and at the worst extreme...death.  parents who have kids with these allergies need to provide epi pens to the schools.',1
'the clown is probably a lesbian of iranian and swahili descent who does gigs exclusively at jewish bar mitzvahs and american indian owned casinos',1
'it is what is missing, not what is covered in this article that makes me laugh. new england and the atlantic coast areas are beautiful in the fall. the problem is too many people. the same goes for highway 1 in california. and the grand canyon? not a fall foliage destination!   here is what is mostly missing. the much larger geography west of the mississippi. the beautiful ozarks from eastern oklahoma through arkansas and missouri down to east texas. one nod to colorado and the cascades but no real recognition of the great american rockies where the magnificent vistas are beyond comparison. new mexico, utah, idaho, montana, wyoming, oregon, washington.    my advice is an echo from the distant past..."go west, young man! (or woman)" make it the 10 best eastern us foliage trips and the 10 best western us foliage trips next time.',1
'@earnhardt8fan -  "propaganda machine"? you\'re paranoid!',1
'you can get out of marriage!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !',1
'you have a valid point.  let\'s put clear labeling on things.  so anyone who ate anything with a peanut base should have a big sticker put on their clothes that says i ate peanuts at lunch!  well, we could always go a step further and teach better etiquette like one poster suggested, we can make it to where every student is required to brush their teeth and wash their hands, arms, and face after eating.  after all, that is what you should do anyway.',1
'yes, he should\'ve been fired.',1
'is this really happening??!! what country is this & what planet am i on??!!',1
'blacks can start race riots and it is called defending their rights.  if whites started a riot it would be called a white supremacy hate crime.  am i wrong?',1
'after reading some of the comments, i see all the clowns aren\'t in creston, california.  if anyone thinks the idea of the offer to ann romney coming from playboy and the offer to michelle obama coming from national geographic isn\'t racist they\'re only kidding themselves.',1
'rd, are you talking thc overdose, or long term effects? if you are saying thc overdose, i agree, there has been only one recorded case of thc overdose, if you are talking the other, you are mistaken. in either case, that is not a reason to legalize a drug.',1
'@maark713:  you are typical of all the little rudy poots who made it out of the trailor park, worked, invested a little and now all who did not do what you did are worthless, shiftless welfare recipients.  typical attitude of the conartist/repubs.  i got mine...you do the same.  no concern for the hard working people  will be the republican\'s greatest contribution to americans.',1
'maybe your trying to read more into the joke than what was intended.  it seems their are many people out there that don\'t look for hidden meanings or something to be offended by.  trying to take things and twist them around to your agenda is what is causing america to go the direction it is.  if everyone would just work towards the greater good and stop the propaganda of hidden agendas we would be in a lot better situation.',1
'once again.   the bill for slavery was paid for with 360,222 union lives and 258,000 + confederate lives. there will be no satifying a certain number of black americans who can\'t let the past be the past. it happened but it\'s over. us white folks owe nothing more. the bill has been paid we are all equal in the eyes of the law and the only things that holds anyone back is themselves.',1
'americans will have to work past 70 so that they can afford to pay teachers and other public service employees retiring at age 50 with excessive pension incomes.',1
'boo yah!',1
'no it is not okay to let your toddler just drop their pants and pee whenever the hell they feel like it. with that mentality they will think it is okay for years to come.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'no sure about biden\'s comment ... will have to look into that. but glad to see you at at least realize that regardless of who it\'s coming from or directed at, "isms" are not acceptable.',1
'you\'re aware that bernanke and the fed are separate from obama\'s control.  the fed has a long history of being a pain in the butt for politicians because they don\'t do what\'s politically popular.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'miserable mutt, what\'s is your point?  obama 2012',1
'ask the obamas how it feels to spend a 500,000,000.00 dollars on vactions while americans are losing there houses and jobs. then see if you can find obamas birthcertifacte or colleage records or naything about his involment with the mob.   wake up america before it\'s to late. vote romney',1
'you\'re an idiot.',1
'wisconsin is politically unstable and therefore too dangerous to travel in.',1
'yes.  and stop worrying about transporting them on buses, taking them on field trips, offering organized sports, evaluating text books, taking attendance, yada yada yada.  it isn\'t a zero sum game where one function of the school automatically detracts from another function.',1
'with your very strong income, you should be able to pay cash for your very modestly-priced home - you shouldn\'t need a mortgage at all.  at worst, you should be able to pay that house off in only 3 years or so.  you make a lot of money.  i wonder where it is all going....',1
'only red necks would think diving in horse manure is a sport',1
'yes, how stupid can you get? school personel should use common sense and stop going overboard on stuff like this. it was the boys lunch, meant only for him and not meant to be shared.',1
'do you think the clown should\'ve been fired?    yes, barack should be fired!',1
'you sir just told us between the lines that you are not black, that you are a nig-er.',1
'sure after all they would get it all back when they  retire and collect ss and medicare.',1
'what was racist about it ?',1
'i agree with you cya1.  this is truly an eye-opener to see how hateful people can really be.  it is truly disgusting to read some of these posts.',1
'if obama gets more money from the rich, do you really think he will give it to the middle class.. hell no. he will keep it for the govt. to give more free money. he keeps saying he wants to help the middle class, he doesnt, he wants to give more to those on welfare and food stamps. that doesnt help them, it makes them more dependent.',1
'poor michelle...poor hussein!!! don\'t ridicule the monarchs....give me a break!  okay to ridicule all the white presidents though...so i guess you are racist. by the way, the two of those obama nitwits should live in hollywood where all the other phonies live...and they speak oh so well, when the teleprompter is there, otherwise it\'s "uhh, hmmm, mmm,uhh....navy corpseman....uh,uh..  ​ . 53 states......uh,uh stupid cambridge cops......" then they make biden look like william shakespeare.     get a real viewpoint, not just a racist one, a-hole !',1
'thank you this is what i wanted to see',1
'too bad the press doesn\'t apply the same standards to the "reporters" covering politics.',1
'how far back does \'back in the day\' go exactly? because if you are up on your history, white people have been slaves (and still are in parts of the world) for thousands and thousands of years....what makes their slavery less atrocious, or easier to forget, than that of the african? is it because their skin is lighter in color, so it somehow different? so confusing....',1
'says the "musician" who doesn\'t want to get a real job.',1
'and the personal attacks continue..,.....',1
'no - it doesn\'t insinuate that at all.  when have you ever seen a naked white woman in a national geographic?  please find me one.',1
'bc, very good point. you\'d think people wouldn\'t go so crazy over a film. it seems like some people are using it to promote their need for violence. i haven\'t seen it but i can guess it\'s not worth killing over. some people need to just chill out.',1
'because his first name is jenkins and his last name is clifton-jones.',1
'you must of gotten hit on your head with the rodea clown. there is only one clown running for re-election and that clowns name is obama.',1
'democrats......enoug  ​ h said.',1
'please take god out of your screen name. i\'m sure he finds your use of his name as repugnant as any thinking, reasonable person does.',1
'ms. walker, it would seem that you failed to read the article.  if you had, you would see that your claim that those making $50k a year pay more in percentage terms than millionaires.       also, why do you believe those corporate deductions exist?  it\'s because the corp tax rate is the second highest in the world.  without those deductions us businesses would not be able to compete.   canada just dropped their corp tax rate to 15%.    better to go to a low corp tax rate and end the loopholes.       lastly, ge ended up paying no corp income tax due to green energy credits.   better that the federal govt not be in the business of picking winners and losers.',1
'harp is just another scam that does little or nothing to help a person\'s situation.  lending companies like quicken loans offer a higher rate and higher fees.  they are only taking advantage of a persons misfortune.  a company like seterus, which was forced to offer better rates, should not be allowed to charge such fees.  they are not being punished at all!  they told me that no one else will help me and that fees were $2700 and 4.6 was the best rate anyone would give me.  my wife and i have 780 plus credit scores, we make $110,000 a year, and never missed a payment on anything in 20 years, but they do not want to give us a better refinance because our house only appraised for $64,000 and we owe $62,000.  something is wrong here!  way to go again government!!',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'lol but agree!   sure takes the fun out of a shopping trip!  grrrrrrrrrr....  we have to go again mom????????????????  thanks for the chuckle olfended!',1
'exactly. not to mention making mix tapes/cdrs for friends.',1
'lol',1
'isnt "healthy fast food"an oxymoron?',1
'so does the fact that she is or was an unknown mean she was not worthy of respect and general decency?  although i do question why so long after the movie debut am i hearing this ($$$$$ maybe), but none-the-less, with all the men on the set and the very few women in the actual movie (don\'t know how many were actually on hand on the actual set), i can see how she may have felt a bit uneasy..especially when they were "in character".  under no circumstances should anyone go to "work" and purposely be made to feel uncomfortable.    side note; i effin love this movie...#don\'t judge me :)',1
'wake up! bush is who caused so much hated from the arab world towards the usa. thank god we have had obama, a realistic and decent leader, the last 4 years. go obama.',1
'i think the dumbazz that made the film clip should come out of hiding & go on a promotion tour & stand behing his film!  not that would be some entertainment!',1
'like that lady that locked her kids in the car and drove it in the lake so they could all drown??',1
'she is the bigger man.....',1
'that just means you were one all along.',1
'boogerhead744 - with a screen name like yours all we have to do is consider the source of any of your comments and toss them idly into the trash can where they belong.',1
'i agree with you but we are also talking little kids here- as aparent i\'m sure you witnessed your child doing some odd stuff without realizing the potential danger. with some severe allergies one mistake can prove fatal. more research should be done as to why so many now have food allergies compared to 20-30 yrs ago (according to my son\'s doctor)',1
'i have to wonder if the author\'s  of these article\'s reads the comments ?  not one person seems to have any sympathy for either michelle or barack ..but to listen to the media and dumb journalist that are paid to make him look like god and king obama. these journalist and editor\'s care nothing about our country, they go where their bosses tell them to go!  you would think being the first lady of the usa we would all be up in arms about what that clown said...reality news broadcast  "we are sick of obama his racist wife and their racist rev white .we are sick of the obama files showing actual records of his communist mentor frank marshal davis "fbi wanted during the cold war? and most of all his beatnick 60\'s communist mother who ended up working for big banking corps all over the world! she shed her anthropoly so she could be put up in a hilton in asia and pakastan ..this is the news that needs to be..passed on. but this extreme liberal media is hiding it from the people..so what is news in the us is actually the real joke!',1
'yep, this is certainly a fact in your ideologically delusional socialist fantasy world. why don\'t you actually look something up instead of regurgitating the radical left’s usual propaganda?',1
'the super rich can afford to spend 100s of thousands to save millions through tax haven countries. the people making 100,000 to one million a year are taxed enough. the people making 10s of millions a year are not paying anywhere near what most people making 50,000 a year pay percentage wise anyway. the huge corps are killing the tax base. they cry that it is 35% but the average of the top 50 companies was less than 15%  ge pay less than 0% get that. they made billions last year and the irs gave them our money for doing it.',1
'let someone take food away from my family and that would be the end of them. that is going to far. the person or persons involved in this incident should be put in prison for cruel intentions. and a half a million dollar fine. and loose there teaching rights.',1
'i would not have allowed myself to be kidnapped by the store. i would be holding on to my money, which the store damaged, and making a fuss until the police arrived. when the cops got there i would have been the nicest person in the world, and explained the situation.',1
'oh man you got me.  guess i will keep my opinions to myself.  well played.',1
'extremely overrated...android is sooo much better it\'s not even funny...but i\'ll tell you what is funny...wanna hear a good joke?...iphone 5...',1
'isn\'t that illegal in thirteen states?',1
'blame it on bush',1
'ummm, comedians everywhere make politically incorrect jokes...that\'s what they do!!!! but since it is at our glorious leader\'s wife, it\'s a no-no???',1
'now i understand why the "average" (not super educated) person cannot figure out our tax system or explain their own tax return figures.....i went to a "fast food" (not very fast) restaurant for lunch.  my bill was $5.23 so i handed the person at the register a 5 and a 1. when they rang up the money i discovered i had a quarter in my pocket,  so i asked for the $1 bill back and gave them the quarter.  they got really red in the face and actually had to call a mgr over to help them figure out how much change they owed me when the register came up with 77 cents.....hmmmmm.   education must not be very important,,,,,,,just ask the teachers in chicago',1
'let me ask this question. are there actually any kids that have peanut allergies at this school? if not, the ban is just stupid.',1
'quick "snappy" worthless comments are the republican\'s easy way out...hiding information and money seems to be how the operate.  president clinton left the country in the "black" with a blanced budget.  bush and the other money-mad-men cause the mess that president obama has to deal with.  you are the fools for calling the hard working people of this great nation lazy....why should they want a "living wage?"  oh! i forgot your logic...if one isn\'t rich they must be lazy!!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'altho,pelosi has nice t*ts for her age and michele has long smooth looking legs.',1
'freedom of speech only protects you from being jailed, not from being fired. please take the time to understand what you\'re talking about next time, moron.',1
'is the man not entitled, based on his own personal, real life experience, to voice his opinion, when asked, regarding this issue? oh wait, not if you don\'t like it right? lmao',1
'the super bowl. even if you don\'t like football, you\'re going to make at least a couple grand on them every year. and that\'s a conservative estimate.',1
'paul ryan dresses like an american but is no different than any common taliban.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow, thats gay',1
'she has incredible courage and tenacity, so does the young woman from georgia who lost her limbs because she contracted a flesh eating bacteria. people like this are an inspiration, they battle against obstacles\' every day that most of us probably couldn\'t handle, and they win ! it never ceases to amaze me how cold and brutal some people can be, which is probably fueled by fear and insecurity, i wish them both the best ! ! !',1
'considering what mrs clinton endured while slick willie was in office this is fairly tame by comparison.  i can\'t imagine anyone but the sickos wanting to see either of these women naked--they are married women who have children.  bill maher used language that was much worse to describe conservative women and still has a gig with hbo and is hailed by most of the left as funny--the president will accept your million though.   if you call the current first lady some of the things you called sarah palin you won\'t have that job for long billy!  i dare you--try it!  no guts!',1
'why stop in miami? keep going south, cuba would be good.',1
'the seemingly ever-increasing volume and rarely fading haze...pollution...h  ​ as made this stretch a less desirable route for foliage gazers. factor in the increase of meth lab busts along the way...',1
'two us products that have found their way to every corner of the earth....coca cola and singer sewing machines.....in th remote regions of africa and asia during the fifties, singer sweing machines and coke botles were evreywhere',1
'rt i take it by your post your a rush fan the same guy who had his maid get a load of vicodon and including viagra. now the it was a tasteless joke but it is okay when other groups talk about whites the differences is she our first lady and he is our president. just because he black doesn\'t make him not the president which he was elected.  based on your id your from the south where 20% still believes interracial marriage should be against the law. you mention free speech bush and cheney took more rights from us than any other president, next time you go to the airport and they search you ask yourself what about the 4th amendment you know what that is" correct. how about they can listen on your calls without a warrant, view every key stroke of your computer so next time you want to trash a president lets look at what rights bush took from the country jessie the body for president he\'s not bought by big corp. money.',1
'hey, buck... get a brain, you neanderthal moron.',1
'me and them = happy threesome.',1
'84% of all the injuries sustained by our troops in afghanistan have been in the last 3 years ~  70% of all troops who gave their lives in afghanistan have been in the last 3 years ~ and yes those stats include 8 years under bush.',1
'these three peoples actions represent the best of the dumb in america movement, greed in america movement, and the me-me-me movement in america.',1
'sheesh, everybody\'s got a story about how they "rose above it" or, like this guy, told everybody off.  how about just keep your ego in check, accept that you don\'t look at yourself with an unbiased view, do your job, keep your better-than-thou to yourself and come off looking like someone with a little bit of dignity.  if you have to tell someone you\'re better than them... you\'re probably not.',1
'yaaah you right  nice caabooos  and biiig boooobs to',1
'regardless of all you racist ****s\' comments. he was fired, which he deserved. :)',1
'most animals aren\'t naturally afraid of humans - they have to learn from their parents, or unfortuantely, the hard way, which makes me worry about this cub : it obviously hasn\'t had a bad human experience, but now it may think every human is this nice and playful!  mom may be nearby and too afraid to intervene, especially since the cub isn\'t in distress. (btw, there is no collar on this cub - grizzly cubs have that white ring around their necks.)',1
'marijuana kills everyday...brain cells. i guess is should be legal to do that.',1
'have to give you credit, we\'ve managed to talk about everything but obama.  no offense intended but i\'m going to take a break from these rabbit trails and trips down memory lane.',0
'racist, racist, racist whenever someone doesn\'t agree with the dumbocrats or says something they don\'t likt it\'s racism. obama is trying to divide this country and just throwing gas on the fire. one idiot who commented in here stated that "whites will soon be the minority in this country." racism goes both way and if there\'s a big plan by blacks in this country to take over......i\'ll be ready.',1
'how many of their racist jokes were made about the 1st lady of the u.s.?',1
'well, at least this makes more sense than the school i heard about over the weekend that is banning pb&j because it is racist! (apparently because some cultures do not eat them)',1
'are you truly that obtuse or just trying to be controversial?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i agree completley with you man but the forester is so ugly man i am sorry that thing is horribly ugly lol but the outback gets better gas mileage and looks awesome for a eco-wagon',1
'more class warfare liberal hate speech.',1
'really bill fleckenstein, what makes you so intellient.  everyone knows why the bubble busted.  under reagon were hugh interest payments,  under george w. bush it was time to do away with banking regulation, and that set the stage for easy money in the housing market.  it doesn\'t that an idiot long to figure out what is coming  (greedy) bankers and hugh bonus\'s for the big ceo,  jobs lost and made in china everywhere.  do you mean it has taken you 32 years to figure this out, no wonder we are in debt, if intelligent people are in charge.  it took gm 4 years to figure out they were   $8 billion in the hole, just who is watching the banks and the republican policians.  i only have one thing to say, i would like to thank the bush family, sarah palin and her tea party, mr. romney for the billions he made off of saleing the american worker out, mr. paul ryan and his 2 faced statements,   none of this guys want to talk about the economy, or jobs, or taxes for the rich.  like a great man or the south once said, it is time to share the wealth.  get it bonehead, oh that is boehner.',1
'investing in my 401k, even with the match, is absolutely ridiculous.  i\'ve lost over half of my balance 3 times now when the market tanked.  the first time i had $30,000 then was left with $15,000; then i had $20,000 then was left with $10,000. this last time i was left with less than $8,000 after paying in over $60,000 over the course of my 18 yr work history!  if i paid off my debts instead of investing in this stupid way to save (lose), i\'d probably wouldn\'t have any debt at all.  now my employer has cut the match to "if we have money at the end of the quarter, we\'ll match" (which hasn\'t happened yet in the year since they started doing it)  i\'m going for debt payment instead. i\'ll put my money in a savings account instead of the market - i might not get a tax break, but at least i\'ll still have the principal!',1
'axlegrease, did this woman turn you down for a date or something??? there\'s way too much hate there for the average poster...',1
'pelosi is smarter than the ****\'s that voted her into office.',1
'you earn respect.....',1
'severe allergies are devastatingly sad and difficult to deal with but it is becoming crippling to local schools to accomodate and i am so sad we have those that sue "for their child\'s right to a public education"....accomo  ​ dation should be made to the degree that online schooling is available and home schooling just may be the only recourse.  we may get to the point where there will be designated schools to accomodate all special needs be they, tutorial, food related, or as the case of my grandson, residual motor skills resulting from brain tumor.  not every community can afford to have every school be exception capable.  time there are some limits to the liabilities.',1
'----i can not wait to see, when you have 35 billion dollars and still lives in the same house from 1957----  his iq and obama iq are both ower 130--george bush senior was 97 and jr was 118-- so you need to get your education, before you hit the dumb button!--possibly you could not qualify for college?',1
'because simply, the joke at hand did not disrespect the first lady.',1
'hell no  i liked it!!!!!',1
'yes!, please, just legalize it nationwide. regulate and tax it like alcohol and tobacco. it\'s safer than booze by far (look it up, people.). also, it\'d really stick it to the murdering drug cartels in mexico.',1
'so cleo you are you really trying to convince us that there is actually a black person trying to get a job...when obammy given y\'all everything and all you have to do is sit on your fat @$$!',1
'yolo bro i hope you were an organ donor. he\'s setting a fine example for the lil black kids what admire him. some people don\'t realize that as a "celebrity" they have influence on young people.  that\'s why they sell so many records. no great loss one stupid black  drunk idol doing stupid things.  he\'ll be replaced by the end of the week. at least he didn\'t hurt anyone else.',1
'candace, you are the only one that didn\'t know i was making the whole thing up. how does this make you feel?...lmfao',1
'just because you didn\'t know anyone with a peanut allergy doesn\'t mean they don\'t exist.  also, young elementary school students aren\'t always discerning enough to know that they shouldn\'t eat something that will cause an allergic reaction.',1
'in the natural world prey is camouflaged and anything that would come in an animal print fabric would be the predator...',1
'ohhhhhhhhhhh, well show me a president in the white house. lolololol maybe when mit gets in there might be a president.. lmao!!!!!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the debates will end it. mitt wont be able to talk and wont try to fess up. oh, va & fl are already turning on him and only pa has gotten the vote rigging passed at the time but the feds will take care of that.',1
'"but for making a joke like this, the man in question no doubt deserves to be fired."    remember all the jokes made about the palin\'s and their sexuality or a children yet it was considered just fine, maybe only an apology? for that matter, any conservative woman politician? much of what has been said has been down right evil. michele malkin "needs to get laid" or the female, black, and mormon legislature from utah called a "dirty worthless whore"?    "in a perfect world, he\'d be punished even more severely for that type of behavior."    yes, you are an obama supporter, or at a minimum ignorant of the first amendment. people have a right to say stupid and',1
'lsd maybe?',1
'hardtack48, that works both way.  racematters, your comments show your ignorance and uselessness.  eat me.',1
'smoke and mirrors; what matters is how much money the government has the federal reserve bank print; which dilutes the dollars in our pockets.  that is the real tax.  how many trillions of tax load did obama put on us last year? (he had 25% of our gross national product printed up)  in his presidency?  only so many cans of soup made each year; when the government has the "fed" (i.e. private bank which controls our lives) print money to give out in the form of welfare, then there are more dollars competing for the same amount of goods.  the "value" of your money is reduced, which is just like having less money, and that is just like an up front tax.  bend over and get your back door tax.  you got to pay for all those illegal immigrant votes!!      i find it amazing how everyone thinks it is sooo wonderful how obama can raise campagne money.  those people who donate to him expect something in return, it is called return on investment (roi), which you ultimately end up paying for.  for example, the solar company that received 500 million in government grants and went bankrupt a week later, they dona',1
'jap & chrysler crap...typical msn fare. what\'s the matter guys, won\'t any of the other car companies bribe you?',1
'the pink black hole?',1
'why  would you call me a dumb a$$? i\'m not taking sides with her, i only giving people the benefit of my legal expertise...so eat sh!t moron.',1
'here\'s a thought: school cafeterias should be equipped with not one, but several epi pens, and all faculty and staff should be instructed in their use, and prepared to use one if the need arises.     there\'s an easy and cheap solution that doesn\'t alienate anyone. and it\'s a damn good idea anyway.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'thanks joe!',1
'is that what u **** like to do with clowns. thats disgusting! go rape someone else',1
'you don\'t have to touch an item if you\'re allergic to it or them...airborne particles are enough to cause serious injury...yes, i know it\'s not fair to others, but possbly losing a life is not worth it.  we have to be understanding and the policy "was in force for 6 years" and it\'s not as if they just started it.  it really is a no win situation because someone will be without either way.  however, if a person kept a good distance from the item, maybe they\'d be okay, but then how would they know it was around....catch-22.  just saying.  p.s., i love peanut butter and jelly...had one last night, smile.',1
'yes!!!!!',1
'the parents have to supply any epi pens needed by their child at school.  the school does not provide them.  these pens are very expensive and many insurance companies will not pay for a 2nd one for school (the 1st one is for home use).  also, if the school has been notified of an allergy to a food, the child is served something else on days the allergen is being served (ex: juice for milk, cheese for meat, etc).',1
'let obama keep bowing to the muslims and apologizing for america, where btw, we have free speech.  the polls show the candidates close.  if obama keeps messing up his comments regarding the attacks on our embassys (with no retribution i might add), he and his buddy pelosi will be enjoying a nice vacation the arabs.  they love them so much, let them go live in the middle east.',1
'lmao.....great joke!  ng would be paying mo too much tho @ $50',1
'did anyone really expect bernanke\'s "brilliant plan" to actually work?  psssst...obama..your  ​  policies...they aren\'t working buddy.  quit trying them.',1
'there\'s about 4.6 million that would tell you wrong. 400,000 more than there were in 10/2008 when bush 43 was prez.',1
'he was the republican senator and this was just a part time gigg',1
'they must not have had any family if it took that long for someone to find out. so what harm did she cause.',1
'we have one in the white house!!',1
'clearly you know nothing about pullman. i could contradict each statement in detail, but i will forgo the effort.',1
'you mean like the pants on the ground type that work at most of them anyhow ?',1
'upstanding citizens, bmg.....they they didnt miss me, i was there then i was gone, poof..lol..too make sure....',1
'how about lego\'s?',1
'unreal.  these "teachers" make 77k a year with good benefits, work nine months a year and want more?  please.  fire them!  there are plenty of people looking for jobs, many who would likely jump at an opportunity to make this kind of money.       too bad rahm does not have the backbone to tell them to not let the door hit them in the azz on the way out!!!',1
'i predict she will leave office in shame just like the obamas and bidens. damn i hope so',1
'lol that is just as bad as the oriiginal clown joke.',1
'he rent to shoo and earnt  inguish',1
'aww did she also give him noogies? what a puss.',1
'i hope he gets booted from being a charter school administrator',1
'sue the store!',1
'what about froot loops??',0
'with guys like donald the trumphet, mr limberger, lady palin, and many many more  on your side i\'d say we\'re golden. i sit back in amazement as to how your party can hog tie you with words and promises of stupidity and fear.  it takes a special person to live the old quote of "most ignorance is vincible ignorance". meaning since your side needs all the help it can get...you don\'t believe because you either can\'t or don\'t want to believe. and i\'m trying to not insult you.',1
'when i was in grade school in 1951 peanuts were a rich man\'s food in the north... poor folks like us had to take raw bacon sandwiches with home churned butter for lunch, one day a week... and shoes, who had shoes??? not poor folks we had worn out flour sacks on our feet and no underwear..  we had to walk 4 1/2 miles to school, uphill both ways.. we wish we had peanut butter.',0
'lets see if i have this right. first the government requires banks to loan money to people who can\'t afford a house - then come to the rescue when they can\'t make payments, and if the goverment and banks would have given away  $75 billion tax payer dollars  faster - our forclosure rate would be down.       got it.',1
'yup, people are to stupid to recognize humor...that is why lol was invented!',1
'this is not a joke the white color is under the black  feet.',1
'thats why romney is losing and will. what will you say then.. haha......',1
'it\'s just a bad joke. it\'s so bad it\'s not even racist.',1
'not!!',1
'whatt he hell is wrong with you people. you are an ugly person inside and out! why do people resond so harshly. she is a beautiful person and i love her eyes...they make her unique and beautiful',1
'for that much you could fly to africa and see the same thing for a year',1
'schools are starting to govern too much! the kids have parents, if they have allergies then the parents would not pack a lunch with it. let the kids know that they have friends that might be and not to trade items. some schools ban soda. ok don\'t sell it but if the parents pack it in the lunch let them alone. stop trying to govern every little thing we do.',1
'volckerfan - or do you think that is more conspiracy theory than fact?  your thoughts are appreciated.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i had 2 large dogs stolen, we lived in a rural area, my neighbors got together to look for them and someone realized that 2 young men were camping on their parents property in the area.  they lived 90 miles away, in pittsburgh.  one of my neighbors called the parents of these young men who said the dogs had been in their garage and one of them attacked one of the young men when they went to feed them and both dogs got away.  that information came to me on day 3 of the dogs being missing.  on day 9, a neighbor called me saying she could see my dogs walking slowly down the railroad tracks towards my house.  i went outside and there they were coming home frm 95 miles away.  that was about 30 years ago and i still tear up thinking about it.  they were tired and hungry but fine.',1
'ewwww. i know salty and sweet is good, but this one is just not doing it.',1
'you know in china the average retirment age is 51.  maybe if everything was cheaper, we wouldn\'t need as much money to retire.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'well i say its about damn time for a law like this. my biological dad would literally punch the hell out of my mom\'s puppies for crapping on the carpet. their eyes would be bloodshot and they would have frequent siezures. then he while my mom was at work, he would drive them up to the mountains and leave them there if he he didnt shoot them first. i was only a baby at the time, so i couldnt do anything unfortunately:(. this law needs to be everywhere!!!',1
'read the reply to above rrr1, you must be the same sex partner...',1
'did the stupid school give the boy something to eat,or did he do without a lunch?!!',1
'no',1
'call the police, get your money back, never shop there again. simple.',1
'srw86 if you think michele is such a great person you need to read her college papers on how she hates white people. she is nothing but a big fraud.',1
'want to see racist. find a picture of the obamas and you will see some real racist',1
'is the wall ok?',1
'any way you look at the investment (asset) side of your personal balance sheet, you are leveraging those investments by having debt on the liability side. that inevitably makes your net worth (equity) balance riskier and more volatile. i say never borrow money to invest. these days, just when you think you have you\'re whole strategy figured out, along comes the fed or the government with another major policy change that can wipe out your strategy and your wealth. there\'s no winning it, because, the people doing it are targeting your wealth.        excessive debt is the number one cause of personal financial crisis and the economic crisis we are all facing right now. it’s pervasive from the individual, to corporations, to trillions in sovereign debt that can never be paid off.        instead of debt vs. invest, how about don’t borrow and save? i think that’s a better way to start.',1
'luangwa, if you have accurate facts you\'re more likely to be taken seriously. it is estimated that only 1/3 of people with peanut allergies are at risk to suffer a fatal or near fatal reaction when exposed. while that may be a decent number, it\'s a far cry from "most".',1
'lol hes lucky i cold cocked mine with a bottle of j.d. ;)',1
'that guy must have 9 lives, if mom would have been around, himself and the others around him would have been (mince meat).',1
'this is totally mind-boggling and unacceptable  what ever happened to the phrased of being politically correct? what about respect for the flotus? people are so consumed with hate - it is okay to spew hate when you are not impacted by it.  upholding free speech is now the main theme - regardless whether you are spewing hate, inflammatory comments and others. do understand that you would have to pay for the consequences of your actions - would like to see some of these racist folks on this thread - say something racist to the wrong crowd - after all now everything goes unchecked in the name of free speech; and then have the crowd turn on you.',1
'simply the one with the allergy should just stay away from other peoples lunches. school has no business telling parents what they pack for lunch. what\'s next a student with a strawberry or grape allergy so now no one can use strawberry or grape jam. totally ridiculous position the school has taken, is this the best solution a room full of college grads could come up with? what\'s scary is these people are teaching these kids, glad my kids are not going to this school.',1
'lick       obama failed. romney2012.       and when romney fails, who then.  the president is not the only one that needs to shoulder the blame.  a great deal of it needs to go to the congress.  with an   approval rate of 10%, often in the single digits, they certainly don\'t seem to be   doing their job either.       this is not a single persons fault, but the fault of a system, the political system.  ',1
'what is racist about it? is it as bad as putting bush\'s head on a spike?',1
'ugly',1
'it probably took you 5 times to read the story and 10 times to read the joke to get it.       but seriously, anybody can say what they want, but there may be consequences to be faced. i\'m sorry grendel45, was that last sentence too cerebral for you?',1
'whatever they are, at least they are not silicone filled sacks like the tanned meat sack mitt romney is married to has..',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'is that a screwdriver in your pocket, or should i tase you?',1
'yeah, bloomberg is a fool.  he should get canned, along with his buddy obama.',1
'dwight eisenhower r, gave us the interstate system......since  ronald reagan, name one thing a republican president has done  for  the middle class in this country...',1
'only in nashville.....',1
'retirement is the time in life when there is nothing so difficult as doing nothing,people should retire as young as possible so they might still enjoy there life. the only thing golden about the golden years is your urine(if you can afford vitamins} regards moonover007',1
'are you nuts?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you need to research more about what the reps. want to do.. they dont want to hurt the average worker. obamacare is what is going to hurt the average worker.',1
'white people, what would lucy say???',1
'i personally have nut allergies.  i do carry a pen with me.  here\'s the issue with nut allergies that is not always present with other contact and food allergies...  the smell of peanuts makes me itch in the mouth, the residue left behind on tables, hands, and other contact areas makes me break out in painful welts.  my anaphylaxis is brought on by other nuts, not peanuts... but the possibility exists for some children.  why should these children with physical disabilities be given less rights than others?  it can be a life threatening issue, and a hidden danger if kids are getting into their lunches in the classrooms and cross contaminating an area normally safe,  i could go on, but you seem to have so many well thought out opinions already',1
'if you haven’t﻿ started to reckon about tiresome online dating, this is the time to take the step to find like online. there are lots of baby boomers like you who are facing so many days and nights alone. take that first step now! don’t wait any longer, try online dating now! join  ♥-------luvsenior -------♥',0
'seriously???? national geographic has thousands of pictures of  topless africans so that was the joke.,it was extremely offensive.',1
'perhaps you meant "jokes".',1
'i think it was supposed to have to do with national geographic printing pictures of  women from around the world in their native costume, regardless of whether or not  their dress met the code of acceptable dress in the us.  back in the 1950s very young men would look at sears catalogs for pics of women in their underwear (or even a sketch) and of course, back issues of n.g., hoping to see something interesting. it\'s still a pretty stupid joke, but it\'s also an old one, and originally was more a joke about what n. g. could get away with by labeling the content educational.  i don\'t know what this clown was trying to do, but apparently it didn\'t go over very well, so i guess he was fired for incompetence.  or maybe because it was supposed to be racist, but i can\'t see why he would think that would be a good idea, or funny. who knows what he meant to say?.',1
'you should thank washington every day for spending your social security funds to keep their lights turned on ... </sarcasm>',1
'no.....what happen to freedom of speech...oh you only have that right if you are agreeing with the liberal media or if you are saying something nice about the obama\'s..if you disagree or make a joke about either   you have committed the worst of sins.. off with your head....really people... at the rate we are going everyone will be out of a job or worse...so let the clown do what clowns do and move on....',1
'nice pun',1
'it is apparent, what with the reaction in the middle east to disrespect for another abrahamic faith, that there are things better left unsaid.  as i key in on this board, i read of still another anti-american demonstration.   sometimes it just good ol\' common sense just to shut up and keep hot button statements to yourself!',1
'yep, obama has started the censorship campaign, starting with the guy that made the film clip.',1
'yes, the nerve of the clown.',1
'no, i do not think the clown should have been fired, what\'s more, how in the hell is this \'joke\' racist in nature?',1
'free speech= the ability to speek freely on topics unless it puts someone in harms way. how is this not free speech? it was a joke. calm yourself',1
'alright, fine, it\'s cute',1
'if you have not paid into social security you do not receive social security.......it\'s called welfare when you retire if you have paid nothing into the system.....you are only entitled to get back from ss what you pay into ss during your years of employment......',1
'thats the best you can do......? idiot !!!!',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'if we can just somehow get a white man back in the white house where he belongs, these issues will go away',1
'ok, let\'s take this down to it\'s simplest level so maybe you can understand the problem.  how about i get up an make a joke about your wife, comparing her to an animal?  how would you react?  until this nation replaces all the prevailing hatred and gets some sense of respect for people with opposing ideas, we as a country are doomed.',1
'and hopefully trickle down to postage rates,college tuition and movie tickets, too.',1
'the difference is...no one is allergic to an imaginary being',1
'lindsay lohan sure does have some nerve.. she\'s gotten let off easy so many times it\'s ridiculous. she needs to worry about her own offenses and fixing her life and not worry about anyone else\'s let he who is without sin cast the first stone.. in any case at this point i feel bad for amanda bynes who\'s probably having a mental breakdown and hopefully gets past it unlike lindsay who\'s whole life is a mental break down. get your **** together before you end up killing yourself or worse someone else',1
'there is a "real" levitating bed on the market.  but it costs like tens of thousands of dollars.  but it actually looks decent, unlike this one, did the guy get the directions out of the back of a comic book?',1
'my goodness, everyone seems to be commenting on the racist side of the joke, even tho it\'s done in poor taste. but, no one seems to take issue with the joke of two educated, devoted mothers, that stand by their man. these are woman that stand for all that\'s good in this country, and their degraded by someone who is obviously lacking an education to even understand what i have stated here! proof that riding a bull, or any animal that can toss you on your head, eventually catches up with you!',1
'you are the one that is stupid and i hope that you are fired and have to live on kool aid from the black **** .',1
'if the media had been honest about what clowns the obamas really are several of the jokes wouldn\'t be so realistic, but they all really fit the tribe!  not funny?  nothing these people have done is funny!',1
'yup that\'s right. everyone on the east coast acts like the cast from jersey shore.',1
'of course he would write that crap on his way out.  did he ever think about  expressing those thoughts of his to his co-workers in person?  of course not,  because he might have been decked!  cowards hide behind computors.',1
'truth hurts eh folks.',1
'noobama: i agree......why don\'t you try dissin rap music.............*y  ​ ikes*',1
'except that that those who make the equivalent of your 60 guilders a month, not only pay no federal income tax, but often receive enough ietc to offset their fica tax.',1
'rednecks destroy pimps and hoes before breakfast just to work up an appetite! who are you ****tin?!',1
'and, just exactly did you accomplish with your farewell messages ??  nothing, except some self serving "venting".. forget about blowing gas  -- just go away and move on.',1
'don\'t feed the troll.',1
'remember: you should lose your loose woman. :)',1
'why turn nature beauty and involve politics?  too bad!',1
'fire the clown as his jokes are not funny. we as a people must lock out those who work hard to make our society worst pitting people against each other using race, gender, politics, religion etc .... as wedges or walls. i love first lady mitchell and ann too.',1
'smells like your mama or palins tard tunnel.',1
'da',1
'yes but  the guy could have put money in it then turned on the camera.',1
'racist or not, it\'s not funny, and it\'s certainly inappropriate.  if this is the first time he\'s told an inappropriate joke, have a little chat with the guy and tell him to be careful.  if this is, or becomes, a habit, then consider dismissing the guy.',1
'=) thanks - hope you\'re having a good monday.',1
'lucy would say " f*ck you cleopatra.....u stupid ****',1
'investing is great concept, however, you can pour endless amounts of money into retirement savings but who\'s to say that money will be there when you\'re ready to retire?  investments are only as good as the company you invest in.  here today, gone tomorrow, then what are you left with?  little to no investment and the debt you neglected while trying to invest.',1
'just because you work in a male dominated workplace, doesn\'t give them the right to treat you like an indentured servant.  i work with all men (there is one other girl there) and they all treat me with respect.  and these are all older men that came from the generation when women stayed at home and had babies.  they never act like i\'m not capable of driving an f350 truck across the state.  these younger men think they can treat a woman badly and she\'ll just take it.  mbi\'s letter would have been great and what her ex boss deserved.  not to mention the lawsuits that she was unwilling to file.',1
'i recommend you a very good 50+ dating place~~~【over50luv】~  ​ ~~ it\'s only for 50+ senior singles, baby boomers or retired people to find love, companionship and much more.',0
'i think a princess should never be topless. if she wants respect, she should never put herself in compromising situations like this. it\'s terrible to agrue afterwards that people should not watch the photos. everybody wants to out of curiosity. she should avoid this even when private. it is terrible for her husband and the royal family.men who see nude pictures seldom offer respect and this is a choice a woman can make. they will remember this incident forever even for a queeen to be! terrible.',1
'heard it differently...a conservative, a liberal and a moderate walk into a bar, bartender looks up and says "hello mitt."',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'lmao, hearing worries about inflation. for inflation to actually occur money must make it to the 99%ers...ain\'t happening. the only thing inflating is the ponzi scheme stock market. just think when the money the fed doesn\'t have is pulled back from the market the mother of all bubbles is going the explode!!!! my prediction 50% drop in dow over 90 days soon as israel attacks iran. israel must attack before the election to make obama show his hand. one answer... trailing stops baby!!',1
'and i bet you are a left leaning liberal with no one to hug except your same sex partner...',1
'weird. i went to a rodeo in 2009 and the clown had made a black joke about obama. i wonder if this is the same guy.',1
'we\'re all going to hell, but you are obviously judging every one, you talk badly about white men in the white house, and then you want to try and say god bless america? you\'re not very good at spreading god\'s word are you? you know you\'re a sinner just like everyone else, so let god judge us. it\'s not your job',1
'unt...i agree with you...we need suckers to pay for useless stuff like soc sec and entitlement programs ...bs wars...public pensions...stadiums.  ​ ..mexican health care...',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'@chris (chris pa) - the same way you can fire a democratic president. vote him out.     however, i find this joke to be in extremely bad taste, and very disrepectful of the president and the us.',1
'why is this even a debate?',1
'oh, i understand now.  bill clinton held a gun to banker\'s heads personally and told them they either approve bad loans or they get no cookies.  they hold no responsibility for greedily gobbling up commissions the government didn\'t offer simply because they knew that the bad loans they were approving weren\'t tied to their personal bank account.  that makes so much sense.  i think you understand the issue about 50% as much as you believe you do.     btw, bill clinton played his role... its your choice of phrase and working with "direct cause of bill clinton forcing, yadayada" which is a historical fantasy with a slight bit of truth in what you were getting at...  but a complete misundertanding of market cause and effect.  bill clinton couldn\'t "directly cause" anything in the market unless he went and personally told ever loan officer they had no choice but to push loans through.    that is the reality of it.  whether you want to place blame on this guy or that guy, at no time during that **** fest of the 90s was anyone forced to push bad loans through.  anyone who tells you otherwise wasn\'t working in the industry a',1
'i don\'t smoke it but i used to. i see nothing wrong with legalizing it as long as it\'s regulated like anything else. it would save us tons of money by keeping people out of jail for smoking. it will create jobs (growers and stores that sell it). just have the same laws as alcohol. no smoking and driving, no underage smoking or underage selling. i don\'t see any problem with it, it\'s definitely not as bad for you as other things and it\'s been proven to help people with medical issues. all and all it seems like it\'s the right thing to do to me. to me, if you want to smoke, it\'s better than drinking or doing other drugs.',1
'beef allergies are far less common and less severe than nut allergies.  not a good analogy.',1
'and what you can teach manners to uneducated black trash.',1
'no!!!! shut the f*** up lilo or whatever your idiot followers call you! go away and take your drunk friend amanda with you--please.  you\'ve gotten away with an awful lot there, princess.  so-shut up-keep your mouth closed and go away--far,far, away,-- and take your gawd awful mother and father(i use the terms loosely) with you. you all stinkl!!!! and you look awful too--just thought you should know.',1
'if you are over 50 and single, come to the best dating site for 50 plus people only ___o_v_e_r_50_l_u_v_  ​ __ . most members there are successful and well educated. browser thousands of verified profiles with photos and get connect at once.',0
'thinning of herd....idiots thinking they\'re invincible, with no regard for anyone else\'s life.',1
'just amazed about the blantant racism in america.  hell people are still complaining about the birth certificate.  relax 50 days left, do what you were complaining about doing and just vote him out if you can.     time heals all stupidity.  relax.',1
'anaphylaxis is an acute, potentially life-threatening syndrome, with multisystemic manifestations resulting from the rapid release of inflammatory mediators. in children, foods can be a very significant trigger for immunoglobulin e (ige)-mediated anaphylaxis. milk, eggs, wheat, and soy (mews) as a group are the most common food allergens; however, peanuts and fish are among the most potent. in fact, children can develop anaphylaxis from the fumes of cooking fish or residual peanut in a candy bar.',1
'what a massively lame group of "talant". who the eff listens to this junk?',1
'skeefoo, you are truley a bigot idiot! but then again it was a clown just like yourself, both your moms should be proud!!',1
'nancy pelosi, the disgusting windbag, is unfortunately correct.  the same fools who voted for obama 4 years ago, a man with no record of accomplishment--at all--will all vote for him again.  i mean, whatever it was that made them vote for him last time, they will not be daunted by tripling the national debt and not solving any of the social/economic problems of the country.  i guess last time they voted for him to prove they weren\'t racist, this time they\'ll vote for him proving that they\'re stupid.  by the way, just what did he do to earn the nobel prize before he even became president?  can anybody answer that one?',1
'he\'s a clown by name and actions.',1
'another case of those with special needs being looked out for more than those with basic needs!',1
'what happens when you can\'t create a peanut free world? these kids should not go to museums, zoos, art galleries,parks so as to avoid peanut residue? no they must learn to live in the real world. its not mean its just a fact of life for them. lots of allegies exist people learn to work around them or live in a bubble.',1
'just plain ignorant.',1
'do you know them personally that they are decent and intelligent...all their influences have been radicals, socialistscommunists  ​ , tax cheats, liars.....yes, so honorable !',1
'we get it... it is serious but why should everyone else bend to you and your child\'s needs.  why is there such a wide swath of our child population suffering from severe food allergies?  when i grew up i never knew even one kid who was affected by a nut allergy.  there is a root cause and in my opinion the root cause is you and your genetics and or your use of fertility drugs.  get over yourself and be realistic about what you demand from society and realize that life is filled with tough breaks.',1
'i am not certain why the headline is valid. ford has used sync from microsoft for several years. true, infinity and perhaps most of nissan were solely for apple for some reason, perhaps having made a huge contractual mistake with them. but they are now including connections that work for all devices. as for bluetooth, this is generally available and has been for several years either through audio or as a standalone piece that works as a less than ideal setup. from my perspective, apple is and will continue to become more and more meaningless as more get into the market. the shame is that ford sync is very unfortunately not 100% compatible with all other devices because microsoft continues to ramrod zune forward. however, for at least some bluetooth we even have readable text messages through the connection, and with ford sync if you have a windows phone from 2011 and on you can respond to text via voice through the system. i am a believer that apple is a loser in the automotive arena, and that you must be an apple user or have some other relationship with apple. they do not dominate in any way the audio market for vehicles. to say so is to make this article largely incorrect.',1
'yes',1
'i see by the thumbs down that some people are too stupid to see sarcasm!    the allergy is real for and to us but i would never try and enforce a ban on someone else! i take responsibility for my self and try never to get myself in a life threatening situation even if i have to go without something.    all these bans and government intrusions are whats killing this country and will bring us to war within!',1
'what this study shows is that too big to fail was actually too big to succeed.',1
'my best friend has just announced her wedding with a rich  man.they met via  .♥.richbachelor.♥ .a nice place to meet mature successful men & classy sophisticated women...if u are a single mature woman and  want to marry this kind of older successful man to make your life more adventurous.it’s worth a try. bing it.',0
'twin sisters of different mothers.',1
'well, we may finally get some needed rain over the next two days!     does any one ever see my posts?  i know they are kind of boring.........',1
'the same way you can fire a democratic president. vote him out.',1
'right on , greg.  good advice.',1
'moon: i don\'t know where all these "gimmie" obama democrats think money comes from.   it must be their leftest propaganda union teachers teaching them math.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'well said.  i would want to know you, even if you are a republican.',1
'gobledeegoop\'s attitude is spot on...   if you are helping someone else out it should not be with the expectation of getting help, or thanks in return. a true good samaritan would be happy with the knowledge that they have been of service to their fellow man/woman.   to expect the favor to be retuned will likely end up causing bitterness when it doesn’t happen, as there seem to be too few that will actually take the time to help others in this “i’m too busy” society we live in today, but we can always hope that that the kindness of a few will spread to “infect" the rest of society with this “affliction”',1
'you socialist homo\'s are funny. read your replies, you are proving everything i said to be true and you are too stupid to know it. you don\'t vote, that is why romney will win..lmao',1
'where and when do they learn? again no park, zoo or museum as you can\'t control it?',1
'hasn\'t mattered in the past... clinton was a draft dodger!!',1
'will you pay more for your shoes, electronics, and just plain stuff?  those in the 1970-1990s weren\'t willing to pay more.  why do you think that jobs were sent to china?  profits and cheap stuff!',1
'politics is not bean bags. if the politicians didn\'t use their spouses to garner votes, these same spouses would never be in the line of fire. and if the politician(s) didn\'t constantly play upon his race to get ahead of his opponent, jokes like these would not emerge. nonetheless, the joke was inappropriate. if his employer was surprised by the joke, than yes, he should be fired. if it was cleared with the boss ahead of time, then no. bad taste is rarely grounds for dismissal. but we should all ponder that freedom of speech is paramount to this society.',1
'i\'ve learned over the years those that point fingers are generally the ones doing what they are pointing about in private. btw, there are republicans of different races, so are you saying that even black republicans feel they way you do? and the way you claim republicans do? i doubt it, please stop the hate because this is getting tiring.',1
'"its a crappy ride"    having driven my parents\' 3rd-gen prius, i would disagree with this.  the prius\'s suspension setup is old-school grandmother\'s buick.  the handling is terrible, but the ride is perfectly smooth.  the car totally isolates you from any imperfections in the road.  it has no real road feel so it gives a sensation of captaining a land-yacht more than driving a car.    definitely not a car i would like, but i can see why my parents like it and i can see why my wife likes it as well.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.               ',0
'it\'s not a stigma it\'s common sense. if they don\'t want to be exposed they need to be away from the possibility. their feelings aren\'t the issue, their safety is. you wouldn\'t let a small kid drive a car, even if his feelings were hurt by telling him no. and yes, they are different, because they have a severe allergy. they shouldn\'t expect the world to mollycoddle and look out for them, if they do they\'ll just end up dead. the vast majority shouldn\'t have to suffer right along with a sick few.',1
'banks often don\'t like playing along with the harp programs, which don\'t have enough teeth in them anyway. banks should be made to be less restrictive & think outside of the box when considering each case. many turned-down refinances would have improved the borrower\'s financial picture and substantially reduced risk of default for the bank- but they don\'t do them anyway.   keep in mind most of these banks are also sitting on record billions, after having been bailed out by our tax dollars, but give little back to helping legitimate victims of their own past scams and corrupt mortgage practices, or to helping our economy and real estate market recover. they\'re not friends of the people, to be sure, they only use them.',1
'cyberbullies are just stupid, like most bullies.  this woman is hardly the ugliest in the world.  making fun of something a person cannot change just demonstrates the rampant insecurity of the bully.',1
'as usual, nobody answers the question.',1
'no, people on my friends list are my friends.  i pretty much know what to expect.  this must be for people that have thousands of "friends" they barely know.',1
'our school has a special table for all the kids that bring peanut products. they eat together and not with the kids that has allergies. they can eat, talk and not worry about the kid sitting next to them.',1
'i agree 100% with your statement that "there has to be a better way....etc.".       it\'s a shame that research isn\'t being funded to come up with an explanation as to why these serious allergies are occurring and what can be done to reduce the number and severity of them.  we also need to develop medication to protect, in advance to exposure, those who are currently suffering severe, life-threatening allergies.  i would love to have had the chance to be in on that type of research.     retired tx rn',1
'i hope so, it was a fickle thing and takes two  to bring a relationship to this point anyway.  good luck to to very lovely young people.',1
'when you say clown you mean a republican from the mitt team. punk a$$ repubs',1
'yes, both clowns, the "joker" and the clown in the oval office.',1
'cell phones free? give me a break. if we bought them for a fair price we would more than save the difference in fees.       some people\'s kids should be charged double or triple. it is not the children\'s fault its the parents. why would you think it is ok for them to run circles around other people tables, kick the back of their booth, scream and/or cry? i was once with a couple who whipped out the diapers and changed their kid on the freakin table. sheesh.       any time someone gets something for \'free\' the rest of us pay for it. don\'t even get me started on \'free\' government services. i imagine some \'free\' government services cost the taxpayers (or their children, grandchildren, etc) 5 or 10 times more than it would have cost to buy at fair market value.',1
'a breath of frest air. these dumb azz rednecks don\'t even know why the south, and they in turn, are republicans, which entails voting against their own self interest. hint, look up lbj, and the 1964 civil rights act.',1
'if this goes through, i\'m going to move to colorado & sell chips ahoy and tasty kakes......',1
'hey groovey? how about getting a job? and maybe the kids too? want more? get to work?',1
'wow. and most of the people commenting on this issue call themselves christian. not very christ like behavior however, i will be christ like and forgive all of you racist and bigots on this sight. because no matter what your political views are the hate speech and hate mongoring is very unnecessary. may god have mercy on all of us. i keep hearing white christian this and protestant that. but i\'ve yet to see one christian comment on here. wake up america. unbelieavable.',1
'wow, it saddens me to see this story.  i can\'t believe wal-mart would put her through all this.  she was humiliated and embarrased my their actions.  they defamed her character in front of all those people.  i too think that though $74,000 is a lot of money, she deserves a lot for what they did.  they should also be made to make a public apology to her.  all those people were told falsehoods and that needs to be corrected.   wal-mart should also be made to have training in proper handling of situations like this.  i have worked in retail and we are told to use hushed voices and to take the customer aside if there are any questions like this.',1
'i don\'t think yours is the income braket he thinks should pay more.',1
'love #15 looks like my furry buddy, thinks he owns the joint :)peace.love',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'thumbs up romney/ryan 2012          thumbs down obama/biden 2012             ',1
'health care will not be free...you will be charged with a crime if you do not purchase it .   where does it say that health care would be free. the program is designed for all to have health care.and because it is forced it would be more expensive than the free market we have now',1
'good one....hahahaha',1
'"i don\'t know anybody who lost more than 10% even at the worst of the financial mess." well someone, you must not know a lot of people or the people you do know weren\'t invested in stocks. losing 30% to 50% was very common when the market last tanked. i lost 40% myself. if you had stayed invested you would probably made most if not all of that up by now but that is another story.',1
'i\'m glad i\'ve raised my kids... i\'m ready to leave this country, i\'m so tired of this sort of crap.  seriously, i\'ve been an employed, wage earning, voting member of this society for over 40 years, and the folks in charge now, this generation, has just ruined the country i grew up in.  i\'m exhausted, and already looked into my passport.  britian is my first stop.  i\'m saving my money, i downsized so i could, and i\'m looking into working in my field over there.  i\'m just so tired of this, and believe it or not, so are two of my three children.  they are ready to go also.  one refuses to vote it has become so bad.',1
'the morning adventure of my dog mutt romney     this morning mutt and i were gardening in the back yard.  mutt saw me planting and he decided to bury his favorite ball. doesn\'t mutt know that no matter how hard he tries, we will never see him grow any more balls?  stupid dog.',0
'noobama, my man-aise rubbed off on your wife\'s face!',1
'i find mitt romney funny. i cannot wait to see his face when he loses the election.',1
'yes i do. for one thing, even if you have severe peanut allergies, a pb&j is safe, unless you eat it or some bully rubs it on your face. and, if some bully does that, it\'s the schools\' responsibility to call the police/parents/expel  ​  the kid, whatever.     i\'m sure kids had peanut allergies back in the 80\'s and early 90\'s when i was k-12. yet, no one ever got sick or died at any of the schools i attended. and no food items were banned, ever. consider this as well: peanut butter is an excellent source of inexpensive kid friendly protein. not all parents can afford roast beef or turkey sandwiches (or sushi, or tofu) for their kids every day.',1
'rt, you are 100% correct!',1
'so sad , that people feel this way .... which is why americans and europeans are being shot  and killed on sight in all  over the world  ... because as nations , america, and europe and their citizens  are arrogant , hypocrytical, and disrespectful of any and everyone else... .it is one thing to disagree, but it is another to disrepect the office of the president ....whether you voted for him or not.  face it president obama was elected by the majority, and more than likely will be elected again.... honestly... he did not cheat his way into the white house ....he was elected fair and square ....... so get a grip... respect the deomocratic process of our nation and the man that is sworn to protect and enforce it.  the real issue here is that the people who are disrespecting him and his wife are mostly white people who cannot stand the thought that a black man can lead this nation effectivley to back form the brink of disaster to prosperity, and will more than likely do a better job that the last three white presidents ( not counting bill clinton)',1
'we buy the annual pass and drive to skyline drive numerous times throughout the year!  the fall colors are really gorgeous!  and there\'s so much wildlife to see.  we hardly every make the trip without seeing lots of deer and even bears!!',1
'"ensuing" has been a word for quite a while. even in this era of spell check journalists are pure idiot\'s. my god, whatever did they do to spell words correctly in the "old days" ???',1
'mrs,obama has a choice either demand to get paid the same amount or tell the clown to go to hell.',1
'msn, why do you feel the need to make an insensitive brain injury joke, while (rightfully) ridiculing someone for making a racist joke?  couldn\'t take the high road?  had to be offensive yourself?  needed to get in on the action?  if you don\'t see that what you did is any different than what he did, you might need sensitivity training yourself.  i am a brain injured comic and find your writing quite offensive.',1
'guess they\'re just not as smart as you, freddy....(said no one, ever)',1
'we have a clown running the united states',1
'blanket monster. all sizes of dogs. i have 5.',1
'imagine if someone in america was that fat. they\'d be damn skinny.',1
'i think it would be great if they were to get back together.  nobody is perfect and everyone can make a mistake.  i have been married to the love of my life for 31 years and we had a similar breakup (his fault, not mine) and we took  time apart and then ended up getting married.  we have 2 wonderful sons and he is the best thing that ever happened to me.      i hope everything works out for them as it  really does seem that kristen is totally in love with robert.  it is just a matter of whether he can forgive her and move on to the next chapter of their lives together.  good luck to them both!',1
'i know the difference between actual harassment and boys being boys too.  i\'m sure that mbi does as well.       the job i got fired from was because i was having a breakdown and everyone was having to work overtime and my psych wrote me a note getting me out of it because it was stressing me out so much.  we were trying to learn a new system and then having to go back to the old system to work after class.  and then i was on fmla and i could leave work if i had to.  people were jealous that i was getting out of work and no one believed me when i said i had no ambition to move up in the company.  before they changed things up i was very happy with my job.  but the meds i was taking made me sleepy and someone narc\'ed me out for dozing in a meeting.  i admit that was wrong, but they knew that i was sick and they didn\'t care.  that\'s why they had a nice little call from the eoc when i found out they lied to the workforce commission and said they didn\'t know i was sick.',1
'kwtys- you dont think this guy is moronic?? he looked like a complete idiot',1
'the liberal pools only poll the liberal . are you in for a suprise come 50 days.',1
'who pays with money????',1
'bull. you don\'t pay your debts you loose. period. everyone is to blame except the idiot who bought more than they could afford. tired of that bs.',1
'i believe the clown was referring to national geographic and how they publish pics of africans running about topless in their native garb.   i would think that the obamas would be proud of their african heritage as they constantly tout kenya as baracks mother land.   but really, the obamas totally lack class and are in waaaaay over their heads! this whole presidency will prove to be the biggest most embarassing scam this country has ever dealt with!   why can the libs make filthy classless comments about republican women on national tv and get a pass?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'oh and yes i had been followed for like 9 miles through hoods and over dales and took a right turn  in my lifted jeep and didn\'t hug the curb to the cops  satisfaction he tried the license it was good the insurance good too then steps up and tells me is bogus reason i went to court and called him out and guess what  no show  at next hearing  and thrown out     but if i had not or accepted his view 150.00 for not hugging the curb',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'just curious but how do those +time and -time buttons work is it by the minute or is it like every 5 mins or so??? if it is every minute is it possible that this guy added more time as he was getting the ticket and then started filming? it is even possible it is every 10 minutes and 4 minutes ticked down before he showed us the time. not taking sides here but if thats possible i think the judge might have second thoughts about ripping it up. but if thats not the case then fire this guy who barley sounds like he speaks english?? how is he a police officer?',1
'what a douchebag',1
'you want to talk about the race card. lets go at it.  from day one of the primaries that is all that republican menagerie of characters who called themselves candidates for presidents did.  they wanted to fire janitors and put our kids to work in their places, they wanted electrified fences for illegal\'s, they called us crack heads, uneducated and then some.  they have even condoned people who paint their faces black and mark the president.  a white congressman did this.  and now they are trying to take the vote.  but guess what, we are not uneducated, our gpa grades are and those of the illegal\'s are higher than most whites and that is what they are afraid of.  america was built by immigrants.      if you don\'t see the racist, then one or two things are wrong with you, 1) your head is buried in the sand or 2) you\'re already on the moon colony that newt wanted to build.',1
'i could only see the first one! :(',1
'catholic priests and the whole religious hierarchy are pedophiles, liars and criminals.',1
'white racist drunken fool. i\'m surprised you could get your hands off the bottle to type that crap.',1
'@rt,   it doesn\'t appear you\'re doing too well in the ratings...',1
'holy crap!  are we really to a point that only the strong are allowed an education?  if you\'re weak, then you must stay home and away from society.  i never realized that having peanut butter was so important.  seems to me that kids are much more likely to have the compassion and caring necessary to avoid killing someone if their parents could teach it.  but nope, i\'m sure you would love to give them the idea.  you do realize that knowingly attacking someone with a substance that they are allergic to is assault at best and murder at worst?',1
'funny',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'number 4 - so like a cat!  so adorable!',1
'it\'s people like you that divide it.  keep that in mind when somebody decides they don\'t like what you say.',1
'you just a fackin genius boy',1
'it is a shame we as americans have no respect for leaders.  americans abuse their rights.  what is first thing out of thy mouth ?     freedom of expression, freedom of speech !     that line is only an excuse.     home owner yelled at dog owner for allowing animal to **** on his property, the dog owner yelled, "it is a free country."    ',1
'punched that cashier square in the face...then sued...',1
'florida.  it\'s always florida.',1
'who would run the school if you banned all the nuts? sound like nuts run it, banning nuts is fine if the lunch is served by the school, but not for a person who brings thier own personal lunch.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'very touching, and sweet video.  those gorrillas a wonderful creatures.  now what the heck is wrong with the parents of this child?  those are wild gorillas that at any time could have snapped for any reason and ripped that kids arms or head off! that was russian roullete with a 16 month old girl that relies on her parents to keep her out of harms way.  what a moron, who must care more for those gorillas than his own child.  no intelligent person, that cares for their child even just a little bit, would put their child in a cage with gorillas.  michael jackson was a better father!',1
'you are a racist moron',1
'why anybody worry about what a rodeo clown have to say. he is probably a trailer trash, raised by alcoholics parents, married to his first cousin with no teeth. freedom of speech lol!!!!!!!',1
'totally!',1
'playing fetch and going for runs, though not good for conversation they are the best runing partners ive ever had',1
'i would like to try a donut burger, not necessarilly this one. it\'s one of those things you have to have at least once, just for the sheer novelty of it. and as long as you eat healthily the rest of the time, it isn\'t going to hurt you.',1
'looks to me like you killed your whole damn family!',1
'in what place are these people think from? banning pp&j  sandwitch over peanuts come on what next  ban what ever they would think that could harm you. just plain dumb,',1
'forgot about the great river byway again',1
'interest should still be deductable as a business expense, i was only speaking about owner occupied homes.',1
'no wonder kids today are dumber than a box of rocks.the schools are to busy with stupid crap such as this story,how the kids are dressed or other things rather than doing their job which is teach the kids.',1
'well if they are looking for a new clown. there are plenty in washington!',1
'heath care costs can rob you of much of your wealth.',1
'even if the return is 0% you had better be saving  for your future. i have a feeling that when this debt generation reaches retirement age the parks are going to be full of these looser living in cardboard boxes',1
'i think the remark was equally insulting to mrs. romney.  hey people, leave the wives out of your pettiness.',1
'if you want life lessons from a slut.',1
'ms. romeny is too old to pose nude.. with her botox looking self.',1
'we shall see nig-er',1
'nope i am made by god, not evolved from obamas.     o, and i would love to see you "college degrees" to.',1
'agree, anyonecanbeahero.  my kids school (in pa) does not allow food to be brought in for birthdays, holiday parties, etc.  now this year they are going a step further.  the kids have to pick a piece of fruit or veggie with their school lunches.  even if they don\'t eat it.  so my kids have to, say, take an orange.  if they don\'t eat it, like you said, it gets thrown away.  wasteful!   and another thing you said...thanks, mrs. obama.  more on point, my kids school does serve pb&j but has a special table set aside for kids with nut allergies. i think this is a good compromise.',1
'lawyers are the issue.',1
'where the hell is this 75k of damages coming from',1
'noobama,    must be nice having white skin. no one said to white people, back in the day when black people were equally qualified for a job, that they were giving the job to whitey. ask your white ancestors if they hated that  they received a job that a more qualified black should have received. won\'t hear that from a whitey!!!!!!!!',1
'and one more thing:  "minority report" but not "equillibrium", released the same year and an instant classic?  really?',1
'"i\'m old and legalizing cannabis scares me" -roland',1
'i agree, however the cameras on the new phones are panaramic and 10x better than for say a 500 dollar camera. think you are overlooking techonology a tad sorry.',1
'moochelle really is a bit mannish.  but even i don\'t think she\'s really fit for national geographic.',1
'exactly!!!  talk about a bubble busting.',1
'your calling michelle a racist.?...you sit here calling everyone a "nig-er" but your calling the obama\'s racist ?...you dont see the hipocracy in that...     moron !     thats exactly why your not getting in the white house..even fox news polss show mitt far behind now..     go crawl back under your white sheet and **** to pictures of hitler or something...',1
'dey waz messed up mo dan he waz.',1
'thomas - what does tax go on?  lets take defence/police for one example - if we only had poor people we wouldn\'t need as  much defence (or police) as we would have nothing that anyone wanted to steal.  defence and police are required more for people who have more stuff/land/resources  ​ , so why do you think it is fair that the poor pay the same percentage for those services?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'@akita - agreed. and yes, disrespectful to both michele & ann.',1
'sadly, i caught my wife in bed with my brother........and father ! .................at the same time !!!!!   it hurt so much. i\'m serial. if only there were some date sites i could visit to show her that two can play at that game!  well, now there is !   join us at allinthefamily-dot-o  ​ rg.............and the org doesn\'t stand for organization.....if you know what i mean.........i\'m serial.   don\'t you just love these cool ads ?',0
'i was not one of those people who said anything of the sort about george w. bush. i did not always agree with him politically but i wasn\'t ignorant enough to think he didn\'t care about america or ignorant enough to think that a man who could rise to become our president is in any way scum. i also know that ignorance cannot be fought with hatred. i am okay with people who disagree with me, but i have a problem with the disrespect and venom i\'m seeing here and in your posts.',1
'it\'s not a collar it\'s just a stripe of lightly colored fur but aside from that you are likely correct. there were far too many people around to suspect a wild bear would have her cub anywhere near that area.',1
'free speech movie moron, you only speak for yourself',1
'why would you say something like that, people like you zebra, bunch of ****s.',1
'oh yeah !!!!',1
'from what i can see here, many of the helmets are worn improperly.  they are too loose, exposing the forehead, which won\'t provide the protection needed in the event of an impact.  she may have good intentions, but it\'s not \'good enough\' to just have helmets on their heads.  also, mom needs to install a mirror so that she can see what\'s going on behind her, i.e, "mary" riding inappropriately in 2 instances.   she should be ticketed for \'failure\' to better protect her family.',1
'i am a white woman. shut your ignorant mouth. thanks.',1
'ytrytrytry',0
'cleo       what(specifically) was racist about the clown comments?',1
'no !   the people who thinks it,s racist are really the one,s who are !!!   grow ujp worl get off the race card thing !  really !',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i know i\'ll sue the crap out of them if a child of mine had a severe allergic reaction at a place that\'s "peanut-free", thanks for asking.',1
'i\'m happy for them.  i think they will have a stronger relationship now',1
'he is asking people to vote not telling people who to vote for, there is a difference.  he his trying to shake people up and clearly he did ha! romney is getting conservative pastors across the country to campaign for him. should these pastors give up their tax exempt status also.',1
'i want one for my bedroom,but with colors.',1
'freaks are so sensitive! give me a break! i am sure the kids loved it and had fun with it.',1
'come on.... he was just clowning around',1
'kids are cruel as it is, if they are separated then the teasing and bullying begins. separation is not the answer.',1
'i don\'t understand how this is a racist joke.  indeed, it is kind of a weak and lame joke, but not racist.  the reference is the national geographic magazine right?  well, in all fairness, if you want to see some *itties of color in a magazine that is not tucked away behind a counter and wrapped in a brown bag, but is considered respectable where do you go?  i rest my case....ya\'ll need to lighten up and stop saying everything about black folks that may be derogatory or make them the butt of a joke as racist.  i wonder if folks would be upset if somebody at the apollo or on bet said this.  when we all can laugh at ourselves and each other then and only then are we on the way to being equal and not this fake *ss equality.  by the way, i am a black woman who dates a white man who confessed to checking out this magazine as a boy, until he was old enough to buy playa magazine.  come on folks the *hit is funny!!!!!!  lighten up already.....',1
'remember they took money out of ss to fight these dumb wars, it cost a billion dollars a day to keep them going. and the prime minister of israel want to start another ,  since they caused a lot of problem for us , let them solve there own problem that have been going on  for years we done need this, we got enough of our own. regards',1
'we all do, what we have to do, in this world, not a big deal.',1
'do you really think republicans had this guy make a film like that?  the guy who did it had his own agenda.  he even fooled the actors in the movie.  it was his sick idea and no one else.  not all white people are as you say are "red-necked fans".  it sounds like you have extreme hate for white people.  doesn\'t that sound "racist" to you?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'this world will end if romney is voted in. if he wins by the grace of all thats evil then i will be the first to go back to church as he has to be the anti christ',1
'ooh u must ba racist yourself well you need to get used to another 4yrs of obama',1
'bc, very well said. i think if our administration had the balls to do even just one of those things, it would show these terrorists we mean bussiness. we cannot keep tiptoeing on glass and saying sorry everytime someone offends one of these people. they need to know there will be repercussions for their actions. like death. period.    again, very well said and thanks for this conversation.',1
'he\'s an idiot..so what take it from the source....we all have to realize there are still a lot of prejudiced people out there..they are not all smart enough to keep their mouths shut..',1
'it would seem appropriate that the person who sent the child home and the person ultimately responsible for denying the childs food....should have faced a hearing by the dept. o children and families.....there is no excuse....                                                       yupp that would be the parents who are "ultimately" responsible. fine & jail time is a good lesson and remanding the child to the state for care will be best .',1
'did anyone read the article? the one i read doesn\'t say the obama\'s or the white house are the complainers. it says "the rodeo..." and a rodeo board member commenting about the namesake of the classic didn\'t think it was funny.',1
'there is the potential of this ban causing resentment towards the kids with allergies to the point of some kid or kids holding them down and shoving peanut butter in their mouths, or smearing it in their lockers or wherever. if the allergies are that deadly, the kids shouldn\'t be in a public school. it\'s ridiculous to penalize the majority for the weaknesses of a very few.',1
'i completely understand the ban.  children have the tendency to want share or trade lunches and the schools probably have a hard time monitoring if a child gives a pb & j sandwich or other peanut related products to another child unknowingly with a peanut food allergy.  let\'s also keep in mind that we develop allergies and different times in our lives.  maybe in the 2nd grade you didn\'t have a allergic reaction to peanuts, but now in the 5th grade, the same child that innocently took half of a pb & j sandwich suddenly has a surprisingly allergic reaction.  parents who are you going to blame?  the school for allowing a parent to pack a lunch knowing that the school has a ban on peanut products.  bottom line, there are rules in place for a reason and as ridiculous as they may seem, they are in place to protect everyone involved.',1
'while i don\'t agree with a school wide nut band, there is no reason not to protect a child with severe allergies, especially a young child. perhaps a dedicated table for those with allergies (peanut, egg, milk, etc...) to limit the chances of exposure? perhaps all of the kids should be asked to wash their hands after eating? i\'m sure there are plenty of alternatives. certainly, the school should have a few epi-pens available in the event of an emergency.   by the way, my son is allergic to peanuts and eggs. he also has fpies which further limits what he can eat.',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【 nudistpartner 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'no matter your pokitical preferences, respect  goes both ways. it is mandatory!!!',1
'you are a very overly sensitive wimp why don\'t you shut your pie hole while your ahead punk you are so worried about sun spots worry about how to pull your head out of your azz  oh yea buttt butt butt',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'got to say, this is very accurate in my numerous dealings with both sides of the aisle.   now , if "we the people" could just unite against both parties and add common sense into the mix we may have a chance to take ameriica back and return to being a democratic republic as the founders intended, something we have not been for at least 100 years.   but, it won\'t be easy changeing our current capitalist - oligarchy form of government back especially when americans are far to self involved and nascar season is almost over and football has just started. we have played (and been played) right into this trap by our own lack of research and in todays age with every bit of information to sort the **** from either side right here at our fingertips there is no excuse to not call out those we have been forced to accept as "our leaders". pretty pathetic. oh and thumbs down can "f" off and die',1
'the morning adventure of my dog mutt romney       this morning mutt and i were gardening in the backyard.  mutt saw me planting and he decided to bury his favorite ball. doesn\'t mutt know that no matter how hard he tries, we will never see him grow any balls?  stupid dog.',0
'more working, less typing on your ipad sipping a mocha latte at starbucks crying about why you can\'t pay your bills because musicians and starving artists aren\'t appreciated.',1
'canada, oh yes, canada.   eh, how about that socialized healthcare system you have? working real good isn\'t it?  you can get an operation the next day or in a week? no?    ohhhh, you have to wait for 6 months to a year to get treatment.     in the us, we can still get immediate medical care and after january of 2013, things will be back to normal once barry & joe and his socialist friends leave.',1
'were all moving to colorado!!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'this whole thing is about equal sacrifice, not equal giving.  percentages don\'t lie.  regardless of how much or little money you make,  a percentage is the only way to compare what you are paying.  you can\'t say that just because you make a lot of money, you shouldn\'t have to make an equal sacrifice.  i have a friend who recently had to pay over $40,000 in taxes and he was all bent out of shape talking about "its not fair"  and "other peopel have no idea".  dude, that\'s  your fair share!!  you made a lot of money also.  and that whole "beer" story, we aint talkin" abaout beer here.  but  if we were, the guys who saved one dollar wouldn\'t have the issue.  its the rich guy who would be complaining that he still had to pay fortynine dollars.',1
'washington d.c. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man b.o.ob 2012 r & r          romney/ryan 2012 tell your friends',1
'you\'re comparing cocaine, heroin, meth, assault, rape, and murder to marijuana?! seriously? you have been severely misinformed.',1
'who give a rats behind what she says. what a stupid ******* *****!  i remember the 2006 meeting when her, that other cluelesss woman, barney frank, and the rest of the dimocrats listened to an expert warning that things were going to implode in the real estate/financial markets due to the greed and manipulation by banks and they basically ran him out of the room and said he didn\'t know what he was talking about. then, when things imploded, this ugly ******* ***** had the balls to say..."oh, this just snuck up on us...as if on little cat paws" if there\'s anyone i can\'t stand more than odumbo  it\'s  pelousy.  only the flower children in cali would vote for an idiot like her over and over again.  thanks cali, glad to see everything working out for you. my guess is there aren\'t too many 900 square foot house selling for $250k anymore.',1
'i wish they would\'ve taken my broccoli',1
'while its true that kmart, target, and walmart opened their first stores in 1962 -- it would have been nice if the author would have given credit for kresge and kmart being the first. this one great company was the first, and for a long time largest, player in the space. it was kmart that ultimately killed woolworth, tg&y, ben franklin, and all the others that were in the five and dime space -- particularly in the cities, where walmart would not venture.  as the kmart name fades (and the blue light dims), it should get one last tip of the hat for being first.',1
'fired? these days ya because everyone has their heads so far up the ****. here we go again. this would have been ok if he were a black man right ???? of course. wrong crowd for that joke, ya. in a club with just adults, ok. if you are a white person do not tell a joke of any other kind of person.',1
'yes. it is not "free speech" to tell "jokes" that your employer finds offensive.',1
'it\'s like dis and like dat............rap is crap.....ant dats dat...........oppppp  ​ pssss racist.........',1
'@ nap town...............s  ​ orry sir/ma\'am...........  ​ ..western histroy book will not work for me especially in regards of slavery....well some may help, but they were written by slaves.    that calling me ignorant shyt is old...........black people do know of what i speak of. i am good representation of the ones who are not compriomising with the oppressors.       yes the war was in the best intrests of whites only! lincoln as you might know......feared amerikkka would be split in 2 amerikkka\'s north & south.........you know this, right? the blkmen who faught on both sides is jacked up within itself! both sides? what? the slacves down south were fighting to stay enslaved?? gtfoh...........i would pick you apart on this subject and your lil followers!      ',1
'odd i didn\'t realize that a governor of massachusetts had that much opportunity to be incompetent in foreign affairs, at least not nearly as much as our current fearless leader.  let me see if i can recall some of his greatest and most recent accomplishments:  obama indicated that the world in general, and the arab nations in particular, would be in awe of his prestige and therefore think more highly of us\' because of his wonderful skill in relating to them -  result:  1). he mandated the removal of pro american governments and enabled the muslim brotherhood, an anti-american regime - breathtaking. this leads to my 2nd observation  2). his forceful leadership quelled the uprisings throughout the arab world (no problem there, just ask the ambassador and the 2 former seals) - brilliant  3).he brought the 2012 olymics to america just through his charisma (how was the weather in london ?) - outstanding ',1
'michelle obama is a large, mis-shapened, black woman with \'buff\' arms and a staff of 25 to make sure she is \'happy\'...of course, if you do pay taxes, your taxes are being paid to keep michelle up.  she may be nice.  she may be a good mother.  i don\'t know. but, what i do know is that she is very unattractive to me and many others...i think the $50 bucks was way too much.',1
'this child is in school to learn ....and today he learned that some school officials will do anything for a free lunch even at expense of someone elses hard working parents',1
'or how about $10 to your mother?',1
'silicone injections. not even real muscle. my forearms are bigger than his.',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                  ',0
'he owns two gas stations according to the source article.     apparently, oil runs through his blood....and his biceps.',1
'did you know that mitt romney biggest lie is laying blame on the president and accusing him of "apologizing" for u.s. values?   when and where did that ever happen?  romney needs to shut-up his pea-trap and think before he speaks his pea-brained thoughts to the public that are unsubstantiated.',0
'the only solution not tried by either party  is control spending.  it is the only path back to a healthy america',1
'good riddance to all shows that glorify law breakers.',1
'brand\'s take years and a considerable amount of money to establish and yet some companies place little value in the impact brand damaged buyers can have on their short and long term bottom line. i just blogged about how buyers become brand damaged at  and i plan to link your content as it does a great job of sharing the bottom line impact.    mark allen roberts',1
'its a bit odd, but reasonability depends on how many kids in the area have the allergy i guess.',1
'try reading the article',1
'people are fee to speak their minds... but they have to live with the consequences.',1
'mitt the twit,  has & will say anything he can to try to be elected & ryan wouldn\'t know the truth if it bit him on the lip.  how could u ever vote 4 people who r being called out as liars by their own political parties.',1
'so sad , that you  all believe this .... which is why americans and europeans are being shot  and killed on sight ... because as nations , america, and europe and their citizens  are arrogant , hypocrytical, and disrespectful of any and everyone else...    it is one thing to disagree, but it is another to disrepect the office of the president ....whether you voted for him or not....',1
'that\'s because your name says it all.  we know you and your lack of intellect.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'stupid joke. i bet playboy would give mo a lot more than $250,000. i\'d love to see her naked.',1
'dude! really not a mitt fan but obama has to go !! i want my 2008 vote back! and the look on bos face when he loses will be priceless hes so full of himself he thinks hes really going to win?????',1
'what\'s nuts is the kid\'s name.  why would you hyphenate a child\'s name?      stupid.',1
'you moron.most pedophiles are heterosexual white males that are married with families.being gay certainly does not make any one a pedophile. i am a former female corrections ofc. and have seen a lot of them pass through the jail doors.for any one to think that about some one just because they are gay is ignorant.people like you are part of the reason that this country is so damn intolerant and rascist.by the way...i am a white &native american female that is hetero,and married with kids.',1
'no.  on the other hand, go see obama 2016',1
'several held up signs showing obama as a witchdoctor in africa and as a monkey.  certainly you remember those, specific enough for you.',1
'can you elaborate what freedoms you will no longer have under obama??  haven\'t heard of any freedoms being revoked by this administration, enlighten me maybe i have been hiding under a rock and missed which freedoms we no longer enjoy..',1
'if you don\'t know that that was a horrible racist comment, then you are an idiot. i am so very tired of stupid people.',1
'if you go to this site you will get a virus',1
'his speech was not that bad at all.  the media is just upset because they know how likable clint is, and he was speaking for the republicans, something that liberal hollywood people do every day.  the media loves it when alec baldwin spews his stupid crap, but god forbid a conservative actor give a speech once.',1
'in 1995, the clinton administration changed to law governing gses’ mission — the community reinvestment act (cra) — to encourage more lending in poor neighborhoods     the clinton administration’s 1995 cra changes authorized gse’s to buy subprime mortgages, which it began to do in 1997. “subprime” means that the person receiving the loan has a poor credit record and/or very low income compared to the loan size.     if the gses were not allowed to buy subprime loans before this change, it means they were regulated.  being able to buy subprime loans from loan originators after that change means they were deregulated.    ',1
'pisses me off',1
'my advise to the contestants,see the judges? now,do completly the opposite',1
'no - freedom of speak no matter who you are, and it was a joke.  hellooooo!',1
'typical obama voter...',1
'speaking of sperm...how are you the one that survived???',1
'by the way bk7 i got more brains in my a$$ than you will ever have even if you should seek an education which i doubt very much you can afford',1
'all of them  they\'re adorable.',1
'if you read the article- he\'s a doctor...',1
'well, she can afford good food, going to the gym and liposuction all at the taxpayers expense. mooshell is high-maintenance.',1
'that $hit is not called for.  this country has completely lost it\'s sense of decorum, and it\'s sense of humor.',1
'most of the time you make zero sense, but today you have redemed yourself.',1
'see the future here! do you want to make thousands? then check this out. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. there is information that the rich have been trying to keep for themselves and now you have access to it. come over and get your share of the cash today.',0
'the very fact that msn and the gay agenda and the gay pedophiles keep doing stories like this to try and break into the boy scouts, proves to me that the boy scouts are doing all the right things to keep all the gay pedophiles out of the boy scouts.  sadly i think the gay pedophiles will keep working with msn and do all they can to infiltrate and corrupt the children in the boy scouts if they can get away with it, just like jerry sandusky did to penn state!',1
'buddadon, man you need not only know how to construct a sentence but learn to use spell check. then get your head out from your **** sphincter.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'that  "just 1 kid" evidently isn\'t yours...',1
'it makes much better sense to pay off debts rather than allowing a bunch of overly paid idiots like the author of this article (liz weston) to throw your investment monies to the wind, where the same overpaid idiots are somehow collecting money to to that.     of course liz weston is all about "it\'s better to invest", she\'s living on other peoples money.',1
'bear cubs are extremely playful and will tend to include anyone or almost anything in their game as long as they feel safe.  so for him to play with a person is not the least bit odd. young animals raised where they are forced to interact with people on a regular basis become accustomed to being around people and as long as the people pose no threat what fear would they have of people?cute liitle guy though. even as adults this particular species of bear is very gentle and would only attack if given no other choice.',1
'not attacked since 9/11?  oh you are talking about just the other day!  you are right it has been about 6 days since we were attacked.',1
'then you should buy my son his lunch then. he doesn\'t like lunchmeat so it\'s peanut butter for him. thankfully his school doesn\'t ban peanut butter. oh by the way, the charge for his lunch is $4 a day.',1
'more than once. as a result i will if at all possible help someone else out in time of need without though or question.',1
'funny part is.... this is where its going....',1
'interracialcircle. ==a serious interracial online dating & social networking site specifically for singles interested in an interracial dating and relationship. you can enjoy free verification, chat, wink and reply email.sign up for free! and start to find your soul mate now! every serious single is welcome here.create a free profile today and have access to thousands of interracial singles in your area.(bing it)                    ',0
'no ... from what was said in this article, what is \'racist\' about that ?!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'my eyes - my eyes................  ​ ... they are buring - oweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  ​ eeee !',1
'i have challenged many idiot libs on here to back up their comments(wallece for example), i never get a response.        wallece, we don\'t want your opinions, just want the facts. since you have none, stop posting.',1
'neither. the fed is printing 40b per month now using this fake money to buy fake bonds. get ye precious metals and something to eat.',1
'social security was never intended to be the sole income of a retiree.  any who end up in this situation have failed.',1
'and now, because of obama, one more person is out of a job!!',1
'try west virginia in the fall.  there is real beauty.',1
'not that many lost their jobs.  on my block of 18 homes, over half have done a strategic default in the last 4 yrs.  they did not lose their jobs.  they just bailed  because the new home they bought in 2007 was losing value and so they decided not to pay anymore.  more are fixing to leave soon because they can\'t get their shortsale.    one lady said; "well i have to help my daughter go to college."  two others told me, "well i can still afford it but the bank wouldn\'t work with me".  waaaah!  very few (if any) lost their jobs and this is in las vegas, no. 1 capital for unemployment!!',1
'don\'t look any further for a new clown; call joe biden',1
'a democratic clown(most of them are) would be whining that ir was "taken out of context".',1
'yungstillstupid would be a better screen name for you.  welcome to the real world ya little sht.  life doesn\'t always go as you planned for it to and in most cases you have zero control over it.  if you\'re old enough to vote...i hope you have brains enough to vote out a president that will just make your retirement nearly impossible.  i hope you\'re smarter than you sound.',1
'i\'ve never seen a  generation with so many allergies to so many things, i think half of them are all in people\'s minds. if it doesn\'t kill you it will make you stronger. what a generation of wimpy wussies.',1
'she is stupid but if her remarks helps mitt then go for it !!!!!  some of us can still think for ourselves !',1
'you wait and see, a lawsuit will be next. saying he went home and thought about killing himself will be his reason. just wait and see.....',1
'approved speech is not free speech!',1
'and people like you are the ones i respect very highly. it was a joke and should only be taken as such',1
'no',1
'apparently the level of intelligence of people that watch this trash is zilch.  if i had a daughter, there is no way she would be able to watch these tramps along with their trashy mother!  amazing how people enjoy mindless, in the gutter television.  kartrashians wouldnt be around if they didnt have a following.  no wonder the us is slowly sinking, this is crap that people enjoy watching.  too funny!!',1
'jerryb2339v2 - you are the moron.  what littlefishing said is true.  why is that blacks are never considered racist????  it is idiots like you who should be not be allowed to reproduce.',1
'yeah, he blames whitey for his problems. i expected better from a president.',1
'what good would it do to fire the clown when u have another one trying to take out obama from office. you republicans have nothing better to do than sit here and bad mouth the most powerful man\'s wife of the most powerful nation in the world. why dont you go to work or employ some people get of your **** and work on the country instead of your mouth\'s. oh yeh i forgot none of you are educated enough  your mommy and daddy always take care of you with their money from the backs of the poor people of this great nation.',1
'they were all very cute looking. looks a little uncomfy some of them but apparently they didn\'t think so. some animals can bend and twist in the craziest ways.   i particularly loved the two that were spooning, so cute.',1
'you can bet your sweet azz this freak is not 83 from the south.  sounds like he\'s hangin on a porch in detroit.  fy someone',1
'yet another example of an over reacting school administration.',1
'what sick bastard would even consider that?!?!',1
'many people have crosses to bare....paralysis, disease, brain injury.  but that doesn\'t mean that zero tolerance is the answer.  if you have that extreme of a food allergy then maybe you should think about home schooling versus  forcing the whole schoolful of childred alter their healthy environment.  perhaps pb and j is all that mother can afford to send or maybe the only sandwich her child likes and will eat.  life; it\'s reality everyone need live with.',1
'it seems extreme to forbid kids of having pb&j or anything else. and what about those whose families can\'t afford much more than that? i would rather see the schools have a separate eating area for those with the severe food allergies than forbidding others from having it. those individuals need to protect themselves or soon it will spill over to other public places. you won\'t be able to go to the park for  a picnic if you might have something someone may be allergic to.',1
'no',1
'and...americans aren\'t really racist?',1
'i never thought he had a good voice.  he was a great back-up guitarist though.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'that\'s right bro\' the world is upside down. about all we can do is keep ourselves right side up and tell the the rest of the morons how screwed up they are. it\'s a dirty thankless job, but someone has to do it!',1
'smile.....you\'re on candid (walmart) camera!!!!',1
'yes nuff said....',1
'not necessarily. how many times do you read about broke lottery winners? too many of them blow the whole thing and then need that job back again lol.',1
'you are such an idiot, you know that?',1
'do this roland....find a doctor, any doctor, and ask him/her how many people have died from using thc in any form.  ask any government health worker how many people have died using thc.  ask anyone that uses thc if they know of anyone that has died using thc.  show me any statistic, chart, graph or diagram that says how many people have died using thc. that is how i substantiate my comment!  and i\'m saying that millions of people have collectively been killed by booze and cigs!  see the difference?',1
'with attitude you have shown in your proposed resignation letter you should have been fired long time ago..pity you boss did not see through you.. hope you now have a great job..',1
'you\'ve got a good point.',1
'this is pretty simple.  the school\'s policy is to have no peanut products in the building.  the mother shouldn\'t have sent her kid to school with the sandwich and she certainly shouldn\'t have gone on facebook to defiantly complain about the school upholding their six year old policy.  sets a bad example.',1
'spoken like a true closet bigot. the fact that you would even try to justify that comment speaks volumes about your character. i swear conservatives would\'ve voted for and made justifications for saddam hussein to be president as long as he was anti-abortion and anti gay marriage. thats all that matters to you drones. non compassionate morons. get some humanity and a clue.',1
'my last day on the job i made it a point to tell those i respected--goodbye, that i enjoyed working with them and that i\'d miss them.  was only a handful, though.  as for everyone else, i didn\'t say a word...i just left.  they were not worth another minute of my time.',1
'if it is not a tax, then place my social security and medicare payments into my personal retirement fund and health savings account / insurance investment that i can draw upon or pass upon to my beneficaries when i die.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'imagine that? a gay slamming gays!  msn\'s poor writers are probably going into hysterics right now!!!',1
'i feel if you have a "steady income", you should be able to do both (invest & pay down your debt).   i\'m 62 and retired, but, while i was working, i was able to invest and pay down my debts at the same time.  even right now, i have over $330,000.00, invested in stocks and mutual funds, i get a pension every month, and starting dec. i\'ll start collecting my social security, and i have a total debt of about $1,500.00.  so, you can do both if you\'re discipline enough.',1
'the reason investing is so hard these days is because  anyone with a brain has figured out that the whole system is rigged  the market is one huge insiders game  unless you have billions you will not get the wink before the big money moves leaving you high and dry  it is one giant ponzi scheme',1
'my bad!  not much of a "clown"...poor racist..',1
'i consider myself pretty liberal but even i know not to compare this to a school shooting. you must be an idiot',1
'thank you for your dedication and service.  the police get an undeserved bad rap.  i\'ve seen many officers go out of their way to help people, and want you to know that you are appreciated.',1
'for the record also gm doesnt lose $49,000 on each volt they sell.  that article was written with soo many assumptions and takes no facts into consideration.  you cannot say it cost 1 billion for r&d on the car and they have sold 20,000 to date so they are losing $xxx on each car they have sold.  thats not taking any profits from the sale of the car into consideration and it also doesnt take into count the sales of the opel version of the volt it takes just the us sales of the volt into its calculations.       here is how you know that article is wrong.  if gm sells 20,000 volts this year (which they are on pace to do) and they lose $49,000 per volt gm would lose nearly $1 billion just on the volt at 20,000 sales.  that means gm would make no money in the us selling 40,000 volts in a year but gm is actually still making money.',1
'free speech doesn\'t apply to private property and private owned businesses. when you\'re representing the company you work for at work, there is no such thing as free speech.',1
'@neal,   just curious how do you know all these particulars?',1
'cocaine, meth, and heroin are all highly physically addictive, and detrimental to your health. marijuana is not.   assault, rape, and murder all involve bodily harm to others. marijuana does not.     not sure what connection you were trying to make here.    on top of that, if we had less people in jail simply for smoking a plant, we\'d have a lot more money to spend on programs/systems that help everyone, instead of paying to feed and house a bunch of stoners.',1
'food stamp party, yo man you are insulting your family and friends. majority of the people on welfare and food stamps are white from red states....',1
'i want you losers  to see the real me. fu/**ing wanna be [msn users] so you fear me [mikey pinero] lmfao, lmfao, lmfao...thugs rule',1
'mildly humorous.  funnier than the actual show, but what isn\'t?',1
'if you\'re into apes.',1
'i say no to men wearing makeup. my primary reason being should it really catch on then men would have another thing to spend time and money on. kiss, keep it simple stupid, less is more. i have considered it a blessing to not have to spend time and money on makeup as a man. why spoil a good thing? we are equally happy with not having to worry about that time of the month or pregnancy.',1
'christian think that theirs is the only true church and that you will not enter heaven if you aren\'t baptized a christian.',1
'go jack! canines are amazing, and this proves that if a dog can do it, others should be inpsired by it too.',1
'most definitely! it\'s about time respect came back into focus. many people have respect for nothing anymore. how bad are we going to let it get? to me, it\'s worse than disgusting!',1
'warren buffet was on cnbc one morning early in this discussion of raising taxes on higher earners.  he was asked at what compensation level addl taxes should be due.  his response was at $50 million.......',1
'go f*ck someone your own age...u dirty creep',1
'funny.  the example of morgan and megan conveniently addresses only one side of the issue, and conveniently assumes a real return on investment.  what if megan, while socking away that $3k per year is simultaneously not paying down her debt as fast as she can, thus incurring interest on her outstanding debt that triples the amount of the return she is making on her investment, rendering her "savings" illusory; while morgan not only gets all paid off but then has the cash flow to really enjoy life while she\'s young enough to enjoy it?  furthermore, "the power of compounding" only works when return on investment is positive.  the way the game is rigged these days -- dominated by greedy and ethically-challenged  ​  members of the c-suite, enabling and lying internal and external accountants, unmotivated and underresourced regulators and sycophantic "analysts" -- a positive return is more like a pipe dream.  talk to some folks who followed liz\'s advice before 2008 and see where they stood in 2009.  and a company match?  perhaps liz missed the memo that a lot of companies have ended that nice little perk as currently unaffordable. ',1
'tax all movie stars and rappers and musicians 50 percent proffessional athletes too',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.‘               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'and you are the biggest joke here !     go crawl back under your white sheet and wack off to pictures of hitler..     typical rt wing looney tune',1
'wonder if rocky mountain oysters are banned?',1
'forget a return to growth. will not happen. compressive deflationary contraction rules the day. even benny bucks from the fed cannot stop it. if we do not manage contraction, contraction will manage us.',1
'what\'s wrong with a dress code?',1
'absolutely/ the clown is a cruel, mixed up piece of you know what/ absolutely!',1
'no, no bogus tickets. this guy\'s definitely going to get this one ripped up. can\'t have any evidence better than what he\'s got. this traffic cop has surely done the wrong thing and it makes you wonder how many illegit tickets he\'s written before. in my opinion he should be atleast reprimanded or fired. he\'s abusing his authority.',1
'let me "clue you in", this country wants nothing to do with christ....',1
'ya gotta love the cats and there stylish ways of doing things like sleeping and cuddling.....',1
'baby boomer destroyed this county.  make them work till 80!  if you dont save you dont retire!',1
'complete nuts all of them.  we grew up and all survived in the fifties and sixtys and we never even heard of a nut ban!!     what if a student was allergic to milk?   do we ban all milk products?     come on folks when do we start taking care of ourselves and stop trying to make everybody comply to your way of thinking??     remember the pp\'s are trying to make everything their way or no way.  (pp\'s-perfect people)',1
'just "does"?  is that the plural of "doe"?  the nasty people will each get a pet deer in the future?  lucky bastards!',1
'in all reality people will use it legal or not. so whats the big beef it\'s been proven not to be as mind altering as achohol and it\'s legal . besides regulting it cuold create jobs, tax moneys and  take alot of tax dollars out of fighting it in couirts and law inforcement .bottom line it\'s not going to go away so lets make the best of it',1
'huh?',1
'you\'ve neglected to address or even understand the root of the problem. if a kid with peanut allergies gets sick there is the possibility that a laywer will become involved. zero tolerance policy is pretty much the only protection from such a lawsuit because it is the only way the school can say they did everything possible to prevent it.',1
'kinda like saying something stupid at a party after having too much to drink.',1
'youre best friend kim is a slutty hoe. i should know',1
'that was a funny line when rodney dangerfield said it about 40 years ago, about himself.. if you are going to insult someone else with it, you at least ought to have the honesty to give him credit. (you could probably not come up with anything funny without stealing it from a true comic).',1
'snowflakes,    being a typical white elitist.',1
'i have a question, with unemployment staying high, and it doesn\'t seem it will be changing to quickly i am confuse about how easy it is to just keep your job as we are lead to believe. i was let go after 17 years of employment because of restructuring, i have been unemployed and underemployed for 5 years. i was at the top of my scale working hard and doing an excellent job according to performance appraisals. i am in my early 50\'s with experience and can not find a job, i don\'t even get call backs!       so what is one to do? if i have to work for 20-30 years, where do i work? will i get a job soon? so far it doesn\'t feel very good. starting a new career doesn\'t sound like it is a promising option. i will then be an older worker with no work experience in a new field. i believe a young person with a little experience seems the most likely to get the position. they are faster, more tech savvy and have more year to work and may stay with the company for a long time. it sounds ',1
'funny how over the years black comedians have made racial jokes without so much as a article.  you know part of being a comedian is making jokes. if racism jokes are not your bag then don\'t go see that comedian. personally i see a lot of reverse racism going on anymore. when i read these kind of stories. its usually a group who claims to represent the offended people that makes the claim.i find that except for a small number of people. most people take comedians even ones that make racism jokes all in stride and do not find them offensive or a personal attack.',1
'when is this world going to ever grow up and see people for who they are?  we\'re all not going to just "get along" because we all have different beliefs, different opinions, different ideas and different cultures.  we are all one world...its called humanity.  we all bleed the same red blood, we all use the same body parts to survive.  if you needed a heart transplant to save your life, or a kidney transplant to save your mother, would it matter what color of skin the person had who gave it????  i know we have a history in the usa, but lets grow up!!!!  stop worrying about what color a person skin is and start looking at whats in a person\'s heart.  that\'s what\'s important!!!!',1
'and all libs.',1
'hmm..isn\'t that unfair and puts a stigma on the kids that bring peanut products?  why do they have to be segregated?  is there something wrong with them?  what message does that send when others see those kids being forced to sit off all by themselves.  shouldn\'t we care about their feelings now that they are being singled out?',1
'wallece       another ignorant opinion.       give some proof of racism reagrding the tea party. specifics',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.             ',0
'what part of dead kid are you having trouble with, ironb2008?  why does it seem that the folks who don\'t want to ban peanut butter want to ban books?',1
'today is the first day of the rest of your life. try to enjoy it...',1
'i haven\'t been stopped by a policeman in 15 years, and that time the charges were dropped ....................  ​ . no one wants crappy drivers, stoned, or drunk, on the road ................. but they barely have the resources to stop those obviously driving out of control ................... if you drive safely, you do not get stopped!',1
'do you not spot the obvious issues in this !   1) those who can afford to just buy all there stuff abroad, and then ship it over   2) or they just move abroad.  then there is the equity - now you have put all the tax on this the poorest will not be able to afford to buy the essentials  the only people who propose these demand only tax or flat rate are the rich & greedy who want to dodge paying tax, and those to dumb to think for themselves.',1
'new york,jaimitown words to remember by the grand wizzard of ozz,jesse jackson,and since they fired the guy why not send him to russia to share a cell with pussy riot?',1
'does anyone know what these kids with peanut allergies are going to do once they are in the workplace?  i eat pad thai for lunch at least once a week and there is no way an employer is going to tell me what i can or cannot bring for lunch. there is 1 community fridge to store things and people are to eat in the 1 lunch room....',1
'good one !',1
'per the below posts:  i am very afraid!!!!  the people that think it is okay to make racist jokes/comments you really need some serious help!!!!  you\'re sick and ignorant to highest degrees.  you don\'t even know these people but you condone this type of behaviour!  i love the usa but we are so far behind the rest of the world where race relations are concerned.  noone can have an original thought unless it is formulated by a white brain!?  i am so sick of you racist bigots and you all should be thrown into a vat of crap!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'as dumb as $he is.',1
'what??  please step away from the crack pipe!',1
'there\'s no racism to this joke.',1
'amen!  negros are untouchable seem like...',1
'age discrimination is rampant in the job market.  i encountered it at age 40.  these companies want to hire younger workers, pay them less or more depending on the circumstances and tell you that you might not be able to work with them because you are too old.  they also break many employment laws when they interview you as well.  if you can work for yourself do it, then no one has a reins around your neck and gives you marching orders.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wallece       how is the tea  party racist. be specific',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'i promise not to call you libturd if you dont say teabagger',1
'no, the clown should have pulled the bull out of his pants and you should have sat on it and rotated.',1
'interracialcircle. ==a serious interracial online dating & social networking site specifically for singles interested in an interracial dating and relationship. you can enjoy free verification, chat, wink and reply email.sign up for free! and start to find your soul mate now! every serious single is welcome here.create a free profile today and have access to thousands of interracial singles in your area.(bing it)                    ',0
'lol irish',1
'lol i see you have the proper spelling for turdpaper now lmao',1
'i whole-heartily concur viper',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'it says \'separated from its mother\' but it doesn\'t say how, so if you know how mother was separated, let us all know so we all won\'t be dumb.',1
'9 incher up your azz: unless you can guarantee, what we both know you can not guarantee (similar to someone not supposed to eat peanuts), you are full of shlt and 9 inches of cock, li\'l bltch!',1
'tell me what you visualize that is so puke worthy. i\'m sure you think about it a lot.',1
'msn when will you stop with this ****ed up family? are you that lazy to research a story of   interest?just',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【 nudistpartner】 is just a correct choice.                 ',0
'my brother in law was allergic to pollen, and boy do we have it in the pacific northwest.  he lived in arizona and new mexico, but sometimes they came up to visit.  there is noting worse than looking at someone whose nose runs and eyes are all swollen and puffy and runny for two weeks.    my uncle was allergic to perfumed scents as in lotions, and to most flowers.  my aunt had to use unscented lotion, and could only grow flowers that did not have perfumed scents.  she grew a lot of pansies and mums. poor guy.',1
'seems like everyone today is offended over something,we need to pull our head out of our **** and learn to smile and laugh a little more.like richard pryor\'s grand mother baking a cake full of roaches.now i\'m sure she was a much better cook than richard described,but the statement was only ment to entertain,and be funny,and it was.now i\'m white,but our grandmothers (black & white) were some of the best cooks on this planet and i pray that they all spend eternity in heaven as i think they deserve. i love you grand ma.',1
'no, i\'m more than happy with my $50 junker phone. it get\'s good service and i can make phone calls with it which is what i use a phone for.',1
'shut your piehole!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yes they should ban nuts the school board is the first nuts to go',1
'oh,.....and $50 is way too much for michelle fat azz!',1
'i assume that you have no children and hope to god that wont either. you talk like an uneducated person blaming the parents to watch the fluid intake of the child, really! at the age of 2 it is really hard for a child to be potty trained, and its not like you can make them go! when they need to go, they need to go.     i dont know if you live in a large city, but in wisconsin you can go miles and miles without finding a gas station, store, or restroom. i do not believe that you should have your children do this everyday, but when you have children there are emergencies.',1
'they will fix the problem fiftyswit once they get rid of all the pedophile gays, problem solved.',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'kids who have allergies should just stay away from them. people who do not have such allergies should still be allowed to eat whatever the hell they want. i would not have let them take my sandwich away i would have eaten it and said ill give it to you later if you still want it.',1
'the show lasted longer than the fame of the original spartacus and was just as meaningless.',1
'ive never seen a possum that looks like that.',1
'get a life!  you are trying to find something racist,  reverse discrimination',1
'bad clown...didn\'t he get the memo? this "administration" is off limits? ignore (or do what the govt-libral media has been doing: hide/clean-up gaffes & such) what u see/hear. that was funny...i don\'t see it as racists, they\'re a bunch of nancies...oops! did i slip up? ha, ha, ha, ha, etc.',1
'mom knows better. she knew that her son would be safe eating penut butter sandwitch at school will be safe. but the harmful "nut" is the one who deprived the kid of eating a healthy lunch and go home hungry.',1
'damn right we do!',1
'on her behalf,she`ll survive a nuclear xplosion',1
'@ michael:  you are an idiot in chief of bs.   typical conartist/repub who thinks we lazyy a$$, nonworking, good for nothing, welfare recipients have amnesia.!!  you think we the people of this great nation forgot that baby bush got us in this sh$t hole in the first place.  now, you want the people to hold president obama responsible for bush\'s bs.  we the people are not that stupid...we remember!!        president clinton left the country in the "black."   then bush did what?  t',1
'absolutely!  and the rodeo association needs to issue a public apology to the first lady and the wife of mitt romney.',1
'unfortunately it is realistic.  my sister had a serious allergic reaction to blackberries.  she had never had issues before, but that day she had to be taken to a doctor.  it took her a long time to even try to eat them again.    i have a friend that\'s allergic to shellfish, when he goes to a restaurant and orders chicken items that\'s what he expects, but however at one restaurant out of all the 15 chicken items on the menu, he could actually only eat 6 of the items. (ingredients of sauces)  if it wasn\'t for the waitress taking the extra time to speak to the chef, he would have been in serious trouble.  so, a young child may know if he or she is allergic to peaunts or peanut butter, if the child has had a reaction.  but if not, that can be a serious issue and a lawsuit waiting to happen.       i\'m certainly not trying to be right. it\'s obvious everyone has an opinion, but like i said the ban is in place to prot',1
'the most selfish act of all is not to forgive, things are not always so cut and dry...life happens.',1
'he\'s an adam-henry and doesn\'t even know it as his head is so far up his hindend.  where the sam hill does anyone get off saying something so "off color"?   the clown was fired and i\'m elated to see it happen. i lived with a racist father (notice the lc f in father).      first lady michelle obama is a fine lady & i would be honored to be in her presence(along with her husband).  racism hurts everyone.  the "rodeo clown" really made an @$$ out himself when he made the remark.  take a look at yourself & you\'ll see others differently.  first lady michelle obama, if you\'re reading this; just want you to know that you\'re an "angel amongst us" and  i tip my hat off.  you\'re doing an excellent job and  so is your husband barack.',1
'leave the kids alone.  life is hard enough without everyone getting in your business.  be happy for others and you will live longer!',1
'ah yes the black way to deal with anything - riot. that\'ll work. politically correct is just another way to not hurt someones feeling. if i hurt someones feelings or don\'t like them because of race or religion or whatever - that is my choice. that\'s what it means to be free. if i hurt your feelings or offend you - that\'s your problem. mine is not hate - my dislike of people comes from experience. 10 out of 10 times a black person will always bring up race to somehow justify their actions or blame someone else. it all depends on the situation.',1
'wonderbred, listen to you...taking time to swim up from the bottom of the barrel to tell someone else "shame on you".  better look in the mirror.  i\'m sure you have many.',1
'absolutely.  poor taste and poor judgement',1
'yes',1
'good the public needs to stay out of their business. leave them alone',1
'who can afford a car with seven kids?  i guess the boy just trails behind on his own bike.  i think the looks on their faces in the last picture sums it all up nicely!  \'this is bull sh!t mom!\'',1
'guess you\'ve never been to utah.',0
'no, just wash his mouth out with soap and explain why it wasn\'t appropriate.',1
'are you even american?  your spelling and grammar are terrible. you\'re a troll- there is no "united state of american". you\'re clearly a racist as well.  not their country- you\'re full of crap.',1
'wait a minute nbkcq28. christ said whosoever shall believe in me shall not perish but have life everlasting through me. so how do other religions get into heaven? more why would they want to?',1
'many folks don\'t have a clear understanding of retirement age in conjunction with the social security annuity.      the reduction in benefits for those taking their annuity before "full retirement age," and the increase in benefits for those not taking their benefits until up to age 70, is based on your actuarial life expectancy.      example: a dude born in 1950 would be expected to live until 79. that guy will have received the same amount of social security if he dies at 79, regardless of when he began getting his social security checks.      obviously, if he dies "young" at 75 (say) he\'ll have collected more if he had begun collecting at age 62. and just as obviously, he\'ll have collect more if he dies "old" at 85 (say) if he begins collecting only at 66, or 67, or "late," up ',1
'what is actually stupid is your lack of facts and over simplifcation of things. also you lose any crediblity for using obama\'s middle name. is it that there are so many barack obama\'s that we would get confused as to whom you are talking about? no, i think you are trying to make baseless, factless assertions about obama. ****.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'so we\'re searching lunch boxes to confiscate sandwiches but we\'re letting hand guns and automatic weapons slip into the high schools.  i think all of the unemployed people should be switched across the board with all the idiots in high places making these ridiculous decisions. we have lost our way people. no one seems to remember that we\'re in this game of life together and we need to look out for each other. this includes the kid who wants to eat pbj and the kids who have to have something else.  my guess is the poor thing was going to eat that sandwich and not torture others who have nut allergies with it. how true the comment from "yzowzrd"...if we can remove god than i guess peanut butter really didn\'t stand a chance.  glad i\'m out of school since toilet paper might be next or water.  but the bureaucratic idiots will keep pushing the high fructose corn syrup in the chocolate and strawberry milk along with the chicken tenders made out of all that ground up waste material...more parents need to get back to parenting and send a decent meal to school with their kids.',1
'true but besides the point you cant sue to solve all of your problems its about time all that nonsense ends.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',1
'american irish..you and your way of thinking is what\'s wrong with this country..shame on you and the likes of you..i am so ashamed and saddened by the hateful stupid comments...did you really call michelle obama a monkey?omg smh..i will pray for you and your ignorant cronnies who agree with you..i am appalled.',1
'i know that there are people that have severe allergic reactions to nut products, but i don\'t think those severe cases are that prevalent. most of the allergic reactions to nuts are caused by consumption not just the smell of them.',1
'get rid of these people already!',1
'vietnam.. president kennedy began sending advisors and escalating the troops in vietnam in the early 60\'s . his administration brought the us the closest it\'s ever been to real nuclear war during the cuban missle crisis. my father was an active air force pilot at the time and was base restricted and on active alert during the whole time at lackland afb.  we don\'t villify  jfk for that but honor him as a fallen hero. lyndon johnson actually escalated the war much like our surge in afganistan but i didn\'t hate him for it.  nixon got to preside over our peace treaty that was mostly a shameful hasty retreat.  does history blame nixon for all the vietnam deaths?  maybe we were headed into some conflict in the middle east for years.  you folks believe  one our presidents purposefully decided to have thousands of young americans killed because of some ego thing?  again this is not the kind of mature, civil type of discourse or thinking that used to be the mark of most americans a few decades back.        ',1
'btw i don\'t read the personal attacks...lol',1
'no i do not judge i am neither a judge of the court or god. and that may be true for some i am talking to the ones who profess christ and are not acting christ like.in this country you are free to have a god or not have a god.',1
'you\'re on the wrong venue',1
'hell no!!!',1
'lololololol.. burn baby burn leo vansen!!',1
'i raised my daughter totally by my self.  i tried really hard to surround her with great people.  what i could of used is some moral support, someone to say, “your mother is right, or you should listen to your mother or here is what i think, etc.  i really think that it would of never mattered who was backing up her mother, just some back up would have been great.  hey!!!  but she turned out just great!!!!  she is a very smart and lovely woman.',1
'that\'s racist?',1
'the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one. smart guy that mr. spock.',1
'you are as full of sh-t as sh-t can get where do you get these figures? unemployment is going up at a steady pace.',1
'why should it be ok to insult someone not in "high office" and not those in "high office"?  freedom of speech is fine when it\'s not aimed at you.  there are limits to what you can say in public.  you can\'t scream fire in a crowded place.',1
'that is why i sabotage all the white people that i work with. i want them all to fail!!',1
'uhhhh. i know i wouldn\'t let my kid pee in public. i would accomplish this mainly by making sure he/she utilized every opportunity to use a bathroom before we were without that resource for a significant length of time. and if i were concerned he/she couldn\'t make it, i\'d let him/her wear something to assist with that.',1
'may your conscience and decency spread to vast majority of seething racists seen way too frequently here and elsewhere these days.      the stupid neanderthals are working hard to take control of this country and if that happens america will truly collapse into a cesspool.',1
'this appears to be a total lack of common sense, one minor interaction with a real vehicle will take out this whole family, except for the unmentioned dad. i once rode in a rickshaw in the phillipines but the operator frightened me so badly i was almost relieved to get back to the relative safety of vietnam.',1
'oh, that\'s not fair, 2 of my kids act, some are terrible people but don\'t judge them just because of the job they have',0
'i don\'t remember the year, but there was an awful ice storm when i was little and lived in nc. i believe that to this day, a lot of the trees are still split at the top from the weight of the ice.',1
'hey cat! some of these jack~ssas are soooooooo stupid, they think i am a real doctor! it is too easy! keep on skin\'in!',1
'$50.00??? that\'s to much!...how about a bunch of bananas?',1
'how can you let this guy pump gas?  he\'d break the pump handle every time he squeezed.',1
'going effen nuts over nuts by nuts!',1
'what\'s the method of indicating "wish it was \'none of the above\'"?',1
'so much wasted potential. he could have done a great interview and made the fox show look ridiculous but i think he choked. either that or he really didn\'t think this gag through. and in fox\'s defense, he\'s probably the best "under 34" pro-mitt voter they could find. there\'s not exactly a sea of young people who see any kind of future with people like romney in charge.',1
'yes. there is no room for racism in america. imagine if the joke was reversed.',1
'the tone these posts are taking is disturbing.  apparently the general consensus is that our political freedom is closely tied to whether peanut butter sandwiches can be eaten in public schools and even our children can be sacrificed to save that sandwich eating freedom.',1
'just sayin\' "you\'re an idiot." just sayin\'',1
'are you really than dense?  national geographic, noted for snapping pictures of women from the continent of africa in their native wear which many years ago, and (even now) for some tribes, meant without anything to cover the top.',1
'nothing wrong with pb&j.  as a kid i could not wait to fix a pb&j when i got home from school or out playing.  i have never been over 155 pounds in my life and i am 54 years old and still eating pb&j because i like them..  so don\'t blame it on the pb&j',1
'wait, i think we are all missing the big picture here; apparently walmart employees are so well versed in us currency that they can spot a fake without even using a currency detecting pen, and have the know how to properly hold onto and then destroy evidence. kudos to the well informed employee who demonstrated their knowledge in this instance <----- insert sarcasm wherever needed',1
'have to have a job before you can get fired.  what exactly jessie jackson does is one of the great mysteries of our time.....',1
'that is all she knows!',1
'i don\'t know where you are, but my experience with home schooling was just the opposite....at the time, it was in michigan.  as soon as my ex-daughter-in-law said she was home-schooling, they had to back way off and leave her and her kid (my grandson) alone.  thing is, she was not teaching him at all.  he was the age of a third grader and did not know the alphabet.     the school system could do nothing.  there were no forced standards.     finally she gave in and let him go to school because she got tired of having him around all the time.  he was bright and caught up quickly.    ',1
'if you want to tell someone off or worse,,, absolutely do not leave a paper trail or an email that can be saved and can cause damage and embarrassment for years. do and say whatever you need to say face to face and with no witnesses.  if you can\'t say it face to face,,,,, don\'t say it at all.',1
'of course she\'s an idiot, look what ^# party she belongs to!!  i would love to see her sorry butt voted out in shame completely from congress.  at least she\'s not the "madam speaker" that her felonious cronies helped put her in!!       all we have to do now is get the rest of the liars/thieves out of office and maybe we can get our country healed/fixed although it will take alot of time considering what the hell obummer and his idiots did to it!!',1
'i am so glad i\'m not like you.  it\'s a class war, pure and simple.  educated vs. uneducated.  period.',1
'teaching moment: bulls are colorblind. its the motion that gets their attention.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'whining disney star.  just od already lohan.',1
'that\'s exactly what your wife said while i was tapping her ****!',1
'slap them with a felony tag and call it a day that pretty much garuantees the rest of their life is gone.',1
'yeah i know pmsnbc is a bunch of dopes!',1
'2 words!!  term limits.... senate and the house!!  2 terms "max"  no pensions!!!  that will save some money huh?? not to mention it will destroy "lobbying"  and big business control!',1
'did the sandwich actually pose a risk?  i keep going back to this phrase, over and over again.  the book 1984 was a warning, not a "how to" book, people.  we now have the sandwich police, lucky the kid didn\'t point his finger at anyone and go *bang*, he would be in mandatory therapy and at a special school.',1
'so much hate still in this country, shame',1
'where\'s the problem ... ugly isn\'t a race.',0
'it didn\'t let the link post, you can google search it though.',1
'thank goodness that we have the first ammendment. in another country, saying something ridiculing another might get you legally sentenced to death.  however, i also have the right to not support a business that openly tolerates racist behavior. creston has to weigh whether or not keeping this clown is worth the potential loss of business or limb. if they are looking for a new clown, they are probably making the right choice.   that joke would be tastless and racist no matter who it was directed against.  e pluribus unum- "out of many, one". count me out on this one!',1
'irritateyou:  i could not find the word alot in any of the four dictionaries i have. will you please explain it to me?  or did you mean a lot [as in many] or allot [to distribute]?',1
'cleo       affirmative action mean anything to you?        when black americans stop using the race card and start accepting responsibility the(you) will receive respect. as of now, blacks demand respect.',1
'i care....pretty sure you don\'t care. if you honestly think odouche is our best hope, you need help.',1
'"our president\'s college transcripts would make for a much more interesting read than any of this tax talk crap."    i\'d like to see romney\'s college transcripts too.  after all, he had 3 deferments from ever serving in vietnam, by going over to france.  he wants to send all our kids to war but never had the ba**s to serve himself.',1
'if one wants to know about the state this country is in,all you have to do is read some of these hate filled posts..and as for m1978,may i remind you that your forefathers were imigrants,the only true americans were native indians and we all know how that turned out.',1
'yes!!!!!!!!! i am all for it! they don\'t deserve to have pets. and what\'s really scary, they could wind up   being psycho/sociapaths in the making!',1
'and you know his mama leo?',1
'bob, your mother is really your sister!!',1
'i can agree.  i was a manager and had a dept with 105 employees, 96 were females.  thank god i took a promotion and was transferred, had fewer employees and a lot less headaches.',1
'the people who write this stuff, retirement planners and such, are clueless about the reality of the situation. first off, people will be lucky to even have a job when they get near 60/70 years old.  don\'t they read all the stories about people being laid off and then not being able to find jobs. employers want the young and inexperienced for many jobs at $15.00 and $20.00(increase profitablity) an hour versus the older experienced workers at $30.00 and $40.00 per hour(decreases profitability), that\'s the reality. healthcare workers are being laid off and let go everywhere, to early retirement packages, because they make $30.00, $40.00, $50.00, $60.00 an hour(decrease profitability), in favor of the young and inexperienced at $20.00 per hour(increase profitability). profits and revenue are up at all time highs for many large corporations(see apple, united technologies, pfizer, citrix, chevron...) and yet the layoffs and early retirement packages continue. pension plans are being eliminated in favor of enhanced 401k\'s, which place the burden of saving and choosing proper investment vehicles on the workers. the companies are washing their hands of any obligation to employees, all in ',1
'well... this is a tough one.  if i was the parent of a child with the allergy i would be all for it.  it\'s just not worth the risk of harm to a child..... on the flip side. pb & j is a childhood "staple" and a very nutritious sandwich, preferred by a large majority of children.   weighing both sides...... ban the sandwich, any parent of a child with or without the allergy would agree.  do unto others.....',1
'dont forget the usps',1
'there is an easy fix to the warren buffet issue.  require buffet and his colleagues to take a mandatory salary so he has to pay into social securityh and medicare like the rest of us.  he currently takes a dollar so  require ceo to take a reasonable salary for their efforts.  also, if the tax laws were changed so that carried interested were not treated as capital gains but rather as ordinary income, then this would also help to allievate the tax differential for people like buffet.  he keeps complaining but pays tax lawyers and accounts big $$$ to try to help him avoid paying taxes.  i\'m tired of his whinning.',1
'oh jeez we got a keyboard warrior here. caps me to death',1
'i wonder about that, too.',1
'and your problem is????????',1
'the rodeo says it’s looking for a new clown.     .....look no more.....mitt\'s  your man !',1
'its very difficult for acting couples to stay together.they are usually seperated for long periods of time during filming. their emotions are being used to act and quite often these emotions turn to other people. the couples who stay together are rare but do happen. i wouldnt bet the farm this reunion will be long -term.when you are 22 you dont even know who you are much less who you want to be with for the rest of your life.',1
'he should be fired and not because it was racist or even political for that matter..he should be fired because he said something very disrespectful about 2 women he doesn\'t even know and he did it in public!  a real man would not behave that way or say something so disrespectful to women as a whole and especially not in public..who the women are, what color they are and what party they\'re affiliated with is irrelevant..they are women who also happen to be someones wife, someones mother as well as someones daughter so it\'s not only disrespectful to michelle obama and ann romney but to their families and the people who love them as well..if he would have said these things about the wives of the men attending the rodeo i guarantee they wouldn\'t have found it funny and being fired would\'ve been the least of his worries!!',1
'j bird:  thank you!  have a great day!  and, stay away from the peanuts!!',1
'no.',1
'mi ca stay out of the sun as you try to tan and get dark. i see your future. skin cancer!!!',1
'the people at the rodeo who thought the comment was funny probably also like ewes and rams and have their own farm folly home videos.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                    ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'sounds like you don\'t want to pay taxes anyway. we\'re not asking to the millionaires and billionaires to pay taxes from their money they already paid but about the " profit ",did you understand? if you wanna bury your fortune,i don\'t care but if you\'ve made a fat profit from it,you must pay taxes like everybody else,period.',1
'i would take ruperts opinion seriously, as he has first hand, real life experience in regards to this issue...',1
'eeeeeeeeewwwwwww  i have been in san fransico in the mission district and observed nude and almost nude guys in leather and chains (i am talking old, wrinkly, flaccid individuals) who should have hung it up (pun intended) years before. they are gag makers. i just believe that certain behaviours should be done in appropriate venues - want to parade around in the emperor\'s new clothes? hit a nude beach or private property. what you have to display is ridiculous looking at best and icky at worst.',1
'that is why your mama only getting 50 cents down at the strip club.',1
'i fervently hope every state adopts this idea. this makes perfect sense.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on bing or google  richsingleclub. under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.',0
'please tell me you\'re not really that blind?  i\'d rather believe that you were actually racist than that ignorant.',1
'blunts, i know how you feel. i had to use three condoms when i was f*cking your wife. i think my dog only used two when he nailed her, though.',1
'along with the 57 states super clown.',1
'it is interesting how kids today are allergic to everything.  years ago there were no bans on food items, no anti-bacterial soaps and doctors told parents to start feeding solids to their kids after about two months.  also, in some studies they are finding that avoiding the "problem" foods may actually cause the allergy.  i found an article talking about this:        parents today go way overboard to try and protect their kids, and it is causing them more harm.',1
'i don\'t know, but he\'s lucky mama bear wasn\'t close by because his encounter would not have been so cute !',1
'awesome post.  wish i\'d thunk it. . . .',1
'" " actually the "degenerates" usually just get some form or mrsa which is for the most part survivable. i only hear of white ppl catching other nasty stuff like vre & kpc. hopefully you catch clostridium difficile or c-diff & $hit out your intestine you piece of scum.',1
'portland or, has lots of mexican taco trucks. did you think i meant portland, main?',1
'**** i suck dick all day everyday baby all i gotta say is hyfr looks nice outside umm pretty cloudy thats nice hope it rains',0
'absolutely.  we must make it clear that there is no place for this kind of racist "humor" in the united states of america.',1
'when questioned about the welfare clause, james madison said that it was absolutely not a carte blanche for the federal govt to do whatever it wanted.  it was to be constrained by the limited and enumerated nature of the federal govt\'s powers.',1
'no, i\'m so tired of having to be \'politically correct\' all the time.',1
'sorry guys, but you don\'t get deported for committing a crime. if you get caught dealing meth in germany or singapore, they are not sending you "home" . you are going to be tried and caned locally.',1
'i...am paranoid? that\'s pretty damned good, see...when i thought of nat geo, not one thought of "native women in the nude" came to mind.  however i did picture native animals in the natural habitat, beautiful, lush country and good, warm people came to mind, not naked pictures of women in their \'natural\' habitat ala...playboy. get a life.',0
'thats absurde - doing well - how are you feeling these days - mom is still hanging in there with hospice - please keep her in your prayers - thanks',1
'no, the leaders were all men and refused to ask for directions.',1
'strike because i am  taxpayer tired of paying for poor education that puts us  behind other countries in preparing our children for work and life.  i am tired of paying for layer upon layer of administrators and specialists.  each school needs a teacher for each class, a principal and perhaps a vice principal if the school is large, a janitor, and a school nurse.  the rest of the ciriculum specialists, reading specialists etc,  need to go back to the classroom and teach, perhaps reducing class sizes in the process without increasing costs.  schools need to return to k-8 elementary schools which would reduce the need for additional middle school or jr. high administrators and cut millions from most school budgets.     lunches in my school cafeteria were prepared and served by the lunch ladies... no need for trucks to haul food  from a central processing plant.  you got whatever the lunch ladies cooked, eat it or not.  if you had a problem with what was ',1
'this world is not  a perfect place and it is unforuntate these type of things happen  my husband and i were boy scout leaders for many years and we have 3 sons that achieved the rank of eagle scout.    to many times leaders are left waiting for parents to pick their children because the parents are always to busy to be at boy scout meetings and be involved in their childrens activities.  instead complaining about scouts get in involve with your childrens activities and make a difference.',1
'america wil pay dearly for its role in slavery. what a man soweth that shall he reap. i can just see the faces of those who are going to hell...whewwwwwww...  ​ what a day it will be!!!!',1
'maybe the best thing should be that the child eating the sandwhich should wash there hands and face after they are done then no one will get sick.',1
'what\'s the mattet cant they take a joke............or the truth??????',1
'for many years, the boy scouts have practiced a concept called "two deep leadership" where a leader is never to be alone with a scout under any circumstances.  when my son was in the scouts in the 1990\'s, i was an assistant scoutmaster.  i had to consent to having a background check and attending lessons on this concept.  quite frankly, we had to fire a leader who insisted on taking out groups of scouts by himself in violation of the policy.    every organization has some rotten apples.  i give the boy scouts credit for trying to deal with this sensitive, politically-incorrec  ​ t issue in the best way possible ... long before other organizations (like the catholic church) did the same!',1
'white trash is the best kind!',1
'like the other writers, country hick get a life. you can hide behind that computer.. coward...',1
'i cant understand why you would think just because it would be legal, everybodys going to be using it?i think you would be suprised what people come out of the woodwork if and when they do legalize it, all the "illegal smokers" and "bleary eyed wastrels"are probably most of your neighbors,doctors, lawyers, teachers,the list goes on,.....',1
'believe me- visit a school or better yet the district office. you will see first hand what kind of morons are running things. i know - i teach. i am ready to have a nervous breakdown dealing with all the stupid!',1
'your best friend is a who r  e!',1
'no poor people are "sent" to fight for "the riches" of rich people....people can volunteer (and most poor people don\'t) to join the military if they want.    the usa got 0 free oil out of iraq, including the rich    the us doesn\'t have starving people...the poor are the fattest people in america, thanks to handouts.    "waist" is spelled "waste"    "voter id so only the rich and well-educated can vote"....nearly all the poor, not to mention the middle class, have id',1
'seriously i agree there is a lack of respect for the office but where was the outrage the liberal media and comedians bashed bush.  comdedians/clowns/et  ​ c make fun of peoples traits big ears weight and yes race get over it.',1
'yes, he should be fired and set in the path of the running bull dressed in all red clothing .',1
'but it can sure change it. i\'m guessing you have never seen the effects an ash cloud can have on a weather system. lightning strikes everywhere.',1
'good lord, how did we " baby boomers" ever survive ?? bans on this, bans on that, crawling helmets, bike helmets, etc.!!!!  we are raising children who are terrified of everything!',1
'a dollar collapse could bring on such a scenario but there are manual over-rides to plants and fuel distribution systems.  you will probably love the new nbc series revolution.',1
'can\'t wait to go there and order a burger then pitch a fit when they don\'t have it. a little trick i learned from vegetarians visiting steak houses i operated.',1
'odd you say some of this but in schools in some districts in illinois there is a ban on chips and desserts in lunches because of too many overweight children.  thank mrs obama for that one.  all children cannot take these items to school.  and i thought it was bad enough that some schools do not let the children leave the lunchroom with any food left over.  so if they buy a school lunch and don\'t eat an item...say apple, carrots, a cookie; they have to throw them away and not put them in their backpack to eat later.  school wants to make sure they don\'t eat anything in the classroom or on the buses gong home after school?  it is getting to be dictators by school-board.  sad society we are building.?',1
'@ truth.... i cant wait ither lol it will be pricesless!!!',1
'ken       t least ann romney did not worship with a racist pastor for 20 years.       where is your proof of ann romney\'s racism?',1
'i was sent, but i volunteered. last time i checked,  there is no draft. your rambling run-on sentences are full of anger. you obviously have something against white and rich people. educate yourself, and maybe people will take you seriously. you\'re probably the reason for your own problems...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'apparently his employer did. this wasn\'t some friars roast people. rodeos are considered \'family entertainment\', yes? there\'s a time and place for certain tasteless jokes. this wasn\'t one of them.   and folks, just for the record, any \'joke\' comparing the president or first lady to savages or animals is wrong. to the rest of the educated world, it\'s just code for the word you can\'t say. this type of jim crow-ish humor is degrading and dehumanizing no matter what your political stance.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'racist is black and white no shades of grey. stop hating on black people. point blank period.',1
'when he\'s right it is very rare but this is one of those rare times.  as he says if your smart you don\'t like him, rick santorum.  he\'s the stupid people leader, and a rising star of the gop what does that tell you.',1
'yes yes yes!!!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'am i a racist if i don\'t get the joke?',1
'then they should respect the god of the episcopalians and allow gays ("any god, any religion", you said).',1
'doesn\'t ****ing matter how much nutrition the sandwich has,there is nothing wrong with it.this america and if the kids mom is ok with the sandwich ,leave him the **** alone !',1
'when stupid white bigots put their low down dirty sick remarks on the internet they are playing into the hand of the islamic extreamists. of course most of the inbred bumbbells that put this trash on the internet are just plain stupid to realize it. just keep showing the world our divisions so the enemy knows where our weaknesses are. the problems in the middle east are as much your fault and that idiot that made the video about mohammad. of coursse you dopes will never get it, because:stupid is as stupid does. and you fools will never get it.',1
'.......or perhaps better yet, too big to trust!',1
'a joke should be funny not stupid.  the real joke is on americans if we get four more years like the last four.  and that\'s not funny!',1
'oh yea...meat, almonds and protien shakes along with some weights did that. oh o.k. and..why in the name of god,steriods aside would you want to do that yourself?',1
'rickmeister, don\'t confuse this kunt with someone capable of understanding logic!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'its just a joke! comedians tell jokes. turn on your tv and you will here a lot worse than this usually with republicans as the brundt. no claims of racism though and i\'m not sure why anyone would consider this racist unless they are just fishing for a racist story. hmmm! i wonder???',1
'c\'mon guys...he\'s a clown, probably can\'t read or write, so let him rant and rave for laughs!  at least he\'s not robbing banks, or knockin over little old ladies...probably.',1
'hey, look at me...i\'m on national television... go back and live with mommy and daddy. you said you met obama when you were in the 3rd grade. that means you met him last week.',1
'when i had my dogs i used to fill up my mom\'s spray bottle that she used for brushing her hair and set it on "jet stream spray". i would spray them and they would lick and bite at the water stream until their hearts were content. my mom thought it was funny and cute, but she didnt like the fact that i took her spray bottle.',1
'no',1
'all those people around and he gets attacked -    that is nature telling you that it thinks you are the weakest link.',1
'i agree... phuck em',1
'i didn\'t send an email but i did tell them how much i enjoyed working with them.  the one or two that would have made me lie, i just ddn\'t say anything other than "bye."  orverall, i worked with a good group of people.  didna\'t always agree with everything, but we discussed it, reached a mutual agreement, sometimes usspoken and moved on.  i miss them but it was time for me to go home and be with the one i love most.  wish i had retired two years earlier.  but, why can\'t we be just as honest with our political figures?  i wish they would all be thrown our of office in november for the poor leadership qualities they possess.  our embassies are burning because of their meddling!!!!',1
'woho!!!!!!,great people at the track:)',1
'only when i have too!',1
'who cares what a rodeo clown says anyway?',1
'i think hers was called a good friday night, lol.',1
'well at least it is good to know you aren\'t.',1
'cleopatra-- learn to use capital letters and good grammar. 4th grade was tough, huh? of course most people hate the racist potus: he increased the us debt to over... $16,000,000,000,000!  ​  in addition: his chubby wifey is a two-faced racist: read michelle robinson\'s [obama] thesis at princeton. you\'ll have to agree with me, if you read it.',1
'wow!  powerful.  that rabbit scared the crap out of me.',1
'i agree. you are a monkey. then again anyone still believing the lies from obama and blaming bush. won\'t have any manners.',1
'it\'s certainly legal for alcohol users to kill their brain cells with booze, alcohol is far worse than weed could ever be.',1
'yes.  and when i have helped someone else out and they want to pay me, i just say when you get  the chance, do the same thing.',1
'i just love the "christian" attitude of all the hillbilly redneck racists in this country. if there actually was an invisible old bearded wizard living in the clouds i seriously doubt he would think very highly of these followers of his. good thing we have a bunch of fat old white men on tv and radio telling us how terrible obama is and how lovely white and pious mittens is. i\'ll tell you one thing, the mormons here in salt lake are salivating profusely at the thought of a mormon president. if mittens wins it will be the fulfillment of a mormon "prophesy" (google mormon white horse prophesy).  y\'all know don\'t you that they honestly believe that theirs is the only true church and that you will absolutely not get into heaven if you aren\'t baptized a mormon. they even baptize people by proxy after their dead (yes they\'ve almost certainly baptized many of your dead relatives) so they can go to heaven.',1
'you had one in previously, and he ****ed it up. i would love to meet you face to face    to see if you have the balls to make comments like this in an open forum. it\'s punks like you that hide behind a keyboard and a mouse that makes this world a ****ed up place.    you  sound like you really hate yourself for being who you are!',1
'i hate to tell you this, but the ban at this particular school has been in effect since 2006. that makes it gw bush\'s fault, if you\'re looking to blame banned foods on the president. not only that, but i\'m sure obama didn\'t introduce a bill to congress that called for the removal of all peanuts and other allergens from public schools. this is a republic, not a dictatorship. the president can\'t do anything, well almost anything, without congress. you don\'t like the peanut ban, then i suggest you get out and vote in the next congressional election.',1
'careful what you wish for a scottish korean i am sure there are a few around',1
'my angel of a pitt bull is the sweetest most loyal dog i have ever know one day a few years ago i came home from work (i lived alone 23yrs old) and a man was parked in my driveway i didnt think anything of it and went inside the next day same thing kinda spooked me the 3rd day he was there then a knock on my door this creepy as guy i was looking at me as if he wanted to kill me i was so scared my pitt ernie came to the door and growled and tried to lunge at him and attck the guy ran off. my pitt is a big baby and had never growled at anyone before or since then he jumps and licks everyone that comes to the door. i know he saved me from being attacked he sensed that guy was going to hurt me. hes a 80lb baby who sits on my lap still and sleeps with me with his head on my neck hes my hero',1
'your knowledge of the christian faith is equal to your spelling.  it is not \'their dead", but the contraction of "they are" which is spelled" they\'re".  you should also put commas after multiple adjectives.  a new paragraph begins when the thought changes.you have made one paragraph serve for four separate thoughts (and i use the term loosely).  if people are being heard on a radio broadcast, how do  you ascertain that they are fat, old, and white?  did your invisible wizard send you a message on a cloud?  if you are an atheist, why would you care what someone does once you are dead and gone?   please don\'t spend your time writing silly comments.  enroll in adult education classes and learn to think.',1
'tortoise, these are unsubstantiated facts, every single one of them.    @mikey/dude, this is played out. we all know who is who. i have been watching your styles of writing and you have blown it so many times. you have the same backgrounds as three of your characters, you use the same phrases. this is pathetic.',1
'i want you losers  to see the real me. fu/**ing wanna be [msn users] so you fear me [mikey pinero] lmfao, lmfao, lmfao...thugs rule',1
'i agree!!!',1
'i hope they work it out.  they should be together.',1
'i bet your daddy still phuqs you and your sister in the ssa! oh, by the way did your mama have your baby? bhaaaaaaaaaaaaahahah  ​ ahahahahahawahaaaaaa  ​ aaaaa!',1
'food allergies are a bad thing, but a schoolwide ban on peanuts?  why stop there! next a county wide ban, then state wide, then a national ban.  why don\'t we just wipe peanuts from the face of the earth.  the peanut ban, i believe, was conceived with good intentions, there has to be a better way of insuring a childs safety without stomping all over everyones rights.     mkdavi.   bsn, rn',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'and for the record ... once america has spoken and chosen a president i have respect for that collective voice. it would take a tyrant for me to voice opposition on the forign stage ... and i most certainly had nothing but respect for g. w. bush while he tried to deal with horror of 911 ... the difference between "people like me" and you is in that i try to find common ground and from there a solution. i listen when my opposition speaks so that i can understand where they are coming from.',1
'how come valarie jarret gets full secret service details while on martha\'s vineyards, and this poor amb. stevens gets none out in libya?????? obama you f-ed up big time.',1
'i\'ll referrence my earlier post to express my disgust with these comments - but i think i can speak for all the level headed people who are actually bothering to post hear (not that there appears to be many) when i say that comments of this sort are not acceptable. it does not matter if i vote left or right, speaking so ignorantly and disrespectfully underminds our position as leaders on the world stage and underminds democracy. and no, voting left myself, i never at any point saw it fit, acceptable or tolerable to speak that way about sarah palin, bush, whoever. this was also disrespectful to ann.',1
'wells fargo told me theyre not loaning a dime to anyone,that theyre very conservative with lending.',1
'calling social security and medicare payments a "tax" is not valid.  these are payments made for which the payer will get a future benefit from in the form of social security benefits and medical insurance when they retire.  it is no more appropriate to call this a tax than to call your 401(k) contribution a tax.',1
'not to mention nuts are filled with protein and one of vegetarians main source of it.',1
'here is a good place ------l_u_v_s_e_n_i_  ​ o_r_℃_0_m------ for 50plus senior singles to meet ,chat and love with each others. u should check it out .good luck~~~~',0
'people on disability with a good amount of taxable savings could end up paying a higher percentage of tax than willard romney. itdoesn\'t seem fair.',1
'right',1
'the only thing worse than a clown telling racist jokes is the type of genius comments that some people made here. i\'m surprised some of them actually know how to work a computer, much less string words together to form sentences. listen, just because you have freedom of speech doesn\'t mean you should use it to demonstrate your ignorance. save it for your buddies.',1
'it\'s not a joke and it is possible with proper planning.  the joke is a parent, with lousy  parenting skills thinking it\'s ok to piss in public.  use some common sense, do some planning/research.  many parks have restrooms.  most shopping facilities have restrooms.  there are rest areas on highways.         the only excuse to pissing in public is parental laziness and thats not an excuse.',1
'christmas shopping in august  in the middle of the night okay whatever but since its a law suite iam sure we will hear more',1
'what do you call your comment, "hillbillys" hmmm who cares?',1
'@georgia- right back at ya!',1
'i have peanut allergies and always have. you know what my parents told me when they found out. "hey son don\'t eat peanuts. ever!!! because you could die". i\'ve made it to adulthood with that little piece of knowledge. pretty good advice i think',1
'kudos to the officer who pulled him over and arrested him.',1
'boy you are a real ****.',1
'rock drummer, what are you looking for a parade or a discussion? if you want people to line up behind you and toot your horn, sorry dude. if you want a legitimate discussion, i am there.',1
'i\'ve been selling boeing all year long. (i was an employee and the company matched my 401k contributions with boeing stock. i\'d turn around and sell it right away and redistribute it to other things.) this isn\'t a newsflash. this isn\'t inside information. this is public knowledge and this article doesn\'t mention the word tanker once, a $30 billion firm-fixed price contract. it also ignores the defense budget cuts pending at year end if those idiots in congress don\'t get their stuff together. you can\'t just look at the 787 and predict boeing stock price. there are billions of dollars on the military side that are under huge risk right now. you also can\'t forget that any 787 delivered are years late and boeing is still paying penalties to all of these customers which will continue to be a drag for the foreseeable future.    by the way, " \'if the 787 aircraft production ramp-up occurs as expected and if production rates on aircraft programs are taken higher, we believe boeing can trade as high as 18 times our 2013 earnings estimate of $5.85, up from 2012\'s est',1
'after all, let\'s be more understanding; a bad sandra fluke is better than no fluke at all !!',1
'how would you feel if someone spoke about your wife, daughter, sister or mother in such a manner. well, i guess it\'s just a joke. it is only a matter of common sense to avoid embarassing yourself and those who care about you',1
'so whats the difference in downloading it then when we used to record it off the radio to make a mixed tape.  that\'s right, i said mixed tape.',1
'you can make 7% on dividends alone with the right utility stocks.  that is not unreasonable.',1
'president obama is not a christian. a christian would never say on national television that "america is not a chirstian nation. this country was founded on christian principles by chiristian founding fathers. a chirstian salutes the flag when it is raised and does not have his hands in his pocket. president obama does not salute the flag he is sworn to protect as commnader in chief. there is something wrong with that picture. even hilary clinton who was standing next to him has the decency to salute the flag when it is raised.  a chiristian would never force other christians to pay  taxes for gay people and abortions that they are morally opposed to. in my humble opinion obama is an evil man.',1
'not a collar folks...natural coloring for some young cubs. you can see the fur best in the first few frames near his hand.',1
'they do calf and bicep implants all the time, how moronic the head line, this guy isn\'t strong he has implants: fake  **** muscles. he looks like elephant man only the elephant man was real.',1
'aebf5 - the answer is yes.  its the paren\'ts responsibility to take necessary steps to safeguard their child with the allergy.  you can\'t make 100s, 1000s, 1ms conform to accomadate the 1.  that\'s just not a feasible reality.',1
'sure glad bush made us a better county right??  go back and hide under the rock you crawled from under you racist bastard',1
'exactly correct- why does someone who works in accounts payable for the village get a sweetheart deal of early retirement when the rest of us who don\'t work for a government agency have to work to 70 to support their pensions???? its unsustainable...',1
'aside from that, the average investor ever having become some fella with no financial education, or very little, and his "td ameritrade stock analyser software" (which is simply written by some guy based on the theories of the market which they hold) is also part of the problem.  markets and their cycles on a national and international economic scale are enormously complex.  the fact that joe blow and his latest silly software was ever able to consistently make money is more a tribute to market rigging than the fact that they have a harder time doing so now.  most analysts, fund managers, etc. are actually honest people.  they don\'t have access to any more info than is available to anyone else, but they are where they are because they have proven a track record of knowing where to get the info they need, and how to filter noise while making decisions that pay off.   if we ever get to a point in this country where average joe six packs are dropping from the labor market to become non-goods producing money counters again, it\'ll be to our detriment.  that is why america produces so little for export.  it became easier to make money by playing the market and producing nothing of value ',1
'they didn\'t think it was realistic in nature, national geographic would have never offered her that much money, everyone knows that..',1
'my best friend has just announced her wedding with a rich  man.they met via  .♥.richbachelor.♥ .a nice place to meet mature successful men & classy sophisticated women...if u are a single mature woman and  want to marry this kind of older successful man to make your life more adventurous.it’s worth a try. bing it.',0
'this is so stupid. i bet the school doesn\'t even know how many kids are allergic and what they\'re allergic to.',1
'you are a ****',1
'that\'s exactly why your views are distorted the way they are. it\'s because of that "box" you live in. oh, believe me , we have tolerated a whole lot more that you can imagine.',1
'this is true. most people say they pay alot of taxes but they dont think about the money they got back. i paid 29,300.00 something in that range in taxes and got 6,347.00 back.  most people get all their money back but yet they have the mind set that they paid all that money.. if i didnt have my investments and charities i wouldnt get that back. the more you can invest and give to charity the better off you are. also if you own a home. but that is going away i am betting, both canidates want to take that away.',1
'absolutely! and 108 up through smugglers notch is amazing!!',1
'my oliver loves to retrieve anything and everything--after all hes a labrador!!',1
'nice reply ken, i couldn\'t think of a better way to put it!!!!!',1
'congrats to the couple of this new baby!',1
'where are you, waldo?',1
'what pair of rose colored glasses are you looking through!!!!!!!!!!!! those of the facts as you see them thank goodness most individual on the plant don\'t share your twisted views!!!!!!!!!',1
'had a friend who was allergic to school. the bus would drop him off in front of the school in the morning and he would severly break out and run off to go fishing!',1
'i agree with the need to be diligent protecting those children with severe food allergies. however, when did the needs of the few determine the needs of the many? in my kids\' schools, there are separate eating areas for the few kids with food allergies. these kids carry epi pens with them wherever they go in the school. more importantly, all the children are taught the proper way to wash their hands and be considerate of the kids who could become sick. education and protection are very important but do not punish the many kids who are unaffected by this.',1
'boo fricken hoo! now if she could act as well as she whines',1
'i am disgusted by these comments. i am a white woman - and i\'m disgusted that i feel the need to say that - and to hear people attack michele obama, who is so obviously such a positive force in america, in the world, and regardless of being left or right of centre ... to hear this woman attacked this way - nevermind as our first lady - truly reminds me of the issues we clearly still have on our home front. to everyone who contributed to this degradation of american class, congratulations, you are officially the scum of america.',1
'thank god i my company still has a pension, well everyone that was hired before 2004 has a pension anyways. with the pension, 401k, stocks, and (hopefully) ss retiring at 67 is still a viable option. it is a shame that companies have gone away with pensions, i don\'t know what i would do without mine? i would have to safe over 1.5million otherwise...',1
'khloe, curvy beauty, come on how much did she pay you to write that.  i cannot imagine a day going by without these idiots in the news.  i know lets try it.  no kardashian stories what so ever for a day.  how wonderful life would be!!!',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'40 or 50 years ago national geographic magazine used to run photo stories on various african tribes, which invariably included bare-breasted women.',1
'first of all: who yo daddy? second: who yo baby mama?black trash breed like rats and live on welfare.',1
'just because you happen to be black and you didn\'t find it offensive, i happen to be a black american and i found it to be offensive... mentioning black americans and national geographic is racist and offensive!',1
'exactly, she got caught breaking her twilight contract that\'s what she was so upset about.',1
'you just responded to a racist comment with another racist comment...nice job.',1
'i hope that ticket writer gets fired. it also sounds like he could barely speak english.',1
'same here in colorado.  some trees had the resources to turn that lovely golden color we get on our aspens, but many more are just brown.',1
'just another example of the vast majority being ruled by the small minority... this country is fast becoming very pathetic. is it time for another revolution?',1
'that look disgusting eww',1
'i would prefer the death penalty.  get these people out of the gene pool as soon as possible.',1
'seriously? this is not only about black people being sensitive xsvenom. i think the rodeo need to apologize to michelle obama and ann romney too for this joke went too far. it is not always all about color of skin. he can tell all the jokes he wants about whatever race but the clown\'s joke about the first lady and possible future first lady was out of line. simple!',1
'good point sugar cookie.  lots of allergies out there.',1
'oops....that hussein comment kinda tipped your hand, now, didn\'t it.',1
'it is not about \'understanding & compassion\'.  it is about common sense and logical thinking...   please point me to just one credible, scientifically based study that proves your contention that merely smelling a nut can kill someone...',1
'wow...no big soft drinks in ny city no pb and j? what is the world coming to...see wwhat happens when the govn\'t gets involved in matters they know nothing about..wont be long before they tell us what day to s**t on,names ending in  a-d  s**ts on monday..e-h dumps on tues...lol..gotta love it.. :)',1
'were supposed to pay but the govt doesnt! they just keep printing.',1
'prime example of our tax dollars at work.  we give money away to everyone else so why not gm.  personal welfare, corporate welfare.  why not we are rich of course and everybody has a ton of money saved for our retirements.   not!',1
'although watching her walk with her knuckles dragging the ground would be funny.you know the way she does when no one is watching.',1
'i am a white person who doesn\'t care what color a person is.  obvious, you do.  it has nothing to do with his color for me.  i simply don\'t agree with a lot of his decisions, especially apologizing for america\'s sensitivity when one person with a criminal background made a stupid film.  would you go out and kill people if one person disrespected your beliefs?  i hope not.',1
'i am allergic to stupidity, and you make me itch. if anyone has that serious of a problem they should be controlled, not everyone around them. pc is getting way over played. i am allergic to cats, should the school ban all students and visitors etc from owning or even touching cats? no, of course, just as ridiculous as a pb&j ban.',1
'omg the crap of this article is downright hilarious!       smartphone - sure you can get one for free. you just pay for it twice over in the two year agreement. morons.   free car trip: yeah, good luck getting a cheap flight back for a family that ultimately cost less than renting a car and the gas. morons.   dining out w/kids: unless you have half a dozen kids or more, this is a wash with cooking in. and if you have half a dozen kids or more, you have your own issues. morons.   free shipping: sure, they just bumped the price up of the item to cover that and added a little extra hoping you wouldn\'t notice. morons.   amazon prime movies: must mean that amazon prime is free, right? wrong morons.',1
'how do you keep a moron in suspense?',1
'so do you think bernanke was acting according to his own will?  or do you think that he was influenced at all by obama.  especially with an election year upon us?',1
'they were already behind 4 days..... they knew....',1
'you\'re correct.  those of us who have done the right thing are being left out of the loop.       remember, we are living in a time of crony capitalism; the government and banks are partners, while the people are left to struggle.  with 1% now holding 92% of the wealth, this has been the greatest transfer (stealing) of wealth this country has ever known.       the message we are all being sent is, crime does pay.',1
'i got a dog for a graduation present then i moved out so i could take him with me that is when he hooked up with my mom and lived with her until she died then he hooked up with my dad, then when i moved back home for that yr in half he got close to me again then when my daughter went to play he chased her away from me cause he did not want to share his love so he would nip her on the ankles to say stay away from my momma.',1
'no, it\'s freedom of speech, just ask maher !!!',1
'how can they truely represent the people of their district if they are not effected by the positions they take?  how can they be in touch with what is going on in the area if they dont see the real day to day of what is going on?   basically the cops, fire dept, mayor, town council, must work and live in the area they represent. it will make them accountabel and feel a part of the community that they work in',1
'if the kid is so sickly,keep it home.leave the rest of the world alone,we cannot stop living our lives because of one sickly kid.get real! the kid has to face the real world some day!',1
'it\'s a movie. do they also believe toys come to life as well? get real..seems the folks over seas always want to trash their towns. then ask the rest of the world to help rebuild it..cause we\'re sooo poor. no wonder you keep trashing it. behave yourselves or we\'ll kick you into sids yard!!',1
'most definately....very low life comment. i won\'t even call it a joke!',1
'-_-',1
'paranoid? look in the mirror bozo, the only paranoid one i see is you. really? when i thought of nat geo, i thought of lush country and beautiful vistas and people, not one image of "pictures of women from the continent of africa in their native wear..." came to mind. paranoid, what a clown....hahahaha, get it?  grow up..',1
'notarightorleftwing.  ​     but just think if the white guy gets elected at least there will be jobs. i asume you were trying to be clever but  if you don\'t vote for the very white guy, in four more years you won\'t own anything. so i still have a little, so like him or not, he is the lessor of  two  evils.sit at home and don\'t vote and you are the problem.',1
'absolutely correct, and we forgive you for that err in judgment in 2000.',1
'comparing peanut butter to a pistol?  please.  why not just banish peanuts from the face of the earth.  put signs on every store:  "warning, someone in this store may have just consumed a peanut butter sandwich.  don\'t let them touch your arm or breath on you."  we cannot protect every person in this country from every miniscule thing.',1
'yep!  kids have always had allergies and food was never not allowed.  this is ridiculous.  kids just need to be taught what they can and cannot eat.  are they going to stop allowing milk too?  what about sugar and high carb meals that  are bad for diabetic students?  in fact, maybe they should just not allow any food or other product that can possibly cause an allergic or otherwise negative reaction!',1
'bob you are retarded i feel sorry for you, i bet your life sucks you and your wife are two  fat under educated frustrated individuals and the only way you have to feel better about your pathetic life is to hate on somebody.',1
'nolefan99 - we kicked a$$ on wake! loved every minute of it!   go noles!!!! takedown clemson!!!',1
'robert benmoshe is nuts!  they need to lower the retirement age..............not  ​  raise it!  this raising of the retirement age is what screwed up our economy to begin with.  it pulled money out of the economy that we desperately need and put millions of people on welfare.............  ​ .that money created jobs and kept local economies going.  when a person retires, it does two things for our economy:     1.  it leaves a job opening for an unemployed individual.  2.  it removes money from the government coffers and returns money into the hands of the private citizen who in turn spends it back into the economy creating even more jobs.     but robert benmoshe and obviously our government employees are way to stupid to recognize those two little facts! ',1
'lose gracefully and learn when you do, it helps you from repeating the past over and over.',1
'yes',1
'naaa.',1
'the question i\'ve had for some time is: why are peanut allergies becoming more common and more deadly versus the past? genetic modification, perhaps?',1
'that "joke" was out of line, and i\'m not even a fan of the pres and first lady.  i think it was pretty tasteless.',1
'when i was a kid, all i ever got for lunch was a peanut butter sandwich or a jelly sandwich.  during all those years, i never saw anyone have a reaction to my lunch.  i think this is nuts and just another intrusion of the control freaks over our lives.  i guess you can eat dog sh*t at that school and that would be okay.  gimme a break!',1
'i\'m not sure i agree with you on that nick. i can respect the office of the president without respecting the man himself, but regardless of how i feel about obama or his wife, racism has no part in it. racist remarks should not be allowed in any public forum.    i do agree with you however about comments some make on people who don\'t agree with them. some cannot get into an intelligent debate w/o it turning into name calling/insults.    to me, when you have to resort to insults that just proves how weak your case is.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'maybe the man making a million dollars house was 10 times larger than the man making 30 thousand, but my quess is the one making a million dollars got a kickback of 99 thousand dollars from the painter so he could cheat on his income tax.     did you know romney is unemployed   obama didn\'t personally profit when he bailed out the auto companies. by contrast, bain walked away with at least $12 million in profits after its episode involving gst steel   you ever watch "pretty woman" this is what romney did for money, anything for a profit',1
'tired of obama     you left out a word, didn\'t you?   some other word to describe the president?  bigotry isn\'t confined to the south.',1
'two people make a choice nine months before a kid is born...and funerals would be free...if you don\'t mind the mass pauper graves of the 1800s...it\'s having custom burials etc. that are expensive.',1
'turdpaper n jbird if he wins will be for about 8 to 9 inches',1
'i understand why you are still posting at 3:58 a.m. no one at the house to cuddle with. typical loser...gets his rocks off by putting racist comments on the internet. and it\'s obvious you are not employed. thats horrible that you arent intelligent enough to find a job.. charity case.',1
'all of them.  i miss having a cat mone gone for about two years so i enjoyed each and every one. there so cute',1
'hahaha....funny how we can laugh at a joke that pokes funny at \'rednecks\' and no one says anything but make a joke about the \'annointed one\' or any of barry\'s family and the odumbozombies fly off the hook',1
'if your wife was posing nude in the national geographic magazine, where in the world would she most likely be and under what circumstance, dumass?',1
'not any more than anyone else !',1
'no',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'and just for fun lets drop the obama\'s in downtown kentucky, alabama, hell you pick the southern state and see how well they fare. the guy is purposely ruining this country!',1
'no, it\'s over kill and he\'s a dick who needs to get a life, preferably in egypt ! ! !',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'should be fired for the remark.  not because of who the remark was directed at but because it is a rude remark in general.    by the same argument though this "author" should be fired.  the comment about ann romney was rude.  it might not be racist but it was uncalled for.  so fire both clowns please and then lets get some people here that understand why the press should keep their personal views out of their "reporting".  stop trying to influence people with these meaningless stories just to attack one party or the other.  if your side can\'t win on straight facts without racism brought up constantly then maybe they don\'t deserve to win at all.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'this is just to much. the only racism in this country is on the left!! they can say anything and offend anyone they want and get away with it. the media passes lies and the left fuels the fire.  i don\'t know anyone who has owned a slave or anyone who is proud of that time in our history. we are proud of president lincon and we will never allow anything like that to happen again.  the hate that is comming from the left is a cancer and needs to be removed before the damage becomes un-opperable. please wake up america. the real racist in this country want to distroy our (all americans) freedom.',1
'why continue debating the "tax" issue? the united states of america has been leveraged way beyond it\'s worth as is obvious by looking at our debt. china is the majority stock holder of this country and they are not worried about any tax rate, for any group of people. they sit over there,(for now) watching and laughing as we borrow more money from them, (which we can\'t repay) to pass on to other foreign countries as "aide"( aka charity)!  both popular parties of the american government have sold us all. fair trade agreement my a** ---- nato my a** --- it\'s all over but the cryin my friends. the next "party" to get elected will only help to determined how painful our final days as a "free democratic country" will actually be. sorry to be so blunt; but it is the real truth that nobody is willing to address, much less admit. it\'s been real america -- so long :-{(',1
'a little baby i know was born very allergic.  they couldn\'t find any kind of diaper or laundry soap or lotion or anything to help her with her diaper rash, until their babysitter said to use bag balm on her.  it worked, and she was over the rashes at last.  but she still had allergies, and was at the er at least once a week for neublizer treatments.  somehow she thrived in spite of the allergies.  as she entered school, she was allergic to only a few things, and knew what not to eat or touch.  her siblings also were aware, and looked out for her.  one day, they were on the school bus heading for home, and her little friend offered her a cookie.  her alert sister saw her eating the cookie, and grabbed it from her, shouting it might have peanuts in it.  the bus driver saw the commotion, and stopped the bus and called 911.  now that\'s an allergy.  but in the peanut butter sandwich case, that is ridiculous.  the child wasn\'t going to share it.  food police in schools are way over the top, just as the school police who called the authorities about a kids lunch not being nutritous enou',1
'i guess since you can\'t spell, you can\'t read very well either. the only romney mentioned was ann "pity me" romney. and besides that, romney has no stance.  who\'s the racist now---do you mean, besides you?  you should try for a job as a clown, you would be very good at it.',1
'this is  a self made disaster just waiting to happen, if they\'re hit by a car there will be no survivors, everything about this tale smells of future disaster. when that happens they\'ll be asking the dad why he allowed this to happen. no amount of insurance will replace dead and crippled children. portland is a major city with  terrible traffic and many accidents, she\'s looking for trouble. as great as her intentions are she\'s putting her children at risk.',1
'maj - i would venture to say you are from the most unsuccessful, non-contributing most detrimental race in the history of the world. the one that has never had a successful nation, country, state, city, town, neighborhood or even a street.  you know the one that every other race moves away from - the one that never makes progress.  no one has to make black people look bad - they take of that themselves.  you lower education standards and over-crowd prisons - these are facts.  now stfu and go away you free cheese eating ghetto rat.  obama sucks worse in 2012',1
'obviously a bitter old queen who never found anyone that would put up with him.',1
'if you want to ban something....how about those selfish overpaid teachers in chicago. fire all them. and hire folks who be thankful for that job.    have to love the fact they dont want to be tested for performance.  two weeks out and these entitlement marchers are turning down a 16% raise...omg...where can i get one of 8 month a year 74,000 jobs.',1
'he should be fired because at the least, it was an inappropiate joke to be told in public and at an event such as this. it is the rodeo people have that right as the employer not to welcome this "clown" back again.',1
'yes! fire him; quickly. people keep on forgetting that this is the president and the first lady of the united states and they ought to have every bit of the respect; that all other presidents and first ladies; prior to them have gotten! again; i\'m talking about the president and the first lady of the united states. may god bless you both; as you both struggle through this erra of  acceptance; because you are black... amen!',1
'i have about $20k in the stock market invested in various things from communication, oil and entertainment and i have actually made money - not a lot, but they are all doing ok.  you inbred super smart guys saying everything is rigged are about 50% right.  when you nutless idiot make comments without anything in the game, your kinda of like obama - clueless with no experience.  your banks crashing was a direct cause of bill clinton forcing unqualified loans through for welfare ghetto roaches.',1
'edgy, very edgy',1
'jeez, i think i would hand them another $100 and see if i could double my money.',1
'oh wow, stop watching those republican paid ads on t.v. makes you sound stupid',1
'greyfriars! that\'s it.  couldn\'t quite remember the name of the cemetary.  there is a greyfriars in london but this particular greyfriars [which greyfriars bobby is linked to and buried outside of] is in edinburgh, scotland.    sad the dog couldn\'t be buried next to his owner [buried outside the cemetary] ostensibly because the cemetary is \'consecrated\' ground.     consecrated my foot.  speaking of the supernatural, :) a friend from the states had occasion to travel to scotland this year.  he asked what places i\'d recommend he visit.  {from the uk but i work in the states.    a fellow engineer, he was all air talking about \'logical, scientific, rational yada yada yada\' {never seen a scientist ',1
'honesttee,  i commend you for your insight, honesty, candor and especially your attitude.  i am a middle-age white person, politically conservative, socially moderate.    frankly, i\'ve heard some racist jokes (about all races including mine) that are funny.   this joke was lame, not funny.  people use poor judgment and bad taste all the time.  that will never change.  i pretty much try to just ignore them.  incidentally, this is the first time that i have ever posted to one of these type forums but i thought it was refreshing and inspiring to see someone who could have taken offense and shot back with caustic and inflaming comments choose to reply with something more intelligent and well stated.  you seem to be quite admirable.  warmest regards.',1
'soon, school lunch with pink slime will be mandatory.',1
'last time i checked people were on food stamps when the last dummy was in office.',1
'yes, adults do learn to work around them, and kids learn as they grow.  but we\'re not talking about adults, or even teenagers right now.  we\'re talking about grade schoolers that are being expected to magically control their environment.  they can "not eat it" easily, but they can\'t just "not breathe it".  all kids have a right to an education, and a child\'s right to breathe trumps another child\'s "right" to have a pb&j lunch.  peanut butter is cheap, but so are many other things.  if a school can actually have a separate eating area complete with proper ventilation, then by all means, have the separate areas for eating. i\'ve never been in a school that had that.',1
'lovely!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'i want free bullets...it\'ll make range visits a lot cheaper...',1
'yes, the clown should have been fired. he took it a little too far and used bad judgment on this one. he used racist comments and  they were highly unnecessary. there are other good jokes about both ladies that he could have used instead of racist ones.',1
'oh, yes, the lawsuits.  i forgot to mention how stupid it is to even bring that up.  i realize what people should and should not put up with.  if you think for one second that i never withstood what people call "sexual harassment" you are crazy.  what i was able to do was discern what was actual harassment and what was boys being boys.  perhaps what mbi should have done was to stand up to the guy and call him out on his behavior and let him know she wasn\'t going to put up with it.  all she accomplished by leaving was....nothing.  he will just treat the next person the same way.  her boss wouldn\'t have given 2 **** about her scathing e-mail.',1
'many and too many got jailed',1
'tee knight , i am going to ignore you, but to   nanaofskyematt and peendog, what i see is a congress , who admittedly made it their agenda  , not to allow any thing that this man tries to accomplsh to go  thru or to even come to the table with it ... this is the same congress  that put president obama\'s name on an out house , now you tell me , when was the last time you heard that happening to any other president?  and he was right for apologizing for it because so many of americans watched that disgusting film and laughed about it... it was wrong, and as a country we should acknowledge that it was wrong.... and mr peen dog, what you are feeling now it the reverberating disaster left behind by reagen, george bush, and george w. bush.... they screwed us all , but you are perfectly okay with blaming their mess on president obama...',1
'what does obama call lunch with a convicted felon??     a fund raiser!',1
'"back in the day" we would say, if you remember it, you didn\'t do it right.',1
'peanut allergies for children are no joke! sending a kid to school who has even a mild peanut allergy is like slowly killing them with poison. even in the air it can be deadly to some kids with the worst immune responses. i should know... i am a mother to a child who is allergic to peanuts. if anyone wishes to know more about this subject i highly recommend visiting faan.org (the food allergy and anaphylaxis network)    however... banning peanuts is not practical or constitutionally fair. what is worse is that most parents do not understand their children\'s rights concerning the allergen. all children with severe food allergies in schools should have a 504 plan that helps them deal with their safety and reactions and all adults involved with that child should be informed of the plan and the consequences of not adhering to it.    most importantly i think that schools need to be more open to the idea of home schools as an option for these children. with enough support from the school system, parents may be more willing and able to provide home instruction to their ',1
'fair and balanced tax code would be nice if you could understand it....are you really stupid enough to think that i am trying to make a political statement here......this is about government coercion and corruption no matter what the party affiliation',1
'who is blake lively?',1
'you mean like the one the gop got a egyptian guy from ca  to make and then put on youtube to piss arabs off? hmmmm....',1
'i am white but i think michelle is far better looking than ann.',1
'to republican1: and how would that have looked, if the us president and his wife wouldn\'t have been "representing" at the olympics, for support of their us team. all other countries\' leaders were there.',1
'hey mod, isn\'t this post a cruel racial joke?',1
'honestly, and i am a republican, i jsut do not see that as fair, it does place an unfair burden on the working poor and middle class. yes, the government should spend way less, but having a graduated scale is the only way to go if done thoughtfully. everyone should pay someting, but if you make say 1m per year, i don\'t seee how your \'quality of life\' will be greatly affected by taking home 750k. if you make 50k, you are struggling with everyday expenses, now take away 12,500.00 and be left with 37.5k of disposable income. the math of a flat tax, after studying it to a great extent is really not fair at all. now could we \'flatten\' out the tax curve? perhaps that is what we need to look at.',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'i say let\'s all say racists things like money grubbing jews, mormon cultistss, red neck sotherners - sister daters.     ok with me.but be prepared for a barage',1
'ssssome people\'ss call it a train\'sss but me and mikey\'s call it a four track, yum yummy, four of his boyssss line up and take turnssss phucking and ssspanking himsss ummm.',1
'well, think about it, hoss.....how many white people do you see in an average national geographic mag?  now do you get the racist part of this jackwagon\'s joke?    personally, mrs. obama is a mighty mighty fine first lady.  both of the obamas make me happy i\'m an american.    vote for obama!',1
'if these children are so delicate that peanut breath can harm them then yes they need to stay away from other people! if my child was that allergic i would keep them home at all costs! it\'s irresponsible to think otherwise.',1
'she is an idiot.......',1
'wait a minute...this guy is a police officer. dont they get free donuts somewhere? he needs to shut up before they stop giving away free stuff to cops.',1
'lol steven! i was thinking something about the same, but you beat me to it. thanks!',1
'everyone has allergies.  a lot of these so called allergies to peanut butter and peanuts are parent caused with over protective parents that convince their kids they have that.   not all, but many.  there weren\'t all these allergies 10 years ago.  so they have to be coming from somewhere or someone.  if you convince me i am allergic to something, my mind can cause my body to react when i am exposed.',1
'you are pathetic, you inbred, damned near illiterate b_itch, lolololololol',1
'omg!  what a hall monitor!  good for you skippy!  it\'s called freedom of speech and if you don\'t like reading the posts then turn off your computer and go change your diaper.',1
'that doesnt even look good. no, i am not a donut fan so yucky...',1
'yea, that might be true, i to have cut corners my whole life but if i\'ve paid into social security for 40years. you can bet your sweet a** i want and deserve social security. hey, you want to cut me out of it. fine, just give me back all the money i put in for 40years and we\'ll call it even.',1
'so you repeat the joke and now it\'s not racist, right?  this country is so politically correct now that nobody can take a frigging joke, especially liberal hypocrites.  bill mahr can disgustingly joke about conservatives all day and he never gets fired, but watch your step if its blacks (can i say that now?) your joking about.',1
'actually, the joke is really funny if you understand why it was national geographic.  lighten up and get a sense of humor.',1
'what???!!!! absolutely, and he should be blackballed from employment in any other rodeo.',1
'who went and rebuilt iraq can you tell me? does the name haliberton mean anything to you? who was and probally the heard of this company and who also sits on the board > this company made billions from you the taxpayer to rebuild.  does the name bush and chainy mean anything look it up my friend',1
'honestly. no i dont like obama at all .but being the president over all does meen he deserves some sort of respect. no i may not like him but theres nothing i can do about it',1
'there are people who are allergic to virtually all foods.  search tylor savage story.  by simple extrapolation, we should ban all food from schools?    no, actually tylor simply knows not to eat his classmates food.    pick your food allergy - same story.  we live in a silly world.',1
'or just visit your local zoo for 1/1000 the cost',1
'@karen smith. pb&j is one of the worst food choices u can make for kids. they are full of fat and sugar and have vey little nutritional value esp. with white bread. quit feeding your kids all that crap! this is why the us is full of obese kids and adults.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you are so right ! i also came from a very abusive family and i know what a pet can do for someone.  i hope your live is always filled with love & joy.   i just loss my 4 and dog patty>> and i miss her very must.. but she won\'t be my last. i always say, god has a very special place in hell for any one that hurts a animal.  hope you get other one to love.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'since you mentioned it...... i didnt think it was about being rappers, i automatically knew yall racist sobs called them garbage bc they were black.... you dont know them to call them garbage? because only young dumb black kids with tattoos would do something like that right?!!..... last i checked young dumb kids period do stupid things like that.  yall so ignorant.  they have families or people who think that bc they did stupid things their lives were still taken too soon.',1
'of course it was racist, because it couldn\'t just be a joke....we are in some deep sh*t in this country, and it\'s going to be stinkly and hard to dig out of it...pathetic excuse for an attack on a traditionally conservitive crowd/event/sport      the joke on michelle was no more or less race driven than the joke on ann...but when you\'re up sh*t creek, you grab hold of anything that keeps you from sinking deeper lol',1
'you are a ****',1
'rip off from the movie half baked when he quits the burger place.  first four lines are a direct quote.  nice try.',1
'this is one of the best shows to hit the airwaves in a long time!  shonda rhimes is amazing at creating the best characters and storylines!!!!',1
'to all you republicans who make under $100,000 a year. the republican party does not like you either!!! lol. poor **** people thinking rich people are concerned about you. get real',1
'first thought was that she should get her own affairs in order before she starts worrying about anyone else’s…   but second thought was that, although accused (with plenty of pictures to publicize), amanda has not had her “day in court”, and thus why would she have done jail time at this point?   they are both train-wrecks though and both need some serious s help dealing with reality or whatever “mental issues” they may have.',1
'there\'s only 2000 square miles in all of holland  there are  150 sq miles in just the city limits of portland  and holland\'s population density is extremely light  while portland is extremely heavy. holland has very few automobiles the bicycle is a standard form of transportation there,not so in portland. america will never depend on the bicycle holland  never had many automobiles to compete with bikes. i spent 8 months in amsterdam in 2001 and never got used to the bicycles as transportation while some of the people in our office commuted 14 miles each way everyday rain or shine on bikes, that seemed like insanity to me. even so very few in holland own cars or even have a drivers license there\'s no possible way to compare holland. to anyplace in the usa. i live in a small college town even here we have few if any who use bicycles for everyday transportation if you realise that there are more automobiles registered in multnomah  county than in  the whole country of holland. holland has always had bikes for  everyday transportation, no city in the us ever will. bikes are safe in holland they aren\'y here, very few motorists here are willing to accomidate them. it ain\'t gonna happen h',1
'wanna fight about it?',1
'exactly him and michelle very intelligent sweet human beings!',1
'leave it to msn to attempt to trash the boy scouts of america, just because the organizations charter doesn\'t allow for a gay scout master.',0
'how did children from the \'40\'s & \'50\'s survive without a gov\'t nanny to look over them and stop them from playing with m-80\'s,in the chicken coop, next to cliffs almost, gasp, 20\' high, how did we live thru\' riding our bikes after dusk without headlights - actually some of us used dad\'s flashlights, how, how, how?       and now most of us are in better health than those who have been nannied thru the \'90\'s & \'00\'s, it\'s because we built uo a natural immunity to disease and our lives are longer than our peers who were nannied by moms & gov.',1
'thanx filth about time',1
'wow, so only white bigots are stupid? what about the likes of farrakhan (sp), jackson, cochran etc... thsea are (were) some of the biggest bigots to ever get on a public pulpit! oh and stupid they are/were!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'social security would be much more solvent if all of a persons income was subject to taxation.  presently ssi taxes are only assessed on the first $115,000 (or so) of income someone makes.  so if, for example, you are a professional athlete making $10 million a year, you don\'t pay taxes on the vast majority of your income.  same can be said for any person making huge yearly pay checks.  tax all income and see how far out into the future that social security stays viable.',1
'no. it\'s a joke, a soap opera, whatever you want to call it.',1
'a jurk is a jurk, white, black or republican!!',1
'anyone who thinks that it is ok to show a complete lack of respect for our first family is showing a lack of respect for all americans.  use your head for something other than keeping your ears apart. you don\'t do and say things like this for the same reason that you don\'t make fat jokes about your mother.... while it might seem funny on one hand, the lack of respect reflects badly on you.   i don\'t care if you voted for barack obama or not.  he is the president...... our president.  it\'s ok if you work your hardest to replace him.... until that happens, you owe it to your country to act like you belong here and to show respect.  if, god forbid, romney should win the upcoming election, the same respect should be granted to him.  it\'s not the man, it\'s the office and what it stands for that matters.',1
'thank you jack for to be a miracle, i have a labrador blind too i love my dog, he is all to me, i really worried about him, i was so scared but now you jack to give me a big lesson god bless you . i am so proud you. miss margaret thank you for take care and to be so kind , you too give me a big lesson. daisy. : )',1
'and this is worthy news to report? it is the people who report on this dribble that keep it alive.',1
'i think it was a joke.  it was not hypocrisy.  the first lady is well known for her anti-obesity "just move" initiative and i\'m pretty sure she was teasing gabby.  i\'m conservative and not a big fan of the first lady, but her pro-fitness and exercise stance is one thing i admire.  i am sick of liberals blatantly taking conservatives out of context, so let\'s not be as bad as them.',1
'you are all idiots!',0
'i know where im going for breakfast tomarrow.',1
'your flag is your religion!!!!!!!!  do you think anyone should take seriously a comment from someone who doesn\'t have enough sense to use the spell check button?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'your best friend is a w h or e!',1
'hey deemed, i see "you" are back! i just got back from up the coast and i see you have returned. do you really think this is an attempt by the government to do something? i would think that to be effective, they would ned to release it in the middle, right and left coast\'s. some years ago, my in law contacted a superbug mrsa, do i think that was an attempt at changing the election results? hardly.',1
'this is american and we are blessed with free speech which is becoming blocked more and more every day. hell it was a joke, if they had left king obama\'s  wife\'s $50 dollar offer out nobody would be saying anything. it\'s that you can\'t say anything about a black or muslim, but whites and every other ethnic group is fine to joke about. it might of been bad taste but not an offense to be fired for.',1
'lying on the couch watching dog food commercials...seriou  ​ sly, she loves \'em',1
'if they fire him, they should fire jason biggs too.  why is it only one sided outrage.',1
'because, they don\'t know any better.',1
'eating and taking walks.  he is the best - makes me keep going down the next path until  i am worn out.  good for my body and soul.',1
'nope he should not have been  fired..freedom of speech unless forbidden by something in a contract he had to sign.if so,and he violated, then yes fire him.',1
'bamm !',1
'keeping a car for at least 12 yrs with no car payment has allowed us to save up and pay cash for the next one.  interest will cost several thousand over 5 yrs of payments.',1
'how can you respect a lier in chief and someone that is taking out rights away from us everyday',1
'i think there is a difference between racism and poor taste or bad judgment...',1
'i\'ve got stuck in the middle of a 1980\'s race riot, we as americans need to get past this.  its so sad that we are still fighting ourselves, leave it in the past and move forward as a country united not divided.',1
'michelle obama should be the bigger man and point to the clowns 2nd ammendment right to free speech.',1
'hell no there to many of them',1
'us europeans are better than you losers americans, but your sisters , moms and daughters do love a man with an accent. i am french and spanish imbecile. your lack of education is showing moron. 25th in the world and falling every day......',1
'and while you\'re at it, you should fine the teachers responsible for teaching you how to spell!',1
'she apparently has a happy outlook in life despite the odds. that\'s what bullies feed on. bullies can\'t stand to see how possible it is for any individual to feel happy when they are rotting inside with self hatred and unhappiness. so naturally, everyone around them must feel the same way and they frequently sees to it. i wish her all the best.',1
'try route 100 in vermont!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!',1
'roland, it\'s very obvious that you know it all!  so please, do this.....stay out of the way!',1
'there is no higher intellect. the most intelligent thing these people do is sit at home on their **** and post racist remarks on the internet. i bet it makes them feel really smart.',1
'this reminds of my dog, rush. he was a white, beautiful german shepard, that i had raised.  i lived with my parents and moved away to college. one day, as i was talking to my father, on the phone, he put the phone to rush\'s ear, so i could say hi to him. that night, rush ran away and was never found again. i really suspect he took off looking for me.   just to be safe, i don\'t talk to any of my pets, through the phone, anymore!',1
'romney will come in 2nd place in november. not bad! lol',1
'this is so sad.  journalism seems to have lost even more integrity.  i find it discouraging that whoever wrote this article thought that it would be a good idea to close with a joke.  this is not funny in any sense.  there is a young boy whose parents are besides themselves over this.  parents aren\'t supposed to have to bury their children.  the writer should send these parents a letter of apology.  how much more unfeeling can we get as a society.',1
'hey liberal.  go join your ows cronies.  we don\'t need people like you here.',1
'the tipping point is quickly approaching. when you have almost 50% of a nation that are not paying into the system at all!!! when that number hits 51%, democracy as we know it ends because the takers and teet-suckers will just keep voting themselves more and more money from the producers and hard-workers of the nation. goodnight and goodbye america. it was a good run and i\'m glad i was a part of the greatest nation at it\'s greatest time, but simply put, we are doomed.',1
'what is the matter here? can\'t anyone say anything without someone playing the racist card?  our president is using this as a misdirected ploy to insert his race (half black) into this election  if romney had said anything like "white folks get out and vote" .he would be labeled as a rat, scoundrel, bigot and racist. i haven\'t decided who to vote for but lets talk about real issues and not this crap.',1
'save the drama retard...i bet you pop prescription pills, which are worse than anything. marijuana is safe and natural.',0
'trump       your medication is calling.       see this is where ignorant americans like you loose their minds when something is said that you don\'t like.       give it to the civil liberty pukes, naacp pukes, and human rights pukes. we are commenting on a story written in the free press, only dumb americans in these organizations and you want to hush the opinions of the free thinkers. some commments on here have been over the top, but they are just comments.       ',1
'not only no, but hell no !!!',1
'when i was a teenager, the family had a german shepherd. i\'d throw or bat a tennis ball onto the roof of our house (two stories high), and the big fella would catch it on the fly coming down. great coordination, plus jaws and teeth of steel to do that trick!!!',1
'why should my child not  be allowed to have a pb$j? it\'s no ones business but mine and my childs.  as well too how much soda i drink, that\'s my business. if i want a triple bacon cheese burger, that\'s my business. if it offends someone, i\'ll take to my home, but i eat and drink what i choose.  eat your sandwich sweet heart, it\'s good for you.',1
'fast and furious, nobama care, slyndra, birth cert., college transcripts, obama and biden\'s off shore money accounts, billions going to countries that hate us and this story gets released. its no wonder the sheep in this country are marching toward socialism just like europe. how about a story on where this country is going? how about a story on how greece, spain and europe got where they are?',1
'i think it\'s stupid that they use a freaked out looking hippy for this debate. most medical users are normal responsible adults seeking relief from chronic pain, and it\'s a much healthier alternative than popping prescription painkillers, which i\'m sure the naysayers do. go ahead, pop your pills and antidepressants and make pharmaceutical companies rich while you ruin your health and destroy your liver. marijuana has none of these effects.',1
'is austin not considered a college town?  it must be too big or clearly it would be on this list.',1
'if warren buffet only pays 11% tax, how much does he pay all of his accountants to find every loophole in the tax structure so he doesn\'t pay much?  the rest of us can\'t afford to hire these tax attornies (probably in the millions)to pay the minimum amount.  if he wants to pay more, let him pony up the 40% of his earnings like he wants everyone else to pay.',1
'national geographic, like she was some primitive',1
'i don\'t think that the "black vote" got obama his job.  there were a lot of white votes out there also.  now the states are changing how the voting is done to keep the blacks from voting in the next election. i don\'t think you will have anything to worry about, in about 50 days it will be over!!!! we take who ever wins the game.',1
'congressman j.c.watts (republican from oklahoma 1995-2003) was as racist as they come. google or bing him to find out his race.',1
'@there is a difference, from having an intolerance to eating certain foods and having a possibly fatal allergy just from touching the food, or even the residue from the food.     i don\'t really agree with taking the kids food away. i hope they gave him something else to eat! but i think that with things like that it needs to be the parent and child\'s responsibility to protect themselves and not every other parent and child who pack lunches responsibility.  i\'m sure the school is just scared they will be sued if something happens to an allergic kid, and i\'m sure the parents would sue, knowing people today!',0
'don\'t go out for long periods of time! and don\'t go places without proper facilities! what a joke!',1
'thinning the herd....',1
'by the way...i would rather spend a day with her than a month with kim k!',1
'class warfare?  well who lied to us about the value of our credit scores, took every penny they could get, then foreclosed on our homes?  who effectively bankrupted our government with massive welfare payments so they could avoid the consequences of their bad decisions?  (oh, wait, it\'s only welfare if the recipients are poor, if they\'re rich it\'s a "bailout".  sorry.)  why are those who work for a living the "enemy"?  (heard any slurs against unions lately?)  who said americans are lazy, unproductive, & overpaid, then took our jobs overseas?  americans, the ones i know, are almost all hard working folks who put in more hours than their overseas counterparts.  there are exceptions, but they tend to be the spoiled offspring of the prosperous.  lord folks, americans are the most productive people in the known universe.  we spread super higways accross the entire nation.  we\'ve built more than a score of supercarriers.  we put a man on the moon, we\'ve put several men on the moon, & brought them all back safely. ',1
'i can\'t post the site. read the highlights below:     has decided that the nobel peace prize for 2009 is to be awarded to president barack obama for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples. the committee has attached special importance to obama\'s vision of and work for a world without nuclear weapons.     obama has as president created a new climate in international politics. multilateral diplomacy has regained a central position, with emphasis on the role that the united nations and other international institutions can play. dialogue and negotiations are preferred as instruments for resolving even the most difficult international conflicts. the vision of a world free from nuclear arms has powerfully stimulated disarmament and arms control negotiations. thanks to obama\'s initiative, the usa is now playing a more constructive role in meeting the great climatic challenges the world is confronting. democracy and human rights are to be strengthened. ',1
'lol @ how msn adds "we\'d forgotten about" when they don\'t like what he\'s saying.',1
'the child is allergic.  they know this.  why didn\'t they ask what was in this food that the other child offered to them?  i\'m sorry, but this is out of control.  it\'s up to the allergic kids to find out what\'s in the food around them and then avoid that kind of situation.  peanuts are not going away just because a small percentage of the population is allergic to it.',1
'don rinkles ,run for ur life!!!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'unless you have won a huge multi-millions lottery. then burning bridges is ok!',1
'84% of all wounds sustained by our troopssince 2001 have come during obamas reign.  70% of all troop deaths in afghanistan since 2001 happened under obama..could it be that the sissy "rules of engagement" enacted by appeaser n chief are costing lives! do your job media!! shame on you lap dogs',1
'so this is what the road to prosperity is like. i feel better now. not!!',1
'black don\'t crack baby i bet your hillbilly wife with no teeth won\'t be looking like that at michelle\'s age!',1
'sounds like it\'s all about the possible lawsuits, and not worth the liability. worked at a kid facility that had strict policies concerning parents making it known about  any food allergy their child has, and bright wristbands and back labels were issued for the allergy sufferer. system worked very well. one parent failed to follow guidelines, child got sick, parent sued, parent won, even though is was total parent failure, poor child. loopholes all over the place. parent will win, now facility has no peanut policy, for that reason alone.',1
'good deal, next up should be cocaine, heroin, meth, etc, etc.  why stop there how about legalizing assault, rape, murder, let\'s make it all legal.  there would be no one in jail if nothing was illegal.  come ever body, how about we live in chaos, should be a blast!',1
'i think they should make a table or two peanut free zones but to ban it out right just seems nuts!',1
'so what you\'re saying is the majority in the school system need to make an allowance for your kid. do you even know how idiotic you sound? keep your kid at home and school them there. my kids shouldn\'t have to watch what they eat just because yours do. life ain\'t fair sistah. should we pad all the corners in the world for the blind? eliminate stairs completely for those confined to wheelchairs? buy a clue woman, stop being such an imbecile.',1
'cleo       comments like that, you actually wonder white blacks receive little respect in this country.        the problem for you is this, cleo you sabotaging for fellow co-workers at burger king won\'t affect the whites that much. additional problem, most of your co-workers are mexican who don\'t speak english so you won\'t get to far.',1
'awe com-on folks....that is funny, why can\'t we enjoy a little off color jokes?',1
'may 18, 1980.',1
'neal, you sound like a troll against this proposed law!!  and i\'m fairly sure some of your comment is erroneous.',1
'the blacks riot for any preconceived reason. they were the only ones that rioted during the great depression in saint louis missouri, guess they thought they had it worse than the rest of the nation.',1
'truth be told, if you are liberal and you are talking, you are lieing. what a dog you are.',1
'zira was shorter, i\'d say she looks more like ursus',1
'farewell email? what kind of douche sends a farewell email? did this man, or woman, say anything these people did not already know?',1
'hyundai !!!!  buy one today, best warranty in the business. made in alabama, montgomery to be exact great vehicles for fine folks don\'t be a fool getcha one. time marches on and if you aren\'t careful it\'ll pass you by...',1
'i going to go off subject just a little bit here, although we are talking comedians and all, so not too far off.    i\'ve been wondering what it might look like if david letterman made a  top 10 list  of people that pres. obama will giving presidential pardons to when he leaves office.    any suggestions people?',1
'how would you feel if there was a kid in your child class who was allergic to the sun! and your kid was forced to sit inside in the dark all day, would that make you happy ! or are you only concerned because this minority issue now falls in your lap.',1
'just tell your kid who are allergic to stop stealing other kids sandwiches.  what happened to "its a free country"?',1
'being aware of how dangerous a peanut allergy is, i think the school should have notified parents that the use of peanut butter might endanger another student. as a parent, i would not have put a pb&j sandwich in my child\'s lunch if i knew how it would affect another student.',1
'did you bother to keep your skills up to date (doesn\'t sound like it)?  did you save any money when you were at the top of your game?  sounds like you bet that your job would be there forever.  oops.',1
'@jbird "it\'s certainly legal for alcohol users to kill their brain cells with booze, alcohol is far worse than weed could ever be."  this is why legalizing weed scares me!    the argument is because something is more harmful the weed, weed should be legal.omg that is insane and hilarious.',1
'i so very much agree !',1
'she sure showed my wife new ways to spend money !',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'well i guess a real sport where there is real competition, where they still honor the flag and the troops that fight for it, and still have a prayer before the event instead of a bunch of criminals chasing a ball around, just isn\'t sophisticated enough for some!',1
'people tear her down to feel better about themselves... they\'re the ugly ones.',1
'having something like this happen usually does make the relationship stronger if it was strong to begin with.  this usually makes each party realize not to take the other person for granted.  relationships are  hard enough without being in the public eye and everyone wanting to know your business.  i\'m happy if they got back together.  the uniquely look like they do love each other.  so now can we move on.....',1
'let\'s see. the repubs want to cut education...........  ​ ...',1
'wow! now i\'m wondering how the hell all those allergic to peanuts got by without any reaction to others in the lunchroom at school, where i grew up? many of the kids i knew were all packin pb&j into the cafateria back in the 60s. peanut allergy was an unheard of, back then. had no idea sensitivity and proximity to a nut is actually an issue.',1
'how come valarie jarret gets full secret service details while on martha\'s vineyards, and this poor amb. stevens gets none out in libya?????? obama you f-ed up big time.',1
'don\'t write the government a check, open businesses and hire workers.',1
'so if this is racist, why is o.k. for a black person, (mostly gang members) to call other black people their n _ _ _ ers?. sorry folks, but no matter how wrong it is, it\'s just part of living in the real world and not behind closed doors like alot of folks pretend to be behind. if everyone was so concerned about racial jokes, why do we allow publishers to print racial joke books found in any book store?',1
'so is every dog i have owned since i was eight ( i am 52).  how can you blame msnow?  thank god i got my sheppard behr, he is one of the best dogs i have ever had out of the 4 other dogs.  you need to grow up big time.',1
'are the only beautiful fall colors on the east coast, west coast, colorado, and arizona?  how about the midwest, oklahoma and arkansas?',1
'it never ceases to amaze me how little respect this country has for this president and his family. the blatant racism expressed here has reached frequency and levels i can\'t  tolerate. i\'m done with msn and it\'s supported chats.',1
'how about your ignorant ****.... old **** annn romney.. at least she\'s not old.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'if you question if the "joke" is racist, you really didn\'t get the intent of identifying ng as the magazine. the "joke" was in poor taste, but he had every right to express himself. likewise, his employer has every right to terminate him. just because we have private rights does not mean we can do whatever we want without consequence.',1
'no, we still have freedom of speech in this country, bad taste ,that depends on the audience. if any  one took the time to look back at the comedians of yesterday, who were funny, not like todays dead  beats. they wove into their acts comedy bits aimed at everyone, the audiences understood & loved  most of it. to-day we have the "language police". whatever is said is condemned by them, as sammy  davis once said, "if they don\'t make jokes about you, then they don\'t give a damn about you".                                                                                                                   h.flax',1
'i am the parent of a child with a nut allegy and i would like to address a few of the things said here.     i understand kids like their pb&j but i don\'t think its unreasonable for them to wait until they go home to have one. there are plenty of alternatives. i know peanut butter is cheap but we have had financial problems in the past to but have managed to keep our kid fed and healthy for 10 years without ever having had a peanut butter sandwich.     the woman who said her boyfriend was willing to let her eat what she wanted and take the chance, thats very noble of him but my child doesn\'t have a choice in a crowded school lunchroom.     as for having these kids eat in another lunchroom, i don\'t know where your kid goes to school but most schools don\'t ha',1
'frankly we all bare responsibility for the economic failure of our system.  i\'m no different than most and at 53 i know i will have to work as long as i can.  i have lowered my expectations.  if i can retire to an apartment and get three squares a day and keep my old car running i will count myself lucky. some things we can do... first step...vote out all incumbents.  second step...institute term limits.  third step... allow us to immediately opt out of social security.  mandate that we must invest that same amount into 401k\'s.  fourth step...shoot the first idiot politician who deploys our armed forces to foreign soil ever again.  we cant afford it anymore.  we will pay dearly for a generation due to the damage done to 100,000 families in this country by sustained combat operations 2003 to 2013. no easy answers anymore.  ruby ridge is starting to look good now.',1
'you drinking milk won\'t cause a neighboring kid to have an allergic reaction, but peanuts very likely can.  it\'s nice to know that you consider your child\'s "right" to eat what they want to be more important than the life of a classmate.',1
'what the hell are you talking about codger? a little self righteous there? all the racist replies and you pick mine to take issue with because i say i would like to see a pretty woman nude?.......get over yourself.       i fixed the little typo for you.',1
'that\'s what happens when you implement  socialized health care. i\'m sure he has learned from his mistake unlike the potus we have for now.',1
'racism is based in fear.  fear that you are not really that great of a person.  you try to lift yourself up by putting others down.  the easiest way is to say "i may be a stupid, ignorant rodeo clown, but i am better than the president and his wife, only because i happened to be born white."   no personal accomplishment needed!  how convenient for you.  sorry, racisits are a dying breed.  if you want to raise your kids to chase after a hopeless fantasy, which will lead to a frustrating and unhappy life, by all means teach them to be racist.  you have to wonder who would really want that for their children....',1
'if the kid has no allergy to nut products, what is the problem ?  however, on a purely nutritional level - good chance the white flour, sugars and various other chemical constituents of that sandwhich might be cause for concern.',1
'what makes someone a true american? remember this country was founded by a man looking for spices but named after someone who claimed to have found it first. infringed upon by people seeking religious freedom who systematically murdered over 90% of the native population. this country was stolen by thieves and now it is ran by criminals...so if we need a "true american" in the white house, by all means, elect mitt romney. his "american" dream that we all can have a house on a private golf course like papa john is in reach of everybody! all you have to do is ask your parents for $50,000 to fund your college education and we can all get rich.',1
'dave chapelle and chris rock can talk about white people all they want on tv. they even have black entertainment television, but it\'s not racist...there\'s so many double standards when it comes to this crap.',1
'that was a totally racist remark and he definitely should have been fired. he has freedom of speech but he should remember he is free to make racist comments but he is dom because he lost respect and his job.',1
'california does have some nice fall foliage, even southern california.  it just occurs later - mid-november to christmas is the peak period as the nights don\'t get cold enough until then.  unlike back east, southern california only has a few species that change color but all of them do change at the same time.  the chinese pistache trees will turn a brilliant red especially in places like oak glen (in the mountains near san bernardino) and the central coast, which has colder nights than southern california.  however, there are a lot of palm trees and evergreens that don\'t change color.',1
'but....moochelle obama is a food nazi and policies like this are popping up all over the place since she started her rants.  look at the bs in nyc over soda pop and how big a cup you should be allowed to purchase.       one and done.',1
'get over the birther crap already & get real. the cheats r the republicans wi/ their voting restrictions & gerrymandering voting districts- which is why these cases r in court right now.  yes-clint, while he\'s made some great movies he is just another example of an angry old straight white male in usa. same ole story.',1
'nope, joke was funny and no one in public view should be immune to jokes',1
'there needs to be some meeting of the minds here.  pb&j\'s are pretty much a staple for lunch boxes, small children and even some adults.  this has gone too far.  peanut allergies are bad, for sure but why punish the whole school?',1
'once again....   ...no amount taken from the very successful (even everything they have) is going to solve taxation policy. the problem is that obama, with some success, has cast this as an issue of fairness. even this article is using fairness as a "stalking horse" to cue this debate. taxes are about how we pay the bills! right now, even with the federal government soaking up twenty-five percent of the gross domestic product, the idiot in chief can\'t pay the bills! the national debt just exceeded sixteen trillion dollars and we are nearly at the point where every dollar collected won\'t even pay the interest on this mind boggling figure.     nobody pays more for something than it is worth, unless they are duped or they are stupid. right now, government is not worth the price being paid by most taxpayers and that is because too few people are pulling the "little red wagon" and too many people are along for the ride. no amount of overtaxing anybody solves this problem.we need more tasxpayers and ',1
'well said',1
'i dream of it ~ making it a goal !',1
'let us compare apple with an apple...def rih!!! ...just ask whose music makes you dance and you keep on hearing it everywhere not only in a white neighborhood...',1
'being homosexual does not automatically make you a child molester. just as being a child molester doesn\'t make you homosexual.    being a child molester makes you a child molester.    they shouldn\'t have covered it up regardless.  child molesters should be put in jail to rot.',1
'perhaps after a period of calm love, we are getting older when they reached old age, how i missed the former love, i personally saw the elderly around in desperation to regain the love. now you can search----- "luvsenior"----- also the same as the year has to find what you want. you should remember that senior personals find true love. it is never to late to fall in love.',0
'i agree with both 9_incher and gery rogers. obvisouly, some allergies are extremely acute. but psychosomatic and changing allergies are a fact too. i was told i was allergic to walnuts, becuase i ate some walnuts and vomited them up immediately and violently  as a small child. actually, the bread the walnuts were in was probably just spoiled. i eat a handful of walnuts now, and i just enjoy them. allergies so acute that they kill are 1:1,000,000 or more in rarity.',1
'lol wow.....immature or what!?! hahahahaha did i rattle some nerves here or what?',1
'of course not... i think is a very funny joke !!!!! hahhahahahh',1
'kids will share and this could have been deadly. come on people!! the school probably had a ban on peanuts in the school after an allergic little girl was given a peanut by a friend while in school in virginia. i applaud their stance in making sure the students are safe. there are more lunch staples than peanut butter.',1
'they need to ban milk, eggs and fish in this case also. get a clue administrators of schools, you cannot try to control the lives of every school child to the point of placing them in a prison like environment.',1
'no, he should not have been fired,  though it was in very poor taste to both ladies....but he should have saved it for an audience that would embrace, tolerate, and appreciate such hate like,              "the republican klan rally"!!!',1
'bae44: life is politics. if obama gets another 4 years, msn can run those very same pictures again, but with the new headline of: "best back roads to escape the maurading hordes"',1
'sure nelson,its already ok to kill any baby of your choosing... why not adults also....',1
'dietdew -- i agree, although it seems, since there is already a nut ban, why do we need more? what we need is more nut ban police for enforcement.      \'sorry, senator. this is a nut free zone. you have to leave\'.',1
'this year in virginia, a child died of anaphylaxis caused by a food containing peanuts given to her by another child! this is why schools ban peanut products. since then, virginia passed legislation requiring all school to carry epi-pens.',1
'wow - boy, do you have some issues.',1
'huh?  i always am befuddled at what the motivation is for this whole master plan people like you believe in....  he isn\'t an avid money hungry capitalist... so profit and money doesn\'t fit.  he has as much power as the world can give as president of the us.... what exactly is it you think he\'s after?  a chapter in the history books as the supreme prime evil?  wtf is the source of the paranoid fantasy you have built up for yourself?  what is his reward?  he makes sure america will fail in order to... what?  i think you\'ve been listening to too much glenn beck.  you do realize he himself makes fun of the ppl who listen to his crazy nonsense, right?  his personal entertainment is watching what outlandish bs he can get his nut sack swinging listeners to buy into.',1
'my grandson was extremely allergic to just about everything. if milk dripped on his skin it would look like he had third degree burns. the solution for my daughter was to educate her son, not the rest of the world. thankfully he\'s outgrown the extreme reactions.',1
'so interesting (and telling) that most dems replies cite mitt\'s positions or policies or lack of disclosure and most repubs replies usually include a derogatory comment about the person\'s looks and/or racial background.',1
'regardless of whether he should be fired or not, an administrative decision was made to that effect. his joke was an offense to all women (and honorable men) - including his mother and those women in his life to whom he is expected to show respect. many jokesters, in my opinion, have little tolerance when the joke is turned upon their loved ones and, then, suddenly - they too are offended. maybe, but unlikely, "the clown" will have learned an important lesson from this blunder. we know from experience that handing a microphone to some politicians will produce similar results, so why express surprise when a rodeo clown blurts out an offensive, thoughtless remark?',1
'this is just the beginning folks.   washington is telling us what to eat.  soon our they will tell us how much heat we can have in the winter and cool in the summer.   too much government control.  i do sympathize with peanut allergy students.  however,  i worked in a school for 15 years without any rules about sandwhiches or food.  no one died or it did not put anyone in danger.   we did have peanut allergy children in the school.   the hot lunch program was fully aware of it.  good god people.  our government has practically shut down fast food restraunts.  get ready for 4 more years of telling us what our lives should be like.   if he gets voted in for a second term then people,.....it is our own darn fault.  this story sickens me.   take away food from a baby.  shame.   shame on all of them,',1
'i didn\'t bother with an email.  i just said what i wanted them to hear!  i worked for a couple who thought they were above everyone else, and when it came time to part ways because i was too outspoken - surprise!.  i told her she thought she was a princess and we were her royal subjects, and i told him he was whipped and needed to grow a pair.  i asked him if he ran his house or ran around it?  needless to say after that we were done.  it was the best thing that ever happened to me.',1
'i wish i had the energy!',1
'no!  have you ever watched tv?  blacks make fun of whites all the time! why is it that whatever a white says about another race is said to be racest but other races can say anything they want and it is ok.',1
'hey something we agree on!',1
'well, that is what you get for having employees without bosses.      i am sure the boss would have informed them it is illigal to rip up counterfit money on the grounds it is tampering with federal evidence. hellooooo?',1
'evolution is only a theory. the blble speaks the truth in regards to creation. how could evolution be possible if so there would be no more apes and also we (humans)would still be evolving into something else. food for thought',1
'what\'s funny is;     if a child can not pay for his/her lunch the school provides a p.b. &j. sandwich for the child to eat.',1
'yes!! and i will never forget it. i myself has "paid it forward" (is that the expression? i\'m not sure) several times.it\'s amazing how great i feel for doing a good deed for someone who needs help.',1
'maybe it\'s time the fda and other government agencies stopped shutting down all the alternative healing methods just because it won\'t make them the big $$$ and start embracing medicines and natural healing methods that could save countless lives.  hardly anyone knows about them because they can\'t say certain things because of all the regulation and fines. stop shoving new vaccines down our throats and let people choose!',1
'i plan on sharing it with a few people. it made me laugh.',1
'running afer a ball in the back yard...',1
'i think everyone is going overboard these days. i agree that there are people that have severe allergies to different things. are we going to ban clothes that are made of latex for those with latex allergies? are we going to ban bread because people have wheat allergies? come on people get real ....we would be going around nude and drinking only water at this rate and not even be able to use soap to wash with because someone would be allergic to that also.   isn\'t it bad enough that ny is banning the size of our drinking cups. it is not your business what choices i make. it is up to me to get off my fat butt and start burning more calories than i ingest after learning proper food choices not you to decide for me.',1
'unfortunately, not all is true, on the internet, or tv.',1
'they can control school offered lunches, not personal meals from home !!!',1
'gotta love your liberal gibberish. these idiots got exactly what they deserved.',1
'stop by anytime the welcome wagon is waiting for you morons. and btw go phukyerself very much.',1
'maybe u r',1
'yes',1
'clearly there was intended as a degrading remark and definately has racist overtones.  if you don\'t see that, you are either in denial, or just plain ignorant.      the creston rodeo board fired the clown.  if nothing else, i am sure it promotes itself as a family friendly event.  if i were there with my kids, i wouldn\'t have appreciated the joke regardless of who it directed at.  i doubt the creston rodeo wants its name involved in this kind of negative publicity.     lastly, this is the first lady we are talking about. lady being the key word.  you may disagree with her politics, but to take a shot like that was unnecessary and ungentlemanly.',1
'yes, its racist and the writer should be dismissed. the magazine should be dismantled and the french should be ashamed of themselves. mrs obama is an accomplished woman. i bet they wouldn\'t have done that to any of the former first ladies. the french seem to be full of stuff all day, every day!!!!!',1
'boy scouts of america...other wise known as nambla. i was in the bsa for one year when i was 13. i never knew why my parents pulled me out until i finished college and dad and i had a disscussion about it. turns out  one of the scout leaders (also a deacon at our curch) had been caught molesting one of the other boys. nothing happened, not sure how or why nothing happened...just did\'nt. unfortunately not all kids had parents like mine, they paid attention to thier kids and stayed involved. and yes both parents worked, dad was in the marines and mom a nurse. but they still made time for me and brother. i for one will not lose any sleep is the bsa dissapears.',1
'hey boy go find a tree to swing in.',1
'i\'m allergic to stupid people, maybe i can encourage this ban at work! =)',1
'the only problem is the outright disrespect for these decent intelligent ppl! if we just treat ppl, as we would want to be treated, then we wouldnt have this problem in america! some just thinkthey can say anything and it flies because they either think they superior, or the majority of the ppl they deal with thinks like this! i am not sure what his point was but why make it, when i am sure he wouldnt want anyone talking of his wife, or mother that way! its uncaused for and ppl we do live in a racist society and its alive and well!',1
'he is a rodeo clown doesn\'t that pretty much sum up his iq?',1
'what is the big concern  about a rodeo clowns joke since the obamas are biggest clowns ever to set foot in the white house..as a matter of fact i am surprised they haven"t changed the name of the white house to the diversity building..........',1
'and ladies, if you die first your husband can decide you don\'t get into heaven. yep, all on him.',1
'oh great. another forum for all the racists in the world to prove what they are.',1
'actually when vince mcmahon took over the industry from his father in the early 90\'s and made it the huge success it is today.he went before the house of congress to explain why his enterprise should\'nt be taxed. stating that wrestling was for entertainment purpose\'s only and that all the events were scripted.congress approved him for tax exemptions saving the industry millions every year.today it\'s a billion a year business and for the most part the training,sacrifice\'s  ​  and commitments these wrestler struggle to achieve are very real inside and outside the ring.as per the political spectrum far removed from the arena mr.mcmahons wife is running for senator..interesting  ​  no less...thugs rule.',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'@glenn shannon: about michele o hating white people ... lol very doubtful but i must say, were it so, she definitely carries herself with more class and respect dispite her feeling than you do. and, by the way, it doesn\'t matter what anyones feelings are for white people, be them good or bad, i still rise above and condem racism. unlike you i don\'t jump all over the oportunity to stoop to a lower level.',1
'the hills will have eyes!!! run the hell away!!!',1
'leave michelle alone! she\'s beautiful, intelligent and she is our first lady- how dare you disrespect her.',1
'sonic13oom, exactly what i was thinking.',1
'bro you have officially confused me.',1
'i\'d have to check school policy, but my daughter wanted to bring a peanut butter sandwich to school last week and told me that she couldn\'t because someone has a severe peanut allergy in her class.  explain to me why she was told that when the school school serves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for lunch.  she understands about allergic reactions to food, as her brother has allergies to wheat, eggs, and peanuts.',1
'why is it everyone\'s buisness? if he wants to forgive her and loves her then let him. i don\'t condone what she did, but everyone has blown this all out of proportion, she didn\'t have sex with the guy, she kissed him, not cool, no, but she did. it\'s no body\'s concern but their own, leave them alone and let them love each other the way they have for the last few years! ugh people, get a life, seriously!',1
'fire him? are you crazy? give this clown a promotion and move him to the big top. of course the sobering thought is he is right on. michelle has a manly body whether the democrats want to admit it or not. besides her rear end should have a wide load sign on it.',1
'this is no more dangerous than the family riding in a car and being taken out  by a careless driver texting.',1
'i never burn my bridges.  i may leave a little to be read between the lines but i\'ve never been nasty in writing.  lol',1
'there is obviously people out there who think as we do, by the way, i agree completely with you! but as the thumbs up and down would indicate it is about a 50-50 split and the tie goes to the runner, the government! it\'s sooo sad, that there are so many lazy and ignorant people who are sooo lazy that they will believe "anything" that the republicans or democrats tell them and will gamble on losing their liberties, rights and freedom rather than too open their eyes and think for themselves, oh, thats right, monday night football is on tonight i guess they will maybe open their eyes tomorrow right?? the only problem is tomorrow will have its own set of distractions and the next day and the next day and before you know it we will either be a fascist oligarchy or a socialist country! and it will be "our own" fault for blindly believing everything we are told.....',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'are you ready to give up your big car and walk?  the middle east has the most oil in town.  gas conversation is public policy and impacts our national security.  walk away from egypt...walk away from the suez canel and walk away to connect the red sea and the mediterranean sea.       understand some geography, history, economics, and politics before making comments!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'the school banned this six years ago. . .so does that make it bush\'s fault?',1
'yes the entire country though sate by state why not i am sure one will hold out until they "the fed" throws in the towel and will support it as it should be now but tit for tat we wait for proper handling of this....',1
'i actually took a different position within the same department and went to work at a different site.  i personally said farewell to those who showed respect for me and my work.  the others did not deserve any type of farewell or any information of my good fortune.  they knew i was gone when i didn\'t show up.  i do not like to send emails for personal messages because sometimes the desired sentiment can come off differently than intended.  i don\'t think telling people off gets you anything.  it sort of brings one down to the level of the offender.  the best revenge is living well.',1
'why is it not racist -because you say so?  what else could this bozo be referring to by inferring that the first lady, who is african-american, should be in nat geo?',1
'well, we\'re close',1
'you might think you\'re joking, but you\'re not!',1
'i think it is wrong whether it\'s a tax supported or private school.    people are people no matter what their sexual orientation is.   i have no problem with gays or lesbians. i know several and they are just   as nice as any other person. i am a christian, i believe in god\'s word.   he is the ultimate judge in the end, not me. i will not judge them or anyone else   for whatever reason. i think the principle is wrong in what he did. if it is a tax supported   school, then someone does need to step in and do something...',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'how can you tell me to respect others when we have so many illegal’s milking our system trashing our property and presidents like obama that want to support them by giving the everything they need including our jobs now this is what you call respectful.',1
'not a surprising comment from someone who refers to themselves as "pookie"',1
'and then they would charge with counter fitting and strike three 99 years to life',1
'microsoft\'s a v8 stock that\'s been running on 6 cylinders. if they can get mobile (wp8 and w8 tablets) and bing search performing then they could fire on all 8 cylinders for a couple of years.',1
'shes cool!  i think that contraption is awesome.  way to be healthy and "green".  you go girl!  pedaling in a dress no less.  :)',1
'since this allergy is starting to affect so many kids, scientists should develop a device that would detect peanut molecules and warn the kid so he/she can steer clear. i think it would be fairly easy to do.',1
'too many kids.',1
'my pittie loves to tear the squeeker out of skeaky toys lol its adorable and loving me plus being the most loyal sweet dog alive. pb4l',1
'limbaugh molesting your children is funny.',1
'just like you do giving tossed salads in the pen',1
'that school is totally nuts.  if they want to ban peanut products from their lunchroom that is one thing, but to tell a parent what to pack in her child\'s lunch is going overboard!',1
'haha! as soon as bynes becomes a repeat offender and bunks her probation, then you can complain. slut.',1
'absolutely!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.                ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'to paraphrase a recent movie: "stupid is as stupid does".  i do believe a family of four, plus the dog, should be able to survive quite nicely on the $400,000 presidential salary with all the additional perks they get from the government. michelle is already seriously wasteful with what she has. additional pay - ridiculous!',1
'obviously our school system has nothing better to do, but look for things to ban. how about banning bullies. that seems to me to be far more important than a pb & j sandwich.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'pffft. good luck with that.',1
'you are sickkkkk',1
'no,they should of  promoted him to rodeo ceo,and fired everyone else,then re-staffed with the rest of the rodeo clowns.',1
'definitely not. he is a clown.   i don\'t even see anything racist in the remark.,',1
'i remember when romney was running for pres. last time. he said he wouldn\'t do a thing differently then what bush was doing at the time. now he still wants to do exactly what bush did,,, again to this country. please lets not give our country to the rich and greedy again.',1
'what a bogus story.  you need columbo to solve this one.  dead brother inlaw (didn\'t mention insurance) buried at sea (no more evidence).  shark guided him to fishing boat.  most would have gone the other way from a shark.  fishing boat picks him up and continues to fish for a couple days because he is in good condition after being in the pacific for almost 4 months.  columbo might even have to call in perry mason on this one.',1
'i offered your mama $50 and she said it was too much. said she was a 5 dolla ho!',1
'and why do i suspect we funded this useless study.  clearly the banks had too much skin in the game to make it profitable to push the refi\'s through.',1
'you can\'t give permission to a third party to commit a felony on your child.',1
'because she married the azzhole in the whitehouse, she deserves respect?.....f#ck that douchenoozle!',1
'and if you are going to compare against other countries tax eg canada/europe etc you also need to include medical expense/health insurance etc - as this is all included in their taxes..',1
'so rd what you are saying is this is a reason to legalize it?',1
'allow me to reiterate....no one has ever died from using thc!  how many die every day from cigarettes or alcohol?  legalize, tax and oversee the use of marijuana.  then we can save billions of dollars from this stupid and insipid "war on drugs".',1
'this would be a very good exercise for everyone to do.  it would probably open some eyes and put things in better perspective.  i\'ll give you some examples from my family.  my wife and i are retired and in 2011 on approx. $72,000 of agi we paid an effective federal tax rate of 7%.  i also do the taxes for a couple of our children that are married and each have 2 children.  i feel they are representative of the middle class.  one had an agi of $91,000 and paid 6% in federal tax.  the other had an agi of $72,000 and paid 1.5%.       personally i don\'t think the kids that only paid 1.5% of their agi are paying their fair share but that\'s what it is with all the decuctions available to them.  i think hecpr51 below has a very good idea and with that tax system my guess is the government would increase it\'s tax revenue significantly.',1
'people want attention , negative is better than none . in this case , if you want to find a reason to be  offended over someones tasteless humor , then you probably deserve the hurt. im soo sick of hearing whiny people talking about what they are offended by . geta backbone , pay attention to the muslims burning flags and killing people over a dumb movie ,instead of a rodeo clown who obviously has met his top potentials in life! just what we need is another unemployed person in america!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'home schooling - been going on for ages.  why should the majority change for the minority?',1
'i believe that she is paid as a part of the package, she travels representng the presidency and her country.   i think obama has done as much as he has been able to regarding the process of equal pay for equal job for women. and this is regarding on what the opposition of the congress allowes (you know the majority is republican and they seems to oppose anything because the president is obama)   if i can fly a mission to space and be the commander of the ship, i should be able to get the mandated pay as a commander no matter what my sex is.  if i can be a ceo of a company my sex should not be the mode in which i can expect to be payed.  if i am a secretary to whom ever, i should be payed as much if i am a woman or a man.  and regarding the words that the president spoke in his speech, people should read or heard correctly what is said and its meaning before speaking.',1
'do you give them credit for perpetuating a cover up since 1919? trying doesn\'t count in things like this. most pedophiles never get caught so a background check means nothing.',1
'the blacks are far more racist than whites. the blacks bring up the race card more often than the whites.  why can one black use the "n" word repeatedly in conversation with another black and it\'s not racist?  anything not to their liking is racist. look at your black leaders like jesse jackson, al sharpton evetrything is the fault of whites.  if a white person spoke out like that revrend buddy of obamas\' he\'d be arrested.',1
'was that the same rodeo clown from the jagermeister commercial? that would explain a lot if it is',1
'you\'re awesome amy!',1
'freedom of speech is only a protection against prosecution. employers have always had the right to fire people for stupid things they say.',1
'so the govt. has to stop making them pay out the butt for taxes. if they didnt have to pay so many taxes and have so many laws against them, then they could do more for their employees. but they dont know if obama is going to raise their taxes.. the obamacare makes them pay more for healthcare.. they wont pass on anything to us.',1
'i love love love rob. he can come to me and i will comfort him until he is all better. i would never cheat on a guy that is obviously such a great guy and very gorgeous. she will never meet or have another man like him. if you don\'t make it my way rob then i wish you the best cause you deserve it. kristen i hope he never takes you back and if you really did love him, then you will fill the same pain he did when you so carelessly cheated on him!!!!!!! so there\'s my answer.. i give her no credit for issuing her fake and to late apology....',1
'i\'m sorry, but that\'s wrong. if a kid has a severe allergy to peanuts, hell, to anything, it\'s the parent\'s job to teach them that they should never, ever touch anything that has peanuts in it. it isn\'t the school\'s job to police that. according to your logic, schools should ban anything and everything that might be a potential allergy source, because someone might at some point become allergic to something. that\'s totally unfeasible.',1
'only problem with that is that most meters only take quarters and give at least 15 minutes. so unless that cop was ridiculously slow in writing the ticket, i don\'t think this is a fake.',1
'in 2008, was 100% invested in stocks, very risky position for a gal close to retirement.  in feb. "08, put my 401k in the safest part of vanguard, which happened to be $1 a share mutual funds.  as the market was trending down, even at that point, decided to leave it there, and missed the big meltdown.  i lost a total of $303.13, throughout this period.  now, i only averaged 3.1-3.4 on my returns, but kept gaining in my accounts.  i started re-investing in the stock market about a year ago, and have made significant gains to my portfolio.  right now, i\'m 60% invested in the market, 40% bonds.  i watch the market every day and listen to several expert\'s opinions.  through my company plan, i\'m allowed to roll-over my accounts every two months, which is not often, so must keep an eye on things.  by the way, i\'m just a working stiff.  make under $100,000. a year, and have been a flight attendant for the last 30 yrs.  i do not have a financial advisor and i\'m 61 yrs.old. just realized that the market does not work in my favor, unless i try to read the signs, that it might be going sideways. i\'ve been able to accumulate close to $400,000. in my accts. if i can do it, you can too.  good lu',1
'thank gawd you have a vagina, cuz you ain\'t got a brain!',1
'its too bad there isnt someone to win over romney and obama thatd be terrific but who am i kidding nobody else stands a snowballs chance in hell.',1
'i agree...people need to stay out of there business and leave them alone.',1
'i hope the common employees know there is a way to test if bills are legit or fake, right? either that or they never seen a \'benjamin\' before.',1
'what the heck??? why doesn\'t the skyline drive ever make this "fall" list? why do you guys hate virginia?',1
'you sir are disgusting and the world\'s most ugliest person! you are not white! there is no such thing as "whites". plus you seen uneducated like all white supremists. god made all equal, no one is more superior.',1
'it was a joke!  and it was funny!  get over it!  can\'t anyone tell a joke in 2012 without being run out of town by sundown?',1
'nancy reagan was no beauty either but she was above all else the 1st lady of our country. m.obama deserves respect regardless of her politics just as nancy reagan got. it\'s not racism, its a basic lack of respect. ugly isn\'t a race until its associated with one....then its racism...in this case it was just a tasteless, unfunny comment, larry the cable guy is funny as is robin williams...never heard them insult the wife of the potus....it is possible to disagree without being disagreeable....just  ​  saying',1
'@porby...what did you say? \'tard, \'tard, \'tard...',1
'yeah, he\'s a moron.',1
'i wouldn\'t have done it twice, i know that!',1
'that would be a good idea !  now if we can just get you to spit em out we can start.',1
'yes!!!  some relationships can survive with lots of prayers and support!!   not true, once a cheater always a cheater!  you are ignorant to unconditional love that god has given to us.  also an example of how we are to live! thank you!',1
'exactly...no mosquitoes, ants and other disgusting insects going in your home. you just sold me on buying it. thank you!',1
'i d have a small comment       i still would like to get rid of the income tax structure.  we should go to a demand tax structure of 10% for domestic manufactured goods and 20% for all imported goods.in this way all becomes equal. other countries tax our imports which does not show a true economic advantages we need to equal the paying field. this should assist in bringing back some us jobs and jump start the economy and move it as well. the demand tax on purchase goods does scale. if you are rich enough to purchase a yacht work a couple of million you can pay the tax. tax breaks are abolished and the us government has a true stake in the economy only spending the receipts taken. finally a balance budget, who would have thought it possible. the demand tax is fair for all and all will only pay about 15%-25% more due to state taxes.    be real people and get smart, if you want fair then really make all things equal and challenge the rhetoric from all ca',1
'everyone thinking like a two year old ....maybe',1
'you are correct, the ninety seven percent that won\'t work shouldn\'t rule the 3% of us left that pay the bills. this truly isn\'t a financially sound system and will soon crash. the votes bought by socialist programs has not worked anywhere and never will.',1
'then she would be first prostitute !',1
'do away with income/captial gains tax go to flat tax or better yet a national sales tax...then everybody pays.   doesnt matter if your a drug dealer,  a house keeper in a hotel, a corporate ceo or even a politician. you buy anything..you pay the tax...easy peasy.',1
'i just got off the phone he has been placed on leave pending review muahahahahaha serious     i have a few buds over there in california keep the camera handy no wonder cops hate video and youtubers',1
'if you were truly a former irs employee, then you would know congress may be able to subpoena them, but anybody else is off limits, when people in the office where my brother works tried to look at obama\'s records they were fired instantly',1
'btw. tom hanson\'s seems to be a massive douche.',1
'liz, you missed the target, and again created for many, a false sense of financial priorities. a revolving savings account is #1 savings goal, then an emergency savings account #2 saving goals must be in place. then you can take a balanced approach to paying down the debts and contributing to the retirement accounts.         what sense does it make to save for retirement when an emergecy happens and you have no financial resources to cover the emergency except borrowing from your retirement accounts...........b  ​ ad idea and poor financial counseling and planning.....           savings (revolving then emergency) first, then a balanced approach to investing (retirement accounts) and debt.........',1
'the stock markets are casinos.  there\'s no such thing as a guarantee investment strategy.  i\'m not sure why gamblers should get a tax break.',1
'this guy\'s opinions fit nicely in the compost pile...........what a hack, shyster, salesman,grifter',1
'so what happens to megan and morgan if they have half their retirement wiped out, not once, but twice, by two bubble bursts, like i did?',1
'we have a student in my sons class that has a allergy to latex, go figure his parents taught him not to touch other peoples belongings, we chose to buy latex free items just in case though, that school needs to be schooled!',1
'i guess you\'re not reading the news, tapo - about the innocent lives that might have been lost in our embassies this past week due to "harmless hate mongering".....',1
'(shaking head)  you have no idea...       tax the wealthy to \'level the playing field\'?    what makes you think any such thing would happen?    what would happen is that capital would find other areas of the world in which to be put to use.     what would happen is that business owners would have to reconsider whether it was worthwhile to risk their capital, and their time to expand their businesses.',1
'i looked at the second one. i saw what looked to be standard sized hubs on both bicycles as well as the front wheels and their lack of any large disk brake systems. since you would want the majority of your braking power on the rear wheels so that this contraption doesn\'t dive in a hard brake and those hubs are definitely not larger to accomodate a larger drum brake system rather than a standard coaster brake nor is their a disk brake system on them. i feel confident that it is just a standard caliper system. also, the contact patch of her tires is greatly reduced relative the mass of the unit. a motorcyle with that same mass has much larger tires and better stopping power but if you ask any motorcycle racer or rider, it is still reduced braking power when compared to a car.  there simply isn\'t the contact with the road.',1
'it always amazes me how they ban the "peanut" in school when the item brought in is only intended to be eaten the child who brought it in and they still continue to serve peanuts to every passenger on an airplane.  hmmmmmm!!!!',1
'we have a peanut free zone table where those kids can eat.',1
'i feel sorry for you, carter baird.',1
'yeah bob i guess your parents are very proud of you, they must have work very hard to raised you so stupid.',1
'the idea that pedophiles are gay is based in ignorance.   many of the men who have been convicted were married.    people love to try to paint them as evil monsters outside the norm but the reality is they are men who get their rocks off by being in a position of power.   they like to dominate children and often their women too.       but the notion that gays should be banned as the problem is nonsense.   gays have been excluded from the scouts for decades and has it really helped the problem?        on the other hand the scouts have done everything humanly possible to prevent these things from happening.   from two deep leadership, to training, not just for the leaders but for the boys.    and nothing in todays boy scouts is covered u',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on bing or google  richsingleclub. under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious. daa',0
'it is not about \'understanding & compassion\'.  it is about common sense and logical thinking...   please point me to just one credible, scientifically based study that proves your contention that merely smelling a nut can kill someone...',1
'amateur at best.',1
'why is this show still on the air?  what qualifies these has-beens to judge other people? why not just drag people in from the street to do the judging? all they want are the bucks and notariety...grow up folks and put these idiot shows out of their misery',1
'"blacks run whites in the dirt" wtf?',1
'yes, kids with allergies shouldn\'t go to school.  that\'s a great solution.',1
'a us ambassador is murdered on sovereign us soil and our state department expresses more outrage over a film???? wtf?',1
'wow !!! i wonder how anyone can read one of obama\'s books and still support him. what about all the umm\'s in his speeches  ? fact is that obama can\'t speak for more than 2 minutes with out his teleprompter. sara palin would have done a much better job running the country than what we have now. what about joe bidden wanting to put people in chains ? your name is very accurate .',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i cannot believe msnbc wrote (wait, that\'s not the joke) after the part about ann romney. fair and balanced reporting. they would not know fair and balanced if it bit them in their obama. they have their heads so far up obama\'s a$$, it looks like they\'re wearing a buckwheat mask.    ann romney had nothing to do with this joke. why would they say such a thing about her?',1
'pelosi is an idiot.  and a very wealthy one at that.  she manages to get multi-million dollar contracts for her husband every year.  i do hope she is wrong about this one.  we can not stand another 4 years of obumer.',1
'to walrus12...fourtrack  ​ s are four wheel motorcyles we ride around here in my hood,if you ever been or decide to visit the south bronx you\'ll see hundreds of us riding them on our city streets..good times lmfao...to someone330,if your referring to downtown manhattan,yes i have on business.... and your right most parking service\'s start at 5 to ten an hour,but it\'s better than risking these types of bogus tickets and possible theft,repo or damage if left outdoors unattended..my insurance is no joke lmfao peace...thug rule.',1
'happy to hear they could find their way back..... relationships are not always smooth ...good for them.  time they say heals most wounds .',1
'yeah, that is only acceptable when the person is a conservative, like sarah palin.        no insult, slander or accusation is off the table where she was concerned: her looks, her kids, her family, her husband, the way she dresses.etc., etc.',1
'customer service now nonexistent was free now we just shop online to avoid being disrespected',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes i do......its un-american',1
'go suck a donkey dick',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'uh-oh....soon enough we are going to read "consertives think free speech is a right exclusive to them only."',1
'everything you read on the internet is true...didn\'t you see the hot french model guy on the tv commercial?',1
'begin with physical and mental abuse..followed closly with sexual abuse.. and you have a classic cult..and that is what they are. some folks are really stupid with their children.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'since schools are going overboard with things like this.. why not just place all children with nut allergies in a seperate room/area so they are not directly exposed to it or have the chance to try someone elses lunch that contains it.     yes, it is a terrible allergy, but to ban it because of acouple of children is over the top...      are they going to ban bread that contains gluten cause a few have that allergy too. or a meat sandwich due to offending another child\'s religion.     get real, the world is not perfect.',1
'bear cubs are very playful but momma bear would probably be upset to smell human on her cub.  i would not want it to be my scent and i don\'t think it\'s a good idea to teach the cub that it\'s ok to play w/humans.',1
'army 1971, i\'m not sure how you can turn a story about an amazing mom into an anti-obama diatribe. i am sure that you are a moron.',1
'i\'m impressed, it appears theirs a majority commenting that is starting to see thru the smoke screen that\'s been blown on us. nice going,',1
'you\'re*, brooks*, you\'re*, bigot*, moonbeams*, (and various punctuation errors)',1
'another liberal policy...gone a-muck.       a ban on peanut products......omg       no wonder our school\'s are failing...we have nut jobs, making nutty decisions like this.',1
'the rich could be taxed at 100% -- and pay every penny they make to the federal government... and our annual deficits and national debt would continue to grow every year!  there is not enough money in circulation to pay-off our national debt.  the solution is not (merely) to tax the rich or anyone else more, it is first for our government to spend much less.  we currently borrow over 40% of the amount of money we spent yearly... so this must stop.',1
'it\'s \'rasslin\'.....ask your grandma.',1
'i don\'t think you should be talking about photos of nude women.  if the rodeo   clown wanted to make the joke funny he should have said something about   michelle\'s ripping off the u. s. taxpayers with her staff of 30 people to handle    her social agenda or maybe something about her daughters  multi million dollar   spring break in mexico.',1
'a racist rodeo clown made this comment and his organization decided that was inappropriate.  how is that liberals fault or how can you blame the white house.  come on.',1
'they all look comfortable - although some of them are all twisted up like a pretzel - too cute!',1
'if you were actually [smart and educated] you would already know that your [ancestors descended from african blacks] you moron... thus, many of you ignorant useless waste of humanity are literally [disrespecting yourselves]..do the [actual research] and face your [true reality]...and just to further inform you..err,during the slave era many of [your own ancestors breeded with their slaves as well]..rape though it was they were breeding just the same lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..b  ​ oooyah.... my black brutha in the white mans skin,and [you lied] when you told him your wife is white deem cause she [just as black as you is boy] lord mercy lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..t  ​ hugs rule.',1
'really?',1
'chrysler is the bottom of the list. even  buying a ford is an improvement.',1
'i think cartman said it best: "f**k you guys, i outta here"',1
'i didn\'t mean to say just "high office".  of course it is definitely rude and ignorant for anyone to insult any other person by rude comments.  famous people in general do get more notoriety when they get these kinds of comments published or made pubic. and like one other comment, the constitution does give limits on some rights such as infringing on the rights of the person you are insulting. that must be proven in a court. look at what is happening to princess in england and photographers causing severe embarrassment to this katherine. bottom line...there are legal checks and balances, but our fellow human beings seem to prefer to use insults these days for joke or just to be downright rude and then feel satisfied that they got their digs into the one they want to insult. standards of behavior are part of what can get you fired from a job.',1
'more people die every year from the flu every year and you stand a better chance of being killed in an auto accident and  10,000 people world wide and 90 in the us are killed  by lightning every year. if i were worried about it, i would avoid maryland!',1
'watch out you don\'t get snake bit, cleo',1
'yea, all of romneys  kids are on here crying for their da da\'s nips. please vote romney if you like 1% milk. fyi, and yes thats romney milk on their lips and not the competitors lmao',1
'i thought it was benign and funny. he was comparing her to the naked natives already shown for free in nat geo. $50 would be a compliment. this country needs to loosen up.',1
'of course blacks are more racist than whites are..       blacks hate white people for being white..       and, they hate themselves for being black..       and, always remember this... there are a lot of poor blacks that wish they were rich whites...       but, you will never find a rich white person that wants to be a poor black..      ',1
'anyone implicated in these allegations needs to be investigated and, if probable cause is found, prosecuted to the fullest possible extent of the law. and, speaking as a practicing catholic, every priest so found liable of pedifilia needs to also be prosecuted in the same manner. that being said, so also does the nambla filth, those in government service and in any other situation wherein an adult is guilty of bringing harm to any child through illegal sexual perversions... or through any other act for that matter.',1
'not really. being famous does not make you smart.',1
'just so you know, most of these schools with the peanut butter band serve p and j sandwiches to kids who forget to bring lunch money. it reaaly upset my kids to be told not to bring it, when they serve it anyway.',1
'you must be ugly, and you came from a monkey',1
'agreed, please shoot yourself so you do not further taint the gene pool.',1
'pass a law the bans the growing, harvesting and the usage of any peanut based product.      what stupidity! the title of this being "do you think this ban is nuts?" of course it is, it is about peanuts after all. good joke, eh?',1
'good for you, rushdie. bad news is, they still want you dead. say what you like, they\'d be happy to sodomize you and parade your dead body through the streets.',1
'keep the kid away from the rest of us if you are worried about the safety of the child with the strange allergy. make a million of us change our lifestyle for one kid?      no make the one kid change their style of life for the million other of us.',1
'deemed, are we going to hear a story about these four living off of donkey dicks? ;)',1
'please dont apologize for the mispellings of your post. enroll in spelling 101 at your nearest community college. but, i got a rap that you may enjoy...  stay in school  dont be a fool  writing a post with mispellings isnt cool     this is not about rap, its about an individual drinking, tweeting and driving at vehicle at 120 mph. whether black or white, he made a bad choice.',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_l_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'the truth is that blacks keep racism alive and the fact that nothing about race was stated in the joke from this article proves the point!',1
'if politicians and celebrities cant take a joke phukem.',1
'no one called any one a $50 hoe. if anything he called her an african tribes woman. which her ancestors were. so if someone calls my mother a dago i\'d be ok with it.',1
'generally, the only people earning minimum wage are first time or part time workers.   your blanket statement is silly.',1
'the number of people who are that allergic to nuts is small. all schools have this ban though, just in case. i understand that.     but this falls under - i got puke on me from a drunk at a football game and that made me sick. so all people who have been drinking should not be allowed in to the stadium just in case one person is or gets that drunk again and it happens again.  they took the sandwich just in case a student could be allergic. no, if there was a child with a nut allergy near by they could have moved both the kid and sandwich far enough away as to cause no harm. then just wipe the table down afterwards.    ',1
'your wife told me you were a bigotted idiot while i was pounding her last night. guess she was right',1
'look at her .....uh ....michelle  ....the joke hit home with great validity  ...that is why the food stamp party is upset .....libs  ...you may now have another tall cool glass of the obama koolaide served to you by the lap dog media !   :)',1
'why is someone pranking penn state and inserting objects into their ice cream?   because their administration thought their football program was more important than it was to stop one of their coaches from inserting his object into numerous minors (ie:rape). that\'s why.',1
'cant be difficult to find a new clown in califonia.',1
'well, "doctor," first of all, you need to lose the caps.  just too loud.  you should have learned that while training for your ph.d.  second of all, my sister died quite a while ago so i suppose not on that allegation.  and third, my momma was a democrat so i never would have slept with her.  (i don\'t look down on people who prefer incest, but people that sleep with liberals?  unforgivable!)',1
'not being famous doesn`t either phulk',1
'i think this is a very sad tradagy. i don\'t really think that what he did was in any way excusible, but i hope people think of their family\'s before they write any more hurtful comments on this story.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'what about peanut butter breath? makes you wonder what is carried on the wind. i love peanuts and peanut butter, only trouble it gives me gas. what happens if someone with an allergy is standing down wind?',1
'mrs hoss your a coward conservative leave this country asap',1
'stupid people that are willing to pay that much for an iphone.  you can get an android phone which is just as good, if not better, for less than half the price.',1
'some of these comments concerning the birth of a little innocent baby are just alittle out of bounds i would say.  so how is the 13 year old girl and who was watching her other 2 kids while she was at the race with her uncle tom.',0
'obama cant say anything hes a failure to america and all its allies',1
'hey senisble tipper, i also had a ton of money at 29, and saved starting at 21, and worked a 70 hour a week job for 20 years before "kicking my feet up" and raising my child while working a family friendly job for the next seven years.  i also thought i was smart and knew everything at your age.  i lost 75% of my retirement in the dot.com crash of 2000-2001 by hiring a pricey investment advisor (it was very common...many people i knew in the corporate world were just like you and me and ended with the same fate) and then lost most of the the rest in the current recession.  karma has a way of slapping you when you humility isn\'t part of your makeup.  let me make this clear, you don\'t have any idea of your future.  you can plan and work and plan and most people don\'t get lucky enough to have a solid outcome from those plans.  your health will probably be solid, but what if your energy isn\'t what you think it will be?  why don\'t you make a copy of what you wrote above and keep it.  reread it in 30 years.  i promise you, you may end up being one of the lucky ones who has it all later in life.  but the battle scars of all the people around you who undeservedly got hammered will take you',1
'ok i must not get the same photo. and my parents are very proud i still have a job even with obama in charge.',1
'guess what people, there is a thing on the market that works, it\'s call taking your med\'s. if you have alleriges. take a pill or the shot. and move on.........',1
'i believe that toddlers should be able to pee in public in a appropriate place. along a fence or hedge line,against a tree and a fire plug all the places a dog goes. mainly because we as a society do not make enough public toilettes available to the public. even on our highways there are no places to stop for miles. drivers or passengers pee in pop  bottles or water bottles and throw them out the window , for someone to pick-up. if the knew every 10 miles there was a public washroom,  most would not do that and toddlers may be able  to hold it too.',1
'pot calling the kettle black....',0
'amen!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'before you say the defense budget is the largest you might want to ask what congress needs $661 billion in discretionary spending, which is actually 3rd behind medicare and social security, but ahead of defense.',1
'dumborepuke: wow. no mention of the true facts of lyin willardo the mexican mormon moron tax evading draft draft dodger hiding unearned income in the cayman islands and switzerland. wow, even fox lies can\'t lie any better than you can. you are one sick or just plain braindead repuke dunce.     isn\'t yo mammy calling you dumbo?. yo roadkill possum is almost cooked up. duncebrain, it is time to go back home to yo mammy\'s shack, sit out on the back porch on yo one legged rocker, put yo corn cob pipe in yo toothless mouth, stick a plug o red man up yo axx, strum yo washboard and make sure yo daddy\'s moonshine don\'t overcook.     if you hurry, you can still make tonight\'s klan meetin\' where yo toothless buddies and the rest of yo braindead repuke dunces will be discussin\' the latest advances in anthrax spreadin. ',1
'hell yes!',1
'gee bob... i didn\'t know the internet was working back there in 1955 mississippi. oh, and just a question... were your mother and father brother and sister?     regards, jo.',1
'my kid has a teacher allergy as the teachers are groping my kid !',1
'no, i do not find it attractive when men wear makeup...i hope this trend doesnt hit the states anytime soon!',1
'i love old hairy balls that dip into toilet water!',1
'speaking of short memories, a right wingnut on this board, just last week , insisted that obama apologize about the polish death camps....i think his initials were "mg" maybe?  for the r\'s its damned if you do, double damned if you dont.  keep chasing your own tails, repubs.  at least it keeps the cholesterol down.',1
'“serenity”(2005): joss whedon’s sole previous feature film before “the avengers” ...    um, excuse me, but his actual first feature film was "buffy the vampire slayer" in 1992, starring kristy swanson, donald sutherland, rutger hauer and luke perry.  i remember because i saw it in a theater in california while on vacation in august 1992.  get your facts straight, please.',1
'sigh the idiots/morons are out in groves i see. and you wonder why so many countries hate americans.',1
'i can understand why people do what they do and lord knows i have thought about doing some ish as such, but went against doing so.  i have been taking the hide road on work matters for years, as karma is a itch.  the pleasure of giving someone a peace of your mind can only last for so long.  kudos to the brave ones out there.',1
'my money is on the bet this guys is under the age of 30.',1
'not sure this qualifies as a "racist" joke, but it certainly is in poor taste.',1
'that is funny but when you tell it in fagafornia they are a little sensitive.   1. if you have ever chuckled at his middle name, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    2. if you ever ridiculed the assertion that tire gauges lower gas prices, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    3. if you ever laughed at the claim that he campaigned in 57 states, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    4. if you ever suggested that the "vero possemus" campaign signs had something to do with possums, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    5. if you ever downloaded the video of him bowling a 37 in front of reporters, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    6. if you ever shared the video comparing him to paris hilton, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes.    7. if you ever cracked wise about his cocaine use, you may be guilty of racist obama jokes. (joking about dubya\'s alle',1
'ohio jim you talk like you have a paper **** you idiot and racist bastard',1
'yes, people went to see the rodeo, not to get insulted.',1
'he he he ...that\'s not as funny as all of you idiots that were offended by it!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'but do you know either of them? haaaaaaaaaaaaaa loser.',1
'ahhhhh!!!!! 4 very rude people who all live off the entitlement programs!!!!   i wonder if all of you like donkey dick????? obama\'s a donkey, is he not????',1
'i think it is a truthful movie and the muslims can\'t stand the truth.',1
'what kind of car is mezzi driving?     sam',1
'when will racism stop!!  as people, there is no one better than the other.',1
'okdoka - the ss tax (and medicare tax as well) go right out the door to fund current beneficiaries.          its working exactly as it was set up to workl',1
'"people can work in fields that engage them and provide personal satisfaction. just because a person\'s first career was a grind doesn\'t mean the second one will be the same."     this is pollyanna crapola of the first rank. the reasonable expectation would be: if you couldn\'t avoid the "grind" when you were young and energetic and needed to "make it big," your encore in the dwindles years will most likely be a sorry repeat of the first time around.     what do you have a chance of, the second time around? think part-time greeter at a wal-mart.',1
'make sure it\'s a mormon church so you\'re part the chosen religion.     what a douche',1
'buddadun       were you born this stupid or were your parents this stupid and it rubbed off on you?',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world. called the eighth wonder of the world, for good reason. it can make you rich if you understand           ',0
'if there are so many kids with peanut allergies, why not send them to a peanut-free school together? the schools may be able to control what the kids eat at lunch, but what if a child eats peanut butter for breakfast and then touches a child with a peanut allergy? could you imagine how a 6 or 7 year old would feel knowing that they killed or almost killed their friend?',1
'c\'mon, gas prices are the lowest in years, there\'s peace in the middle east and the budget has been balanced. and i don\'t have to worry about putting gas in my car or paying my mortgage. what more could you ask for.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'to  the morons on here who think this is funny. a joke is one that other people find hilarious. this was an ****\'s nether region who was trying to insult blacks.',1
'but it\'s okay for dave chapelle to openly bash white people on public tv, and it\'s funny? you\'re all a bunch of hypocrites. it can\'t be okay for one side and not the other. the guy never used the words "jungle monkey" or "villager." you came up with that all on your own, so your mind is just as f*cked up as his. besides, what\'s wrong with being a villager? you say that like it\'s bad... but keep talking about white people because it makes you look so intelligent.',1
'every person on earth is beautiful inside, most bullies are ugly inside and out so the can only take it out on others for a lack of brain power.',1
'considering the state of the global economy, there is no way i would buy into this market with the dow at 13,500 and the s & p 500 at 1460!',1
'respect is a commodity to be earned.  michelle lost hers before the election with her ignorant remarks and her clearly racist background and outlook.  obama lost his with his actions which completely belie the words he reads off of teleprompters and the divisive, derisive style that is his constant hallmark. the only president in our history more thoroughly incompetent that the feckless jimmy carter--and that\'s going some...',1
'when i deal with reasonable people and a reasonable person would have read the whole story and found out her husband is a neurologist in portland.',1
'i can\'t think of the last time i had two hundred dollars cash on me.',1
'as the parent of a student with peanut allergy i fully get why this was banned but it seems like a shot-gun approach.  banning all nut products seems extreme but is really the only way to assure someone with allergies is not exposed.  peanuts are the only known air-borne food allergy and it can literally kill someone who is allergic.  my student\'s school simply segregated those students with peanut allergies during lunch time.  in addition, why not also segregate students who wish to partake of nut products?',1
'who\'s complaining??????? sounds like someone hit a sore spot with your wonderful portfolio!',1
'as always in situations such as this, there are people who need to have the concept of "freedom of speech" cleared up for them...    freedom of speech mean you won\'t get arrested for most things that you say. there are, of course, exceptions. the yelling of "fire" in a crowded theater example is one of them.    freedom of speech does not remove one from having to face the consequences for what they say.     don\'t believe me? go tell your boss off, or say a bunch of racist jokes at your job and see how long you remain employed there. when you get fired, claiming "freedom of speech" isn\'t going to help you keep your job.     words have consequences. freedom of speech just makes it so that jail time isn\'t one of them.',1
'the media only reports the riots of the black people.  you don\'t hear about the white people rioting.  because that doesn\'t sell the newspapers or "look good" on tv.',1
'got news for you karen, white bread is good for you these days,check out the article in what\'s trending on friday 9/14. msn now   head line reads in a stunning reversal, nutritionsts now deem white bread good fo us.',1
'weather ding dong......volcano eruptions are not a part of the weather.',1
'nice way to judge qwerty23.  you don\'t know if he has kids, student loans, etc.  he states he & his wife make $110k a year - if that\'s combined, how do you expect them to "just pay cash" for the house?  do you not expect them to buy groceries, have a car payment (or two, depending on their needs), insurance, clothing, etc?  before you throw stones, look at yourself in the mirror.',1
'i bet you still eat your mamas stink~hole!',1
'liberals think that free speech is a right exclusive to them only.',1
'1,400 years ago it was considered manly for men to wear eyeliner, eye shadow, ear rings, rings, and have long hair in the middle east/northren africa.',1
'i love msm; they so eeeeffffing bias it\'s rediculas;  romney takes a stance and the msm tags him for being anything but a leader;  what has oh\'bummer done(not a leader), i\'m sorry did "they"(americans) step on your toes     anything negative this site can print about romney they will     who\'s the racist now....."now"',1
'the boat !',1
'some people just don\'t get humor...sad case you are friend, i\'ve not one racist bone in my body. in a comment to another brain surgeon, i stated "funny, i didn\'t think at all about partially nude women" when thinking about the nat geo reference.',1
'on the one hand, i think it\'s ridiculous.  on the other hand, if a child is careless and something happens, the parents would most likely sue the school for an astronomical amount and the school needs to protect themselves (and the taxpayers).',1
'the only question that i have is.........  1.  if the senior cannot get a traditional loan from a bank or lending institution  2.  if they don\'t have access to funds from a family member, friend or whomever....  3.  if they have equity in their home, but are not using it to live on.........  4.  knowing that they have limited resources to work with.........  what is the option that you can offer them as the person writing this article???  i often see people writing articles like this, but they never offer any solutions.  please share that with us and include it in your article the next time.  there are a lot of people giving advice, but never giving an alternative.....  please share with the senior population what we should do.........',1
'two things to say about this:    1. the feds are already shutting down legal medical marijuana businesses in california because they say they violate the federal ban on marijuana. what makes anyone think they won\'t do the same in colorado?     2. cigarette makers are going to be up in arms over this. they are required to print warnings on their packages and may end up required to print pictures of tarred-over lung tissue and such. they\'re going to complain if pot producers aren\'t made to print warnings and photos of smokers all covered up in cheeto dust.',1
'in our school district, it is a plain cheese sandwich now, if you are lactose intolerant who knows, plain bread and water?   :)',1
'love these jokes. keep \'em coming.  here\'s one:    mittens to ann: "sweetheart i have a confession to make. i slept with a brazilian." ann to mittens: you horrible man, you. wait. how many is a brazilian again?',1
'no don you cannot make black jokes that we can make with one another. because, we did not lynch one another or create racist jim crow laws against one another, do you get it, whitey!!',1
'yes.......that\'s not free speech, that\'s disgusting, demeaning, degrading, and completely out of line.',1
'u stupid ****..',1
'its clowns running the place, both parties suck! reps wont pay fair wage and benefits, dems think stamps are the answer to everything.',1
'i want to know what the joke was??',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'beauty comes with a huge price.  accommodation is the key factor on a road trip. the motels are lying in wait and so are the smokies behind the billboards.',1
'i guess it takes one to know one !! sounds like your already there !!',1
'you mean "arrogant pseudointellectual socialist" monthly.  michelle\'s hips have got to be loaded with gobs of cottage cheese cellulite... something a rival tribesman might want to grill. mmmm...fried racist adipose!',1
'pluck you!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i see the point yung is trying to make. too many people had no problem spending up a storm when times were good without putting much or anything away. now times are bad and people are crying. i know many many people who way overspent and just lived like there would never be a bump in the road. here it is. thats why you need to teach your kids to save early & often and when the economy is screwed up like it is, you have a safety net to fall back on.',1
'i would be willing to bet it is standard practice to write tickets when there are just a few minutes left on the meter.  why wouldn\'t the city play the odds.  odds are in their favor that you will either be late or just not bother fighting the ticket.  this meterman won\'t be fired.',1
'first: lay off the cap lock button mr. keyboard warrior.   second: no i dont honestly find it racist because if they did use it against ann romney it wouldent have been racist and people wouldent have cared at all.  so yes to a point i agree with you. just lay off the caps lock button',1
'$74.900?  how the f do these lawyers come up with these amounts???',1
'you can extend my previous post to many areas eg education, the better people\'s education the higher their usefulness in the workplace, and better income meaning they can by more stuff - again benefiting employers (and those with the stuff to sell - allowing them to earn more still)  it is all linked.  i am not conceited enough to feel my privileged lifestyle is just down to my hard work, it is a part of it, but so is my education and the infrastructure society has provided, also luck is a big chunk - i am lucky i wan\'t born to a poor family, in a bad school district, with high crime, gangs etc.  the goal of society should be to give everyone a good chance and for that the higher earners have to pay more, at least until everyone has the same opportunity.',1
'i\'ve never seen anything like that before. the worst i\'ve seen was when we got that ice storm a few years ago. it destroyed alot of trees and took down power lines. some people had no power for weeks. (massachuesetts)',1
'i\'ll be singing that song in my head the rest of the day now..... (great song)',1
'it\'s really none of the sandwich nazi\'s business if the kid wants a peanut butter sandwich.',1
'harley is right... you\'d be suprised to know that even though your average college age, occupy wall street twit seems to be the sterotypical majority of stoners... in fact you have a lot of baby boomers, small business owners, respected members of city council, ceo\'s, directors and comptrollers.  just because a social stigma will slightly be removed, doesn\'t mean that everyone will suddenly turn into cheech and/or chong wondering where dave is, and in the depths of the munchies.  get a grip, obviously you either couldn\'t moderate your own consumption and are projecting your own short comings.  or you really have no clue.',1
'looks like an average mom in the netherlands to me, the only things missing are the grocery bags on the handle bars and the horrible weather!',1
'nice use of diatribe- hope this post didn\'t spoil your peanut butter and jelly sandwich too much.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'the repuke clowns just don\'t stop coming.  can\'t wait for obama ads to come out showing clips of what tom smith, a repuke senate candidate from pa said. this repuke freak said that if someone gets a girl pregnant and is not married to her, he should be arrested for rape.     this is not going to go over well with the centrists of the repuke dunce party-the abortion clinic bombers, abortion doctor shooters, federal building bombers and the heart of this nut party-the radical right wing southern anthrax spreaders and the rest of the klan.',1
'she was lip read telling obama, }" all this for a damned flag."{  during the securing of our flag after a 9/11 ceremony.         does she deserve respect after saying such things.????',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'= love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                      ',0
'that must be all he does is curls, because he doesn\'t have any forearms.  looks like he had breast implants put in his bicep and triceps.  what a tool.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'rt is a troll, everyone knows he voted for obama',1
'love them all!!',1
'they should both be electrocuted at noon tomorrow on national tv.',1
'a thumbs down? really? so i must have had you in suspense!!!',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'maybe they bring up the race card more than whites because they actually suffer from racism, jobs, socially , and politically. and as far a bringing up racism and politics, maybe it is because most of the "hate"  for pres. obama, and lack of respect, and lack of civility is racism in disguise-  even the most critical of bush was more respectful, and especially of laura bush. think about it.',1
'lighten the hell up you whiney little butt heads',1
'yeah sorry i am a hard headed person "most" of the time lol. never gonna change.',1
'yes. what\'s to \'think\' about?',1
'so your solution is don\'t save for the future?',1
'thank you for your service to the community.',1
'it said that women are having a more manly aethetic. no this is not true. we are letting our eye brows have their natural shape. besides have you seen the old 40\'s eye brows. they drew them on. they all look extremely surprized. lol  i just make sure i have 2 eyebrows instead of one. other than that my eyebrows are beautiful.  :)',1
'oh yeah? well i denounce islam.',1
'nope. that one funny a$$ joke.',1
'the thumbs down failed the third grade. not surprising at all. vote r&r third grade graduates, vote r&r. for free speech',1
'the buck stops here!',1
'i think that was the point - to let people know he hated their guts.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no question, get rid of your debt.  better yet avoid it if at all possible (mortgages may be the exception).  when you are down to a reasonable debt load, save or invest.',1
'does n. korea have a popeyes chicken??',1
'hum...it was in bad taste     to determine if something is racist or not, you have to take the comment in a historical context. if it is term that has been used historically to denigrate a group of people, and if that particular group feels offended. then it is racist!     i\'ve seen photos of lighter-toned monkeys, and it reminds of caucasian people--after all, there is a possibility we all came from monkeys--but, would a white person feel offended if they were compared to those particular monkeys. probably not! because historically,  caucasians were not offended using that term.',1
'your absolutely right. then obama wants all of us to be compassionat about other religious beliefs around the globe? my flag is my religious belief!! and any a-hole that burns it deserves the retaliation i will bestow upon their religious ideas. i can care less how much it pisses them off.',1
'exactly.  my kids are too young to know not to eat the offending foods, but the teacher and the aides know, so they seat my daughter (my daughter is in pre-k, my son is not in school yet) away from the other kids.  she seats with another little friend who also has allergies.',1
'@vance..you are nothing more then an ignorant, rascist pig..you\'re the prime example of what is wrong with this country..it\'s people like you that keep this country from becoming united and working together to make it a better place for us all!',1
'go ahead and tax the wealthy. its not going to help the situation, but will level out the playing field.',1
'that woman must have legs made of steel.',1
'yeah, go smoke another bowl, people like you are flippin\' amazing.',1
'btw: mrs obama your wanna be nanny state may cause you husband\'s election loss!',1
'what the hell? you give the "joke" credibility by repeating it?',1
'i know this ignoraus does not work!!!!!!!!!!! i take that back im sure there another racist prick out there that support the same ignorant view that he does!!!!!!!',1
'i got a parking ticket from chicago illinois and  neither me or my car has ever been in chicago.',1
'you know, sometimes it takes a little while to understand how stupid some people are - others can prove themselves in less than 50 words.',1
'exactly! the earned income credit is the biggest scam when it comes to income transfers. it is so successful because the people who are paying for it never even see it. most working taxpaying people have no idea what the earned income credit is. the name alone is a scam....',1
'obviously you have never experienced this type of humiliation.  i have never been told that i had counterfeit money and held for 2 hours but the way they treated me was hurtful, and to hold this woman 2 hours of her life because they thought  she had counterfeit money?  are you kidding me?  i\'m glad she is going after them, this company is a multi billion dollar company and that 72, 000.  is chump change but they have to know that this is not just happening in 1 store, it is happening in every store.  their treatment of people and how they think it\'s ok to do what they want.  not.  i am a woman who is in great shape and care for my health.  the female employees seem not to like me just for that reason, i see it, i feel it, and i experience it every time i go there to shop. example: there was this woman a size 14 or so and she needed help with something when the employee was done with her i asked her a question and she just looked at me up and down and said "we don\'t have that" just like that, without looking or inquiring so yes i have no qualms of a customer complaining and suing.  good for her.',1
'how much does the chairman of aig make?  was that insurance company bailed out by the government?   the chairman is out to lunch.  most of us do not make millions in salary, millions in stock options, and get paid a golden parachute if we leave a company.  he needs to wake up and smell the roses.  in a down economy you see the worst of employers.  the worst of their hr people who should know better how to conduct interviews without violating employment laws and they expect you to jump when they say so.  stop outsourcing jobs overseas, bring back manufacturing in this country, end age discrimation in the workplace.  provide friendly respectful work environments not sweat shops.',1
'personal responsibility. when an employee makes a business look bad by their actions the company should reserve the right to fire said employee',1
'yeah, a more \'decent time as in the 40\'s, 50\'s, 60\'s.\'. back when all forms of expression were silenced with a wack of a ruler, black and white couldn\'t socialize, and forget about being gay. might as well go back further, why let women vote?',1
'never been to a comedy club ??? i guess you probably dont have a sense of humor or the ability to laugh. wrong place and time for that joke, yes i agree. i have plenty of reasons for you to be ashamed to be associated as one of the female sex too.',1
'wallece       answer my question regarding your comment about the tea party.',1
'if you can\'t be around a pbj maybe you should be in a bubble. next, no peanuts at sporting events. what about a principle in portland that says a pbj is racist?  forget the war on women there\'s a war on peanut butter and jelly.',1
'that\'s so not good for that breed.  even a couple extra pounds can damage the spine of these dogs and end up being paralyzed.  i lost 2 chubby weiners that way when i was a kid.  i have one now and i make sure he stays fit and trim.  he\'s fed well too!',1
'bet the article is fake like wrestling lol...now if she was a boxer...then it would be real',1
'basically, all apple did was iron out the iphone 4s to make it ever so slightly longer and thinner.  with perks like that, who needs to improve anything about the way the phone works?  i mean, it\'s perfect already, and it has been since the iphone 3.',1
'my wife and i are deadly allergic to perfumes and colognes. god help us if we enter a closed elevator! i think we should ban all perfumes, colognes and scented products!',1
'"everybody knows"???    really nancy??????   don\'t speak for me duncy!  obama will lose come november.  bank on it!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.',0
'kylie...read the article that is what they are doing, wake up.',1
'as a mother of a child with a peanut allergy i applaud this schools ban on nuts. until you have to worry about every piece of food that your child comes in contact with outside of your house you have no idea what these families go through. i cannot even believe how close minded some people can be. why not ask an allergy parent what they go through before you pass judgment on this situation.',1
'what happened to an employer\'s right to fire an employee? a clown is hired to entertain the audience, collectively - not to alienate and offend members of the audience as he did. so, yes, his a$$ should be given the boot...',1
'awesome! can\'t say i would ever be open to even attempting this ... but ... awesome!',1
'lol wack.',1
'let all the gays phuq him in the ssa!',1
'you are ugly so called dr.....',1
'you\'re right, didn\'t think of that.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'new fan? why would you assume this kid would be a fan? at the rate this country is going, nascar will be illeagal before this kid ever gets to watch it.',1
'what a selfish way of thinking. yes they should be grateful, but no, the rest of the school system shouldn\'t have to suffer and/or adjust for a few students. how much money does this cost the school system to enforce this? absolutely ridiculous.',1
'i don\'t agree with the 3rd one, as sharks don\'t eat everything they come in contact with and he was in a lifeboat.  i do agree that this story is bs though.  there is simply no way this man would have survived 15 weeks without food or water.',1
'a broadway theatre',1
'i never use the machines i always use a live cashier. it helps save a person\'s job.      now i have another reason, the machine might shread my money. i can\'t afford that time saving device.',1
'don\'t hold back bp, let it out...',1
'ha ha...it happens every time.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',1
'guess those "authority figures" never had someone like me in thier school.  i may be a lot of things, but defenseless isn\'t one of em.',1
'it appears that you work in a place whose administration and faculty have some common sense.  please tell your work associates that they are to be commended in having arrived at a workable solution for all involved.  wish others were able to do so!',1
'any real comedian with any kind of wit, stays far away from these types of jokes. they are like shooting fish in a barrel. if it\'s too easy than its not funny. this joke was classless but really, this wasn\'t a cornell univeristy debate intermission. we are talking about a rodeo with a bunch of hicks in attendance listening to a rodeo clown. there is nothing suprising about this. while you were reading this your e-mail just recieved two racist political jokes from a classless friend.',1
'and tell me how obama has saved the country. would it be by increasing the debt more than all the past presidents combined or how about passing obamacare the biggest tax increase in history. or what about cutting 760 billion from medicare, scew the old people that built the country. also murdering american citizens with drone attacks a direct violation of the us constitution and many other wonderfull things that effing b-stard has done. oh yeah and lets not forget regulating millions of jobs out of the country and stopping the pipeline so his buddy warren buffet can make more billions due to the fact he owns the rail rights to haul the oil. you are truly an uninformed dbag',1
'really?  nice way of putting it u fool.',1
'its about time we got some relief. i enjoy the cooler days...no 98 degree days. the rain is needed around here. i hope it continues...lol !!!',1
'please point me to just one credible, scientifically based study that proves your contention that merely smelling a nut can kill someone...',1
'hi " valentin "',1
'well if he isn\'t allowed to give an opinion on it, who is?  although for going off-script he should probably prepare for life under the bus now.',1
'can\'t we just have a flat tax?',1
'weeds, good riddance to all shows that glorify law breakers.',1
'i am not sure about this, but free speech might prevail here.  i do hope that color has nothing to do with what is being said.  everyone should be addressed by what they do, not their color.',1
'dood, doodete, whatever, he was elected to the top job in our country.  there were no \'hanging shards,\' or what ever, he didn\'t have a brother governor in the swing state.  he didn\'t invade the wrong country over the terrorist attacks.  sometimes i would have liked to see what it would be like if one of the other candidates won the office..... for me he gets respect.  as that was only part of my post, and regardless of his performance after being elected, anyone who gets elected president of this country should be respected.  and personal attacks (as used by some commenters) are not so much a sign of their intellegence, but of their inability to formulate a valid argument for their pov.',1
'you are 100% wrong. i am 100% behind legalizing it!',1
'sounds like a good idea but since it will be all local produce it makes me wonder how expensive it will be. though it\'s good of them to support local farmers. not very many restaraunts do that anymore because of price and advailability.',1
'as a warning to all of you racist biggots, i take this very offensively and very serious.  i have copied the complete comment section of this article and forwarded it to the naacp and the human rights commission, along with a telephone call to the msn network.     i can guarantee you that charges will be filed.',1
'am i the only one on this forum to use my real name?  come on folks, allow everyone to identify you if they want.....',1
'actually, yeah i do. i think people are dismissing it because it flies in the face of the majority of the gay movement believe. that in itself should make it worth something- the fact he is a gay man saying this.',1
'he was calling it as he saw it.  where\'s the crime in that?',1
'i know of a cop that pull over a lady and drove by her house and placed the man under arrest for his behavior in asking why was she stopped; he spent the weekend @ the house and release her mate on monday, no charges.....     cops are the worse!  thank god for phones with cameras.',1
'it gives us cheaper goods and services.  to some extent, we did this to ourselves when we bargin buy and always go to the cheapest _______ .  if it was cheaper for china, they gave it to us.',1
'another wannabe comic hits the dust, dude go back to pumping kin',1
'i would smile and be happy knowing full well that in a few months the company will settle out of court with me for much more than the 200 dollars that was ripped apart at the store....:)  american justice...gotta love it!',1
'when i was in school, they used to feed us peanut butter sandwiches.',1
'we live in a representative republic, not a democracy. democracies always fail',1
'you just responded to my comment with a racist comment by calling me a redneck and trailer park trash...should i copy and forward it??? you\'re an idiot. i never once made a racist comment or said anything about anyone looking like a monkey. i simply said if you look like an animal, and i don\'t like you, i will call you out on it. ugly is ugly...plain and simple. i never referred to michelle obama in that statement, so copy and paste as much as you like. by the way, the naacp can\'t do a thing about it just like they can\'t do a thing about dumb supremacist groups marching the streets and shouting racial slurs because it is free speech.',1
'in california nut allergy students are given a nut free table because so many students have healthy lunches to ban them would be nutz',1
'and you are smart?',1
'why is it up to the rest of us who are not allergic... to change our diet, and what we buy at the grocery store ?  i imagine its in part because there is a lack of confidence in parents like yourself to educate and prepare themselves and their kids with their own medical issues.  irresponsible parents put it on the school, instead of themselves and their kids. just because you "inform" the school of an allergy,  it doesnt put sole responsibility on the school.  if it does, than this is what ensues.  an easy answer.  just ban peanuts.    when did it become the schools job to raise our kids anyways?  just teach them math and stuff  xd',1
'you white racist freaks. i know you hate having black dna. as in lucy from africa. do you scrub you skin until you bleed or tan to become as black as possible. should i say it, skin cancer-melanoma!!!!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i once walked out of a job with only days notice because of a situation that was untenable. i was on the verge of having to file a harassment suit against my boss when this opportunity presented itself and it seemed like the best solution all around. i calmly told my boss when he flew into a rage that he knew that this was not a good situation and he needed someone who was better suited to, um,  meet his specific "work" demands.    you would have thought the moron could read between the lines and see that i had done him a huge favor and to not make waves about not giving the standard two weeks notice. well, my new job was a temporary position for a year, so when i started putting out feelers for my next job, it got back to me that my former boss was telling potential employers  that i had been fired. he and the company got into all sorts of legal trouble with that one when i contacted my state employment office with the proof that he was giving false information, which also opened the door for me to retroactively file my harassment suit. ultimately i came out on the winning side and he lost his job. had i caused a scene like this guy with this email i would have simply come across ',1
'this is all bullcrap....i don\'t believe it for a second',1
'it\'s the rainbow oreo thing all over again!',1
'yeah you watch bet...cut it out',1
'nascar bristol night race',1
'really?  i wasn\'t aware that having a peanut butter sandwich was a lifestyle choice.  do you not understand that peanut allergies can kill?  but clearly your "right" to take a sandwich into a public school is more important than a child.  glad to see the compassion and caring.',1
'i see the point of the peanut butter sandwich because teachers today do not sit or monitor the kids while they eat.  if a child asked for a trade it could have been disastrous.',1
'in public?',1
'they are pos because they were drunk and driving 120 mph...not because they were rappers and most certainly not because they were black.',1
'that joke has been around since they first moved into the white house. i am surprised michelle didn\'t make them change the name of her new home. and i don\'t mean anything racist by that remark but i know some people will take it that way.',1
'shame on you for not including door county in this article!!! i\'m sure the drive in california is beautiful but ... door county, wisconsin has to be over the top in beauty when you drive it in october!!!',1
'not doubting you just asking.',1
'the clown should have at least have been hung by his left testicle, in the middle of the arena and allow people to throw moon pies and rc cola, at him. this could have rush blood onto his brain.  this is not at all unusual for this point in time., we as human beings have evolved so fast that our brain matter have not kept up with our common sense.  at the very  least, respect the office of the usa president and the occupants.',1
'i mean your from texas. that says enough.',1
'ask who the bildabergh group can buy out and there is your nxt president',1
'they still do at my son\'s school.  if you forget your lunch money, you get a pb&j',1
'have you heard about the mcdonald\'s "obama value meal?"     order everything you want and the guy behind you has to pay for it!',1
'if a kid is allergic to dumba$$es employed at the school can he/she change schools? what\'s the ruling on this?',1
'the baby animals aren\'t afraid cause they are too young to now what humans will do to them. we take away their habitats, we shoot them, and we don\'t respect them. sad.',1
'>>>>>>>>>>tresidder says this change does not have to be a bad thing. people can work in fields that engage them and provide personal satisfaction. just because a person\'s first career was a grind doesn\'t mean the second one will be the same.     "people are really embracing (working later in life) because it\'s really about fulfillment," he says.<<<<<<<<<<<     this tresidder is even nuttier than benmoshe!',1
'there are plenty of kids allergic to soy and sunflower as well as dairy, eggs several different kinds of food additives, and seafood.  my child has a mild allergic reaction to dairy products.  i\'m not asking her school to denigh other children these products. my sister has a sever egg allergies that can and has required hospitalization.  my mother never asked the schools to stop serving products with eggs in them.',1
'while a long diatribe would be great to do, but brevity is best here. you are an idiot.',1
'unfortunately, no.  i know many people who, when exposed even indirectly to peanut products, could die.  this is, unfortunately, a necessity in the interest of safety at the school.  however, if schools do have such bans on certain food items, then they should provide free meals to all students and control the menus themselves.',1
'just one thing that i noticed, kim. in both the video and the article i saw the terms "smartphones and ipads." while smartphones is the correct term, ipads is not correct. tablets would be the correct term to use.',1
'rubbish: you can\'t say anything without offending religion extremists nut cases, your pig , dog, cat or whatever. i\'m  surprised  "saturday night live " is still on tv: they offend everything.',1
'why was this film released in muslim countries?  why was this film released in various muslim languages?  greed obviously, so the producers could make muslim money and also so they could create hostilities with muslims.',1
'the producer(s) have probably already been chewed out for this one. how\'d this tool slip through the cracks? gotta love live tv.  carlson\'s comments at the end..."we\'re gonna give max another chance, maybe, when he\'s ready to do the interview"...are hilarious! yeah, that\'ll happen!!',1
'teapartyh8er       i challenged wallece to prove his charge against the tea party, it is your turn.       be specific!',1
'no way...   the board members are being racist since the joke held a black woman in a lesser value than a white woman.    they are punishing the clown for a harmless joke.   he\'s simply an entertainer. if they want a new clown try chris mathews.   people should boycott the rodeo if there\'s still time or do so next year.   board member tom hanson is a racist and he needs to go.',1
'the joke was racist and wrong, and the rodeo showed him the door. nuff sai.   as far as respect for obama and michelle. i was always taught that respect is earned, not a given. it doesn\'t matter if it\'s the check out counter lady or the prez, it is earned. and obama has not eanred my respect yet. the games he plays, the division he creates, sorry, no respect. i had respect for clinton even though i didn\'t agree with some things he did. when obama does somehting that deserves respect, i will gladly give it.',1
'try spacing after a comma. also, i think you mean we\'re (we are) not were. learn english.',1
'another divert, this has very little to do with taxes and deficit, since there are not many of these types, like buffet, and no mention once again about the 16.3 % we all pay without deductions up to 110,000 if you are self employed, called ss/medicare.--and then medicare continues for the upper class already.  no point talking here about billionare taxes, you have no idea, what that is like for the few, and by the way they have full time accountants, they have to!',1
'wally world did not act in a civilized way. the large sum of money asked for, is to get their attention. big business will always ride roughshod over the public, unless it hurts their bottom line.',1
'i am allergic to lead, does that mean we will see less bullets on the street?  when can we expect to start seeing warning labels on jars of peanut butter?',1
'this is so typical, many people want this to be racist so they have someting to bitch about white people and of course, republicans for!  laughable!!!!',0
'people like this idiot degrade american\'s everywhere.',1
'no.',1
'yes!',1
'11th: yes. it\'s been in my lifelong experience, that it is those with the least to show that are most desperate to show it. one of those odd little facts.',1
'she was just passing the buck!',1
'you are the one that is sick.     how can you support a woman who is endangering an innocent unborn child? can\'t you read? there are serious studies that have proven the damage that unborn children suffer when their mother smokes.     probably your mother smoked a lot while expecting you, hence the brain damage..',1
'no, but i\'ve helped a stranger. she was very lonely and the bar was closing.',1
'if your into the roid thing knock yourself out,i prefer the strict regimen and body decipline respecting my mind,body and soul..btw...why aren\'t you posting in caps if as you say your pecker is living in gerbil city lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ thugs rule.',1
'my best friend has just announced her wedding with a rich  man.they met via  .♥.richbachelor.♥ .a nice place to meet mature successful men & classy sophisticated women...if u are a single mature woman and  want to marry this kind of older successful man to make your life more adventurous.it’s worth a try. bing it.',0
'sorry, but you\'re wrong on every level you think you\'re right. muslims respect their leaders? are you serious? ever heard of the arab spring? you know, that time when muslim countries were forcing their leaders out power, even going so far as to kill them? it takes a complete lack of respect to do what they did to their leaders. if this is what they do to their leaders, why would they care if we "disrespect" ours? they don\'t. in fact, it\'s more rational to conclude that they hope we do more to get rid of our leaders because it\'s our leaders actions that are causing them more problems. they don\'t look down on us because we lack respect for our leaders. they look down on us because we just sit back and talk, never taking action, constantly rolling over and taking whatever our leaders throw at us.      the ones we\'re disrespecting are ourselves and muslim countries by never actually doing anything besides talking. we let our leaders steal freedom from us and millions more around the globe, all in the name of democracy. but forced democra',1
'what about the kid who allergic to polyester, cotton, chalkdust, strawberries, milk, etc are we going to ban all of these things too   "for the greater good"     bunch of communists',1
'forget the "reverse" part it is racism through and through no other way to put it.',1
'don\'t it though!',1
'guess your cap locks were pressed',1
'barry, you have made the world dumber by your comments. not as umb as you, by a long shot...but dumber none-the less. now go back to flipping burgers and leave the commentary to those with an iq above 50',1
'i was pulled over by a cop who claimed i didn\'t have my seat belt on. supposedly he didnt see it. when he got to my window and i leaned forward he realized i was belted in and so was my friend in the car. he proceeded to discuss my vehicle because it was a brand new model and then the bastard asked for my number. ummm...no. i didn\'t recieve a ticket because i reprimanded him informing him that i know he cant pull over a car full of girls just because you want a phone number. cops can be so scandalous these days.',1
'silly movie, comparable to a really low budget borat.  it only lacks a flying carpet with ahmadinejad on it.  how thin skinned you have to be to react to it in this way.   so called muslims are running around burning flags like a bunch of 10 year old delinquents.  this whole regeon is asking for a dictatorship.  someone to keep a lid on this insanity.   i am not impressed with their reaction to this video.  they just need to grow up.  otherwise they are asking for more taunting.',1
'tb2000       how are repubs racist, specifics!       how are repubs suppressing voters? specifics',1
'interracialcircle. ==a serious interracial online dating & social networking site specifically for singles interested in an interracial dating and relationship. you can enjoy free verification, chat, wink and reply email.sign up for free! and start to find your soul mate now! every serious single is welcome here.create a free profile today and have access to thousands of interracial singles in your area.(bing it)                     ',0
'i don\'t have a problem with it. most male actors wear makeup everyday on the set. there are guys in high school and college that wear mascara as part of the "goth" look.  how many weathermen end up wearing lip-gloss because the weather chaps their lips? as long as they don\'t overdo it to the point they look like clowns, i don\'t care.',1
'you cannot make jokes about people who are classified as minorities that is racists. you can only make jokes degrading caucasians, protestants, etc.   this is the new double standard which is reverse racism.',1
'a black baby dodging a coat hanger.',1
'go get em, skinner!',1
'so, given that obama\'s scholastic records are under lock and key its hard to know what his iq is.  only thing we can know for sure is that he isn\'t near as smart as he things he is.',1
'what are you trying to say? the typing errors and mizspeld words make it hard to understand.',1
'first let me say that i am a republican, always have been and always will be. to attack this woman like i have seen in this thread is unconscionable! what is wrong with you people? i don\'t know what political party you belong to but it\'s not mine. we don\'t attack first ladies whether we agree with their husbands or not. you john b are disgusting! your racist behind needs to go away somewhere where you can worship hitler with other like minded people. with disgraceful comments such as yours, you virtually guarantee obama will be re-elected. we as a party need to weed out vermin like you so you can form your own low-life party. ugh! you make my skin crawl! please slither back into that cesspool you came out of along with the others of your ilk! i\'ll bet your mom real proud of you huh!?!',1
'yeah, we can add a 1% tax to the "rich" to finance this one, too.',1
'you just described why lb0s are a bad idea.',1
'get real,and a life. this is not about the child,but it is about your over large ego.ctrl',1
'walmart is a nasty place, just don\'t shop there',1
'i would pass this on to the u.s. secret service since they are responsible for safeguarding our currency.  you can\'t just go around tearing up money because you "think" it is fake.  the cashiers should be fired by walmart and procoescuted by the government for destruction of u.s. currency. maybe some people will learn a lesson.  i hope this woman collects every penny she can from walmart.  no one should be treated like she was.',1
'i think it\'s time we banned some nuts .....in congress, i education, i police depts, i local govt, .....yuuuup lets get rid of "nuts"',1
'i agree freeborn ... this joke is only racist if you want it to be.',1
'an untreteable super bug,connected with nancy pelosi,wait i think i`m in the wrong page,yet i still see a connection',1
'i would agree to an increase in taxes on the wealthy only if the earned income tax credit was repealed and even to lowest brackets paid something, even if it was a dollar.    next reform social security.  there are too many people on social security that have never paid into it, which is why it\'s running out of money.    then kill the discretionary spending portion of the budget and take those funds to put toward the debt.  do this until the debt is paid off.  there is no need of continually pi**ing away money in third world sh**holes until you pay off the debt.   ',1
'....then tossing a little napalm on them....',1
'i\'ll 2nd that, stfu',1
'please define the racist attack.',1
'well i can see the racist part of it, but really i wouldn\'t pay $5 to see her naked and pay her $50 to keep her cloths on.  sorry playboy bad investment offer be glad she turned it down.',1
'if there is one thing my son knows it is soy and pb and j. he is the type of kid that he can taste something and tell you the spices and ingredients. we also baught soy butter before. lets just say it hit the garbage pretty fast.',1
'are they running out of news to report.  this was reported earlier in the year.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'why don\'t you quit reading it?  oh, right, then you\'d have nothing to complain about.',1
'iphones are overrated and have you heard? there is an iphone 5s coming within the next 30 days! lmao',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'there are a lot of obama fools in this country , how ever you just topped them all',1
'you are wrong! no, you are wrong! no you are wrong! no you are wro.............',1
'capital gains taxes are based on a longer period of time than salary, which is why the rate is lower.  plus you have to take money you already have (and paid taxes on) and invest it for long periods of time, during which you have no access to that money to spend, in order to make money.     think about it this way:  the interest you gain from your savings accounts at the bank is a capital gain.  right now, it is taxable at a pretty low rate.  but you are getting that money because you took your hard earned salary, paid taxes, and then let someone else use that money, at the risk of losing it.  in the case of a bank account, the risk is low, but so is the interest you earned.  but if obama stepped in and said you had to give him a third of your gain, would you be ok with that?  what is next?  if you grow food in your garden will the government take a third of that too?  it is the same thing.. you pay for the seeds and the fertilizer and the garden tools with dollars that have already been taxed.. ',1
'moving and storage containers allow you to enjoy the benefits of both the do-it-yourself move and full-service moving. these moving storage containers let you load your stuff and when you’re done, trucks will just plainly pick them up and move them for more interesting information <a href="http://www.ssm  ​ overs.com/">visit here</a>     thanks',1
'unearned income paying less in taxes while earned income pays more the american way.  wait, you mean the guy who actually works for his income by producing something pays more than the guy who collects the profits from investments?',1
'thanks!!! real change can come about if only a few of us will join together the help spread the message!!!  if you have facebook, that might be a good outlet.  or, you may have other ideas to get the word out.  i think we really do need to get rid of as many incumbents as possible.  if we don\'t, there is no reason for them to do any better!  thanks for your post!',1
'as143 - thank you for a voice of reason and understanding.  maybe you could help set up a network of parents and school officials in your area that can address this issue in a reasonable manner.  it only takes one step to start a productive, effect focused, reasonable solution oriented group.  it would not be hard to expand that to a regional or national level group.     best of wishes to you and your son.      retired tx rn',1
'not only fired, but strung up and quartered.',1
'yea this is just a troll. ignore it and it\'ll go away',1
'ummm...you did notice the ban was enacted 6 years ago, right?  that was long before "he" was in office.  i\'m thinkin\' it was on your guy\'s watch, so stop turning everything into a political rant against one side or another, especially when it makes no sense.',1
'\'... you\'re traveling thru a dimension of space and time. welcome to the twilight zone\'',1
'if you leave your house there are no gurantees on what you will be exposed to. the rest of society should not have to be punished for what a small percentage of the population has. from nuts, to latex, to strawberries allergies- we cannot control your life. what every happened to personal responsibility? teachers are stressed to the max now and more and more crap just keeps coming down.',1
'well at least you know its just a theory.',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'the source of all our problems is the fact that half of the human race ranges from \'not very bright\' to \'abysmally stupid\'.  it really is that simple.  we need to keep people with low iq\'s out of positions of authority.  a minimum iq should be a requirement for any position of authority.',1
'nat geo is a magazine as much is playboy, both pieces of shite, but  nonetheless an arm of the propaganda machine. sorry, i\'ve thought about it and i still don\'t see the racist remark in here.',1
'give it up karen. pb is not full of sugar! you can and many do get real pb don\'t assume everyone is just like you and buys whatever is cheapest!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'noobama110, you\'re and idiot and your comment speaks for itself. specifically, what white people and what black people are you referring too? racist ignorance has no color! so i guess you must be racist transparent! i know many many intelligent black and white people who would see you and your ignorant racist views for what they truly represent. climb back in your hole and stay! forever! please! hopefully you\'re not breeding!',1
'freedom of speech only protects you from being jailed, not from being fired. please take the time to understand what you\'re talking about next time, moron.',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'dog man: even if the lunch was not nutritiously perfect, i do not feel it is the school\'s place to police the lunch box.  for all they know the child had a wonderfully healthy breakfast and will have a balanced dinner.  i\'ve seen what the schools serve for breakfast and lunch, and very little of it is healthy, much less edible.',1
'his mother thinks children need a father and a mother and he agrees with her......so listen up all you single parents out there....rupert everett thinks you are doing it wrong.',1
'this is the kind of news we need more of in this world.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i had the same thing happen to my son last year.  i wrote a letter to the school board requesting my son be provided free lunch as we were strapped financially and pb&j was what we could afford.  they revised the policy and kids with allergies where given a safe place to eat.',1
'i consider myself pretty liberal and i know that this was a complete overreaction. stupid commenters!!',1
'see the future here! do you want to make thousands? then check this out. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. there is information that the rich have been trying to keep for themselves and now you have access to it. come over and get your share of the cash today.',0
'gainesville?!?! **** in gainesville,fl?!?!?    as a resident of gainesville,fl...you  ​ \'re kidding right?!?!?    lmao!    gainesville...!!!',1
'seriously ? ? ? ?',1
'if this was a wild bear, i wouldn\'t be thinking "where\'s mom?" as much as i would be thinking "how did this bear\'s mom get a collar to put on him?"  it doesn\'t seem like normal wild bear attire.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'ok boy, lets make it ok for you then, she was offered $50 by people mag!!! either way it was a joke just in the wrong place, that i agree. furthermore, referencing nat geo, i myself made no immediate connection to any "primitive" existence until you decided to go there( i assume you are a black woman,reading your post?).sorry but this incident is not going to set us back as a people. joker running the white house is setting u.s. back.',1
'a blind collie owns me - she has more heart and chutzpah than any dozen dogs together.  her favorite thing to do is run up and down a ramp we have set up for grooming.   she\'s so proud of herself that when she gets to the bottom, she turns and barks so we can clap for her like we would a little kid.',1
'just more proof we need a flat tax system.  everyone pays the exact same rate % wise.  we forst come up with a base lever of income that is tax free. lets say 17,000   so the first 17k you earn is tax exempt. then every dollar over that you pay 18% on.  so if you make 20k then you pay only 18% of the 3000 over the base number or 540 in tax.  if you make 100k then you pay 18% on 83k or  14,940.    this way the lever is always equal and there is no reason to hold back or be punished for doing better.   then a couple more things.  all public servants can only earn a top pay of the mean average pay in the district they work in. they must also live in the same district they work in.  this way if they want a raise the have to help the whole district increase their pay.   last thing   have a sales tax on all non necessary  items of 11%  and 5% on food/toilet paper items.  out of each number 4% stays local and the rest goes to the feds.   this way if those making more spend more they pay more in tax  ',1
'absolutely!!  i don\'t even like michelle, but that wasn\'t just a "joke", it was meant to be mean!  no one deserves that!!  as stated on a bumper sticker i\'ve sean.... "mean people suck"  we all have a responsibility to be kind, it\'s just the right thing to do!!  the shame is on him.',1
'note the false-equivalency/"l  ​ ibs do it to" meme from the conservatives here, even though nowhere in the story does it say that the clown was liberal or conservative.  i wonder if they realize that not only are they themselves admitting their own racism, they\'re also saying that all conservatives are racist.  just sayin\'.',1
'this is ridiculous! the boys mother packed it for his lunch and i can only assume he wasn\'t allergic to peanuts! i can remember as a kid growing up, i would sometimes take a ham sandwich with mustard for lunch in a brown paper bag and it would stay unrefrigerated in the coat room until luch time. as you can see, i didn\'t die nor did i ever get sick. what is this country coming to? god help us!',1
'if he has children to support, no. if he does not, yes.',1
'exactly, she is a lesbian after all.',1
'agreed - and we all know that beauty is only skin deep.',1
'why waste your time?         i actually thanked the vp who let me go by telling her that she gave me the push i needed.  she thought others could do the job better than i and that was her prerogative.       the company is on the ropes now and i make 30% more than before. glad i\'m out of that place.       thanks for the bonus!!',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'what\'re you drunk?',1
'== love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'so, we should permit this because she is a failure as a parent?  no.',1
'no, it really doesn\'t look to appetizing. i\'m not a big donut fan to begin with. donuts and beef and eggs don\'t sound like a good combo to me. but, i haven\'t tried it so i shouldn\'t knock it.',1
'get your head out of your a--!! no wait let me guess you are either on welfare or a fag',1
'clinton made himself a joke. wait bush did too!',1
'i am white and felt it was uncalled for..... we all know what he meant and yes, it is racisits. uncalled for when it come our united states first lady.....sorry i don\'t agree with remarks like that.....what did he mean then??????',1
'just wait, the race card will be along any minute to get involved in this debate..............  ​',1
'saturday night live should be censored off of television since it is far more insulting and degrading to a particular group of people. particularly against conservatives and people of faith.     as i said in my last comment. double standards run rampant, but i should add a comment to identify the cause and the agenda.      progressive communists run the media to include msn.',1
'national geo magazine?  are you that stupid?',1
'notice what she says:     obama\'s share of (payroll taxes) on $394,821 in wages and salary (would have been) a little over $10,000 in 2011, boosting his total effective federal tax rate to 21.8%.      the key words here are payroll taxes and would have been:  does anyone here really believe that osama\'s total income for 2011 was $789,674?  do you believe that anyone will ever know what abomaination\'s income really was?      if you do, then perhaps you\'d be interested in purchasing a bridge in brooklyn, ny ',1
'my niece has allergies to nuts and my sister would never expect the school to bend over backward for her.',1
'and again....',1
'first of all i understand the school administration\'s reasoning.  it is an honest but somewhat misguided effort to protect students who have severe peanut allergies.  in the first place any student who has such allergies is already quite aware of their condition and should have been well coached in avoiding the dreaded nut in all of its iterations.  secondly the school bears no real liability in this issue as long as they are not the one providing the offending product or products.     so logically it is unfair and perhaps even discriminatory to prohibit a child from consuming their own sandwich prepared by their parent or guardian.  confiscating it amounts to interfering with a parent\'s right to determine the dietary needs of their own child.  i would not go so far as to call it nuts but i would say that it is an inappropriate and over the top precaution that really is not the call of the school administration.',1
'so, the people that took out bigger loans than they could afford, at the highest over priced home selling season in the history of man kind...had nothing to do with it....it was the banks being slow????? then i must have it all wrong.',1
'nope but your mom did....lol',1
'thank you, wonderbred123, for proving to us that true ugliness comes from within.',1
'hasn\'t lohan gotten into alot of trouble with no jail time? she is constantly in the news for stealing and drugs. who the hell is she to complain about someone getting off easy? just a couple of over paid whiners. if any of us did half of what lohan has done, we\'d be locked up for years.',1
'i\'m guessing tabbyk has a medical degree?  are you a doctor?  a registered nurse?  an lpn?  oh wait, let me guess...you\'re a cna or not in the medical field at all.      these kids are protected under the americans with disability act.  which i\'m sure you love the law being in place...until it becomes a hindrance to you.  that\'s part of the self entitlement act.',1
'rebecca c - what is going to be done with the child that is as reactive to certain substances as you mention above?  is this child going to live in a bubble - because if not, they will always face allergy causing substances just by going out of their isolated surroundings.  i\'m a retired rn and can assure you that i have seen in my years of practice/life that parents who are not trying to be the "me, me, mine must always be given in to" can arrive at a compromise that protects all involved.  it\'s those that really don"t want to work with others for realistic compromises that sound a lot like your posting.',1
'when is gw going to apologize for spending almost half of his 8 years in office in crwford texas?',1
'without more context, i don\'t see how that\'s a "racist" joke.  maybe it refers to some animal print that michelle wore once. or maybe he was just commenting on the political campaigns (i\'ve seen so many people in these comments refer to the current administration as a zoo or worse). or maybe it doesn\'t refer to anything specific and is just a stupid joke that doesn\'t really make any sense.       oh, without more context, i don\'t see how that\'s a racist "joke," either.',1
'i\'d pay to leave that **** covered up....that **** exposed would need a double fold out in order to fit it on the page.',1
'last i checked buffet actually doesn\'t use loop holes because he wants to pay his fair share. also what this article doesn\'t tell you is these guys don\'t pay medicare or social security. if yo count those 2 little tidbits i pay much closer to 30% to the fed ( i make around 34k after overtime) + 9.25 percent to the state in sales tax. so i\'m already being hit for almost 40 % of my income.',1
'........if your allergies are that serious..........you  ​  need to change "your" environment and not seek to change the environment of others!............',1
'nobama100 you are also included in the comments that were sent.  medication, don\'t fool with it.  it\'s people like you that are high on either oxy or herion.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'why no one cares how  many blacks call whites honkey, whitie or make jokes about them. i wouldn\'t have done it because it may be my personal thought but i\'m at work and should reserve that sort of thing for my off days. he did it on the job and no matter what color, race or religion one should not do that on the job as it is not works opinion but your private thoughts. i\'d have fired him.',1
'i have dropped the n bomb right to a black guy\'s face. then again i am 6\' 205, not white, and fear no man. and you people with liberal beliefs just don\'t get it. its not about skin color it is about the choices that person makes. if you have a black guy acting like a n then i will call him that. if it is a cuban guy acting like a **** he deserves to be called the slur. and nobody likes n@@ggers, why would they? just some of us have the balls to be honest and guess what, that doesn\'t make us racists.  do you like a person, that has a bunch of children he can\'t afford, is on welfare, section 8, access, food stamps, sells drugs, is in a gang, steals, cheats, acts hard and is willing to be violent to intimidate people to get his way? then you like ni$@ers, honkeys, rednecks, ****s, spics, etc. because, anyone who perpetuates the negative stereotypes of their race...they are the slur and deserve to be called such.',1
'a nut ban? surley when the schoolboard recommended this the superintendant should have dismissed the board on the basis of the entire board being nuts. lack of common sense is what has happened to our system to even fathom coming up with these ignorant socialist bans that cause the people of this country to become dumber and dumber as the years go by. before you know it we are going to have to get permission from the local, state and federal government just to go to the bathroom. completely ludicrous',1
'my daughter took a pb&j in her lunch today.  i am not "so poor" that i can\'t afford anything else, it\'s just what she likes.  i have known children who have severe food allergies, however, they are taught what to do and are more informed about their allergies than anyone else.  fortunately, my daughter\'s school doesn\'t ban her from bringing her beloved pb&j.  she knows that some kids can\'t be around nuts, and she is careful not to share her lunch, and to wash up after she eats.  the school in the story just needs to step back and let kids be kids.',1
'do you mean the democrats? the daily show actually did a parady of all the hatred and racism flowing out of the dnc. i was surprised how racist and ill tempered the democrats are. since they love to point their fingers at any slight a republican or conservative make.',1
'wrong mag for that pic, but it would have been funny as all get out!  maybe playgirl -- or do they still publish that?',1
'all drugs should be legal and regulated, the government should have no control over what i want to put into my body. end of discussion.',1
'this was riddicks dog....',1
'that is why parents should actually talk with there children and teach them how to conduct themselves in different situations. i know i do. why should it always be left up to the establishments',1
'try the white moutians of az they are absolutley fablous in the fall  at gree az  do the drive from show low to alpine az  into whats called  hannagians meadows . for the fall colors .',1
'mr. navigator.  i believe you have become lost in space.',1
'that is why you will always fail! quit worrying about how you have been put upon by white people and start worrying about how you can be the best at whatever you do no matter what color you are. quit blaming others for your lack of success.',1
'why is someone pranking penn state?  because they set themselves up for it.  i am surprised that there are not more pranksters after this hypocritic example of an institution of "higher learning".',1
'nice try at trying to be funny, big fail.  stick to what your good at, making babies and blaming white people for your problems.',1
'yes it is.  if you are allegic to things, stay away from them.',0
'mr. obama, in the background, is not impressed.',1
'you are pathetic!',1
'lol jesus is/was a socialist',1
'drink the rest of your obama kool-aid.......fool.  ​  the "anti" you speak of is in the white house as we type...........',1
'umm mikey sorry but have you ever been downtown mr thugs rule? you have to use these meters basically and you incert money into them lol.. no where else to park unless you have a home or a buisness. unless you like paying upwards of 5 dollars for parking.',1
'i guess that makes you a clown too!!!!!!  lol!!!!!!',1
'if any firing is to be done -get rid of the obama\'s and we will all be better off  l',1
'what? giving good tips to impress the waiters?! maybe the writer himself feels that way! i am a good tipper not because i wanted to impress anybody but to appreciate (rather than be “entitled”) to good services. i worked as a waiter once back when i was in college and knew how important the tip money was to waiters. we need more compassion, not less. people should not go to service restaurants if they don’t even want to give the minimum standard rate of tips.',1
'lol...love clinton jokes too. hey , here\'s another one.  how did mitt get ann pregnant? he came on her shoes and let the flies do the rest. hahahaha i\'m so glad you tightie righties are so open to this kind of humor. let\'s start a website where we can all post these wonderful (just playful, not insulting) jokes!',1
'hence her point grand wizard! "the syntax and grammer in your comment belay that."  jokes compared to slavery? come on son:)',1
'questionable politics always better to vote for people who give than those who take why dont you ask mr romeny why he has to hide his money in offshore accts or ask hime why he wont show his tax returns this is supposed to be an honest man so ask him why he cant be honest',1
'obviously you don\'t watch bet enough because white comedians like gary owens and mitch mullany not only got their boost from bet and hbo\'s def comedy jam but also went on to star in movies with said comedians who tell these "white jokes"',1
'i have a son who\'s allergic to peanuts, and i think this ban is ludicrious, also.  he knows not to eat anybody else\'s lunch, and to ask if things have peanuts or peanut butter in them before he eats whatever\'s offered to him (say, if a teacher brings cookies to candy to school for the students).       what\'s next?  children are forbidden to eat peanuts or peanut products even outside school?  i mean, what if somebody ate some peanut butter right before coming to school?  ack!  someone could come into contact with them somehow and have a violent reaction!!!       give me a break.  the school was way out of line here.  they overreacted.',1
'and yours also..... its called evolution and youre not exempt...lol',1
'you cared enough to reply',1
'romney received 100 million from a casino owner, 70% came from corporations, i would guess they want some payback',1
'this is an ad...',1
'if i want to look at photos , i will go to a photo web site. thanks.',1
'the real racist in the photo is michelle obama!',1
'as i understand it, mr. buffett doesn\'t tell and mr obama doesn\'t care to find out - buffett has transferred most of his assets to a trust of some sort. i believe it has to do with the gates foundation. therefore he is avoiding paying any taxes on most of his fortune, including capital gains, interest income, and any dividends he receives. mr buffett is dumb like a fox, mr obama is dumb like it is always someone else to blame! and he will never tell the truth about anything. not his fault, he just doesn\'t get it,or care.',1
'get to the chopper!',1
'this show sucks. alec baldwin and tracy morgan suck. what is the appeal of tracy morgan anyway? and what happen to tina fey? she used to be really cute. i had a thing for her back in the snl days (not her talent, but her looks). i don\'t want to here "oh well she is a mom now, or she is in her 40\'s" bs.',1
'60 million dollars to build a sports stadium. reaaaaaaaaaly! our teachers are underpaid and we need to purchase supplies to teach our children, more effectively. have you texans lost your minds, voting for that kind of expenditure. this whole darn country has gone crazy. how in the world do you justify that? how many of those kids are going to wind up making millions by being in professional sports. how about having money put into trade school courses, where we teach a trade, for those who are not doing well academically. those kids are going to have to go out in the world and try to make a living, and due to the fact that they are academically below average even places like mac donald\'s have a problem hiring them.',1
'they sell winky eye atuffed animals for the rear shelf of your car at rodeos.  you know, the ones that blink left or right eye on turns?',1
'i think it\'s time the parents of the students at this school get #2$%edoff, and start crackin\' some damned heads at their next public educational board meeting, nonsense like this as to stop.',1
'are you kidding me msn, can anyone imagine how osteicized this woman must have felt growing up. looks can be decieving and does not demonstrate the true nature of anyone.  some of the kindest, most genuine people on earth may not be the most attractive including me!!!  so what\'s your point msn what\'s the lesson here? good people come in all shapes , sizes , and appearances. no ****, really.',1
'you are a racist bastard, idiots like you should not be able to live..  you were taught this behavior so every person that taught you this should not exist either.  wow, didn\'t believe people like you still are around but you are..',1
'vance1965- since u seem to have no understanding of communism, please look into going go to school. knowledge will help u, not hurt u.',1
'ok mstk5,  your point is valid.  the bomb was dropped on the japanese simply because they were unable to change clothes or their hair cuts and assume other identities.  that is why there were internment camp for them and not the german\'s.  also their core beliefs frightened the western world.  america knew well the effects of fallout, and since the island was somewhat isolated, there was not much chance we would irridate our allies.  we could understand the german philosophy, but not the japanese,   german jews, or nazis\' for that matter could just deny their beliefs, where as japanese and african descendents cannot.  easy to identify, easy to condemn.  however, white anglo-saxons were not the first to practice genocide, or unfortunately the last, or even the latest to practice such.  history has and will once again prove that the persecuted can be the worst persecutors',1
'at least anne romney looks like someone that could be in playboy...       rather than florida evans from "good times"',1
'damn, and i thought it was your mama that was missing. now that\'s some good ****!!!',1
'sorry yungstill but politicians destroyed this country. obama and a 16 trillion debt should worry you alot more than a bunch of baby boomers. boomers all saved too. stock market cut most of their savings in half back in the late 90\'s thanks to lousy 401k fund managers. then the same happened again in the past five years. plus they lost all of their equity in their home this time.   what retirement vehicle are you looking at?  don\'t try stocks or  real estate and good luck on hoarding gold and silver.',1
'what do your moronic ramblings have to do with a rodeo clown telling a joke?',1
'no. i\'m the kind of person that won\'t knock something until i try it but rat meat is going to far. they are diseased pests. i wouldn\'t eat one if you paid me.',1
'no, not every joke is always funny or in good taste.  just a case of bad judgment.',1
'my best friend has just announced her wedding with a rich  man.they met via  .♥.richbachelor.♥ .a nice place to meet mature successful men & classy sophisticated women...if u are a single mature woman and  want to marry this kind of older successful man to make your life more adventurous.it’s worth a try. bing it.',0
'a person must earn respect.     the two imposters in the white house never will !!!!!',1
'look no brains',1
'where is the racist joke? i read it as he thinks she\'s not attractive. i don\'t find her all that attractive either. does this mean if someone says something pertaining to my looks, i can play the race card?',1
'this is a stretch.  never heard of rupert everett.',1
'thanks oly78.  that\'s how i feel.  i have food allergies and monitor what i eat and come in contact with.  i also have chemical allergies to cleansers, perfumes, soap and fertilizers.  i stay away from them or if worse, comes to worse, i leave.  this has happened at work on occasion.  it\'s my problem not someone else\'s.  just because i am allergic doesn\'t mean that no one around me can have that food.  i would be imposing on them.',1
'it\'s more the america of old. other than a post-wwii era, 1945-1980, america has always been the land of the sweatshop and child labor; chronic boom and bust. that it was so much nicer than the rest of the world says more about the world as a ghetto than about america as any good place to be.',1
'nancy pelosi thinks we\'re better off than four years ago.  nancy pelosi bashes any non-democrat of wealth while she, herself, is wealthy.  nancy pelosi belongs in jail but is exempt from the same laws that would send me to jail for insider trading.       what do i think of nancy pelosi\'s comments?  pthhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!',1
'ahhh..thanks for that insightful comment',1
'wow, does it matter if you know or remember this actress?  its no wonder our world is such a jacked up place.  you people calling her names and telling her to suck it up or go back to where you come from...really?  this young lady was playing a roll in a movie and felt uncomfortable on set...that is a problem.  anyone of you think there may have actually been some guys that were extras that actually may have been in jail/prison before???  you people are the disgusting ones, not ms. martinez.  there is no work place, not office, field, or movie set, that should be treating women with disrespect and as a piece of meat.  when the director says action...you play your parts, but when he yells cut...that means the scene is over and you need to be a decent human being and have common sense to know the acting part is over.  oh wait, that is what our world is lacking common sense.  lets all learn some of that and maybe we could live in a better world.',1
'freaky freddie. before you sign off repuke dope, i want to explain to the posters how your feeble repuke brain got destroyed.  repukenoid: you really sound like you had your brain destroyed when you were a little vermin.     when you saw your local right wing gay, pedophile rapist priest to confess to him that you were an idiot, he gave you two liberal girl scout cookies to calm you down. then he told you to turn around, face the wall, drop your pants and bend over. being the stupid little vermin that you were, you thought that you would see an image of jesus in the wall. the two hard shots that you took from him really destroyed your brain. now you blame the liberal girl scouts for your problems.    ',1
'is that a question??? why we need obama?',1
'so why was that a racist joke?...that is such bull$hit.... get over your "left wing" selves and grow up!',1
'love it!!!!no not racist he did mention ann romney too.',1
'my nephew is very allergic to metal - i think all metals should be banned everywhere in the us to accommodate him. ha ha ha  i think anyone so allergic to something should wear a special suit and mask like the boy in the bubble instead of everyone else having to accommodate one child.  i know that\'s silly of me since majority rule is long dead and now it seems to be minority rule.  folks, we can thank the lawyers for this.',1
'get over yourselves.... its ok to bash everyone except a black women... indian, white  and spanish ok but not black... wow, how sad...',1
'that would only prove he still makes more money than you and that you are still poor and now you have a $250,000 2nd mortgage to pay off... and another guaranteed vote for obama since he will bail your stupid a$$ out of your stupid a$$ mistake on my tax dollar.  more brilliance from the left today than ever.',1
'things are getting out of hand; where\'s sandra fluke when you neen one?',1
'no!!! i am usually not into these type of shows, but i\'ve loved this show since it premiered. i am horribly disappointed that this show is coming to an end. this is a show that has a great cast all around. walter is the man............',1
'i can proudly say i deserved every ticket i got.',1
'did you actually read the article?',1
'i too have a rather unfavorable view of the typical maryland resident. theyre very uptight, redneck, or racist & unfriendly to blacks. i live in del. which sucks too.',1
'so what you crunched the numbers. you still proved the point. whites are low income and receiving government assistance just like blacks and mexicans. guess youre not that superior after all...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh now that\'s impressive.  what a chick magnet that bed is.  check out my levitating bed, oh did i mention it was made of the parts from my piece of crap wooden go cart i tried to make when i was 7?',1
'when republicans are winning they love to talk about polls and how great they\'re doing but when they\'re losing the polls don\'t matter',1
'possibly the stupidest article i\'ve wasted time reading this year.',1
'i take 8 drugs for various health problems, and some hurt me more than help.  but a friend gave me a joint for my busted clavical and did it work for the pain....really worked....  and cheap !!!!!leagleize it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【 nudistpartner 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'if they ban nuts, does that mean my science teacher is out of a job? he\'s a real nut!',1
'maybe she will grow up and race in nascar, with free tickets for life, she’ll have racing in her blood.  she is too cute!!!!!!',1
'no.  instead  the outrage is nuts.',1
'i agree with you there. my daughter has lactose intolerance. i did\'t  demand the school to make the  meals lactose free.  yet when she tried to take a salad with tuna on it they took it from her. said there are kids with fish allergies.',1
'i wish someone would create an app or web site that allows the general public to sign a petition to ban certain shows. with this petition, it should read “we the collective audience will boycott any sponsors of any show”. once you’re able to show the networks the true value of their losses or potential losses for their sponsors, they may reconsider the shows they push.   we need to have a voice, the loudest we can speak is with our wallets, our message needs to be “you sponsor, you lose….. “  lets show them what millions of their targeted audience can do when we’re tired of crap they push on us…. so who’s going to create the site? lol',1
'@sonic13oom - really?  i am the police, and i have helped plenty of people out, both on duty and off.  have several thank yous for duty "above and beyond".     here\'s a hint, though:  if you have a warrant or unpaid tickets, expect us to help you out right to jail....',1
'don\'t forget his most recent blunder, he couldn\'t meet with the prime minister of israel to talk about iran, he had to go on the david letterman show. thats what these people get for voting in a person who had zero qualifications for the job.',1
'i can see wanting to protect some kids from having allergic reactions and getting sued. this is far to ridiculous to be happening in a "free" society. i lived on ppj when i was growing up and no one ever had a problem with it. what next a national ban on all foods that people are allergic to? lets all protect/shelter/acce  ​ pt those who need special care in another way without taking the rights and freedoms away from the majority. it\'s ok if people get their feelings hurt they will grow and become stronger and more resilient as human beings. if we cater to everyone with an issue eventually none of us will be able to do or say anything.',1
'i had this idea 25 years ago. too bad i didn\'t have the money and connections to make it happen.     then again, if i did i would probably just enjoyed the money and forgot this brilliant idea.      i hope it works, i can\'t eat fast food for years now. all of it makes me gag.',1
'there is a difference between racism and prejudice. although i don\'t agree with what the clown said as a joke, it was racially insensitive...not racist.       racism implies that you have a measure of power to carry and influence your thought of racial superiority, for example the kkk. they used methods of intimidation (beatings, lynchings, and threats) to influence blacks of their power and to scare whites not to associate with them or otherwise they were considered "n" lovers.        all republicans aren\'t racist but i can guarantee there are some racist republicans. they hide it under the guise of money, which is power, which therefore dictates their influences on the masses. and as far as how the republicans are suppressing the votes, check your states voting laws...see if they have changed any since 2008 (early voting hours, proper i',1
'this bitch has never been right on the money about anything! some people should just keep their ignorance to themselves, and yes i mean you, know it all 1.',1
'why is it okay for limbaugh to go on the air and tell lies about the president (i.e. his comments about the president\'s action with kony) and make derogatory comments about his wife (calling her moochella)?     glenn beck does the same, except wasn\'t it about the obama\'s children?  glenn beck was said to have joked about someone\'s wife having a miscarriage.  is that funny, too?    anyone really think their comments are funny?',1
'bill maher sucks',1
'he should be fired and not because it was racist or even political for that matter..he should be fired because he said something very disrespectful about 2 women he doesn\'t even know and he did it in public!  a real man would not behave that way or say something so disrespectful to women as a whole and especially not in public..who the women are, what color they are and what party they\'re affiliated with is irrelevant..they are women who also happen to be someones wife, someones mother as well as someones daughter so it\'s not only disrespectful to michelle obama and ann romney but to their families and the people who love them as well..if he would have said these things about the wives of the men attending the rodeo i guarantee they wouldn\'t have found it funny and being fired would\'ve been the least of his worries!!',1
'great! break out the good stuff! it\'s about time!',1
'that is actually a pretty funny joke.... i think people just need to grow up, if we can\'t laugh at ourselves (meaning racial jokes) what can we laugh at. pretty soon we\'ll only be able to tell knock knock jokes.',1
'hard for me to leave the state og michigan with all it beauty color and great lakes. best in the usa !!!!!',1
'no',1
'schools make this kind of overbroad zero-tolerance policy so they won\'t have to think about each individual situation!  for a school to band one particular food product because a kid or two has allergies is silly. are peanuts the only thing kids at this school are allegic to?  i think not.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'definitly not politically correct. but who gives a rats behind?',1
'no, not to me ,,,,, it is appaling to disrespect the office of , and the president of this country period ... whoever it is .',1
'i know every nudist need a friendly and confidential environment: friendships, relationships, and resources concerning the lifestyle. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually,【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a place what i said.                ',0
'gays don\'t believe they\'re gay, they are gay.    and... are you sure that the solution to molestation of boys by adult men is to gather up all the gay boys and deliberately put them with adult men who are attracted to males?',1
'stop talking about the stupid film as it only serves to justify their actions. begin withholding aid incrementally so they can feel the affects while we still have leverage power in withholding more aid/assistance. increase military presence in all embassies. execute those who have been convicted of terrorist crimes against the us. anyone arrested for terrorist acts gets tried within one month of arrest with capital punishment for all convictions.',1
'wait, how do you get mexican tacos in portland?',1
'i for one would by the national geographic.i think michele is nice looking,and i am not into colored women.but don\'t tell me what to eat damnit!',1
'cats put a smile on my face. cats are the coolest! people who don\'t like cats just haven\'t met the right cat yet.',1
'go to a bar and meet people the correct way!!',1
'well it originates in arkansas so you know it\'\'s ridiculous. and it is nothing short of ridiculous. what about all the kids who have dairy allergies? gonna ban milk next? i fully understand how severe a nut allergy can be, lethal in some cases, but if there are that many children allergic in one school system that they require a complete ban, other arrangements need to be made. give them their own place to eat away from the cafeteria and kitchen area so they\'re not exposed. then wad up a few pb&j sandwiches and deliver them rectally to the school administrators. although most of their decision making is done in that area, there\'s always room for a sandwich.',1
'ok, so what. what about the late night liberal leftist asses who called bush a communist and hitler. come on state controlled media, it\'s a double standard in action',1
'sounds like you are ignorant racist to me.  i bet if i called you a **** you would be calling me a racist.  but since you are black it is okay to call me whitey.  double standards at work again.  i love you as a person no matter how you feel about me.  doesn\'t mean i have to like you though.  god bless you.',1
'out of ten comments  (newest) six are derogatory. that is so very,very sad. jesus wept and so do i.',1
'then it will be the gluten allergy and there will be just water :)',1
'is this not freedom of speech.  if he was represeting the rodeo then they should have cleared his material with them prior to performing.     it was not racist only bad taste',1
'i earned every penny of my investment capital, fool.  i was taxed on it, then i invested what was left over, and then was taxed on it again.  at the same time, the companies i invested in were taxed on the same profits that we shared.  that money was taxed three times, all while you are sitting on your ****.  so stfu.',1
'well that just proves the point of intelligence over looks. palin proves that everytime she opens her trap...',1
'lol, they don\'t talk about thier policies, because they don\'t have any.',1
'wildrose            i am pleased the north cascade pass was chosen, but the photo doesnt show the bright colors we have in october. it is a beautiful drive with high peaks and  blue lakes. the leaves are  red, orange, yellow and rust in october. when the first snow falls, it looks like frosting covering the high peaks. it is beautiful.',1
'oh yeah!  sounds like it would make a great reality tv show titled "drama queeens baggage exposed".',1
'the clown should not be fired. the obamas should. at least the clown is not trying to turn the country into a communist state. besides that every black comedian i have ever heard tells racist jokes. i was never a racist person until i became an adult and observed how racist both blacks and mexicans are. why is it everyone wants whites to be tolerant of everyone and everything yet minorities are allowed to be as racist as they want. does not make sense. i am glad i live in an area that is 98% white and violent crime is almost nonexistant.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i voted for him because he was the smartest man in the room!',1
'they are 19% acting like they are 90%',1
'bacon.',1
'the u.s. spends about $3.6 billion a month in afghanistan,  maybe we could.............?',1
'i wouldnt be surprised if she she was conceived at the track ya know them thar rednecks are a lil different then most folks.....lol',1
'yes it is racist but even more it is degrading to women. white or black. where is kindness and respect.',1
'the office, good riddance to a stupidly bad show.',1
'@dude..you forgot to add how those white slave masters will burn in hell for this atrocity that they caused against my people. whoooooooo..hooooooo  ​ oo..what a great day it will beeeeee',1
'it doesn\'t make me gag, but i sure need to hit the crapper after an hour.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes, the nation does seem to be suffering from chronic stupidity...and you are the leader of the pack.  you are lucky...most people suffering from peanut allergies can\'t even touch something that has a peanut base.  if they do, their throat will close up and they will suffocate to death.  but hey, since it doesn\'t bother you, no one should care about it...right.  because what matters most is you.',1
'a kaleidoscope of thoughts flood my seemingly empty soul, as i await the return of the blue horizon.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'racism is not proper anywhere. you should realize this and act like an adult yourself.',1
'will this country never get past racism?  racism comes from people of all colors, why not judge the person by their actions?',1
'honestly if a child is so severely allergic to peanut products that they will die if they are even in the same room as a peanut, they probably shouldn\'t be in a public school setting. i\'m not saying this to be mean, but seriously, if a child is that severely allergic they need to be kept home where their safety is assured. an allergy this severe means that that child cannot go to the park safely, cannot walk into the grocery store or go to the mall. you can regulate what comes in the lunchboxes, but you can\'t regulate transfer from the homes of other children. if you research, most peanut allergies actually are not life threatening; it\'s not a case of either you\'re allergic and will die or you have no allergy.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'here\'s the true test of funny.  could he tell that joke in a room full of african americans?',1
'he was playing her.',1
'the romney campaign is collapsing like a rotten vegetable.  they need a bain consultant.  lol. racist jokes by loser rodeo clowns hasten its\' demise.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'don\'t confuse me with your logic, common sense, and rational arguments.',1
'and so is your mother. damn her for carrying you and cursing us with your birth',1
'wow... you should quickly get help for that anger problem.  also learn some viable communication skills so you can express yourself in a way others can understand.',1
'he\'s a dem and does not know any better. he\'s drank the cool-aid.',1
'and you are a moron.',1
'don\'t worry. as soon as mittens is prez people will be forced to do their genealogy along with their tax returns so the mormons can baptize all their dead relatives. it will be really funny to see what happens to these ignorant racist hillbillys when they find a black relative or two in their family tree. lol',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the real retirement age should currently be about 82.  reasoning?  when instituted social security set the retirement age at 65 when the average lifespan was 61.  thus ss expected to pay benefits to fewer than half the people that paid into the system.  current average lifespan is 78, thus the curren retirement age should be about 82 to match the expectation of paying benefits to less than half the people that paid into the system.       now do you understand what is wrong with ss?',1
'yeah, he wasn\'t even in "smokey and the bandit 12"..... right?',1
'this is so not worth it. if you must flirt with the idea of telling off everyone you work with before moving upward and onward, just imagine it, journal it, or talk about it with a trusted friend ... don\'t write it in an email!!! even if it never comes back to bite you, it\'s just not a classy thing to do and i have never seen taking the high road be the wrong move.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'george w. bush took more vacation than any other sitting president. you have your head up your lily white a**. check the facts if you wish, but you won\'t let facts cloud your judgement, now would you.    i have said all along its not that the president isn\'t the "right" man, just not the "white" man.',1
'you forgot the upper midwest and the great lakes. michigan has awesome color as does wisconsin.',1
'how do you think we should react to the killings? saying sorry to those murdering losers isn\'t the right answer to me, what do you think? in my opinion, there should be retaliation on our part for killing some of our citizens.',1
'life is so lonely .i am a rich and single man at present .i need a woman who can love me back .i also uploaded my hot photos on richsingleclub. under the name of jeff1098..it’s the largest and best club for seeking ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, investors, entrepreneurs, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities.please check it out!i’m serious.',0
'wow, rupert is about to be disowned by the lgbt idiot cabal, finally some logic from a gay person, could actually help the homo cause!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'no as it was funny',1
'curious did they also take full responsibility and serve him a free lunch!!!     and i am sooo sorry but ban on peanuts/nuts inschols is simply irresponsible politicizing, not all kids have such allergies, in fact the majority do not. and if your child is allergic then tell them so and to stray away from specific foods----such as responsible parents have been doing for centuries!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'the current administration is a miserable failure. the whits i know will not work under this ****.',1
'aaaaaaah wallace is upset!  here\'s a tissue!',1
'nut allergies can be severe.  however, it\'s not a reason to ban healthy children from having them. it should be responsibility of allergic child\'s parents to teach him or her to stay away from those products.   i have a number of allergies mysels, so since my childhood i know what i can and what i can\'t do.',1
'so it is ok for potty mouth children to be running around calling other people names - because it is their right.? parents do not need to chastise their children for being rude and disrespectful in the guise of free speech. i am guessing it is these children who have grown up to become the nasty persons they are today as of right. their mommas and daddas probably did not raise them right. classless!',1
'still more than what your mama getting at the truck stops...',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'it is false to claim that the lower your income the higher your state tax rate.   someone making $20k likely pays nearly no taxes, state or federal.',1
'poor elizabeth taylor, a rose among the flawed thorns of the talentless twits in the morass that is what today is known as fame.  she deserves better.  lohan, she just needs to go away.',1
'the "national geographic" part i guess; very tame if you ask me. from this article it appears as though he didn\'t even reference monkeys or naked pygmies or west nile mosquitoes getting home food.    witch hunt.',1
'go do it tough guy.',1
'man, racism still exist, pretty sure you have no black friends..  wow, what century are you from you racist bastard??',1
'how does this translate into a "racist" joke???   i have heard this old joke for decades, and all it insinuates is the girls ugly.  pretty girls get playboy...ugly girls get national geographic.  i dont see any race issue.  like she is sooooo ugly i wouldn\'t take her to a dog fight..even if she was the defending champion.   some people see racism in everything when they want to.',1
'her a$$',1
'bush and clinton were political figures.  this joke was not about the president, but about his wife.',1
'don\'t make me come over there wally!!',1
'disgusting. not even ripped.  and he would be terrible in a fight because he can barely move. zero mobility. he has literally handicapped himself.',1
'yes, he is a pig, and men should be ashamed to be associated as the same sex',1
'it\'s a bad joke, and a racist joke. i did not find it funny - and i think he should be ashamed of himself.  but people can say what they want - and we can choose to not like it.  it\'s that wonderful thing called being an american.',1
'you are twisted and sick',1
'weather',1
'i don\'t want to see any obama naked...i just want to see them move out of the whitehouse.',1
'who would you sue. the little kid. its not the fault of the school. oh i guess you would be one that sues the manufacturer of the peanut butter and the grocery store from which it was purchased. where does the suing stop and the common sense and teaching the children come back into the conversation',1
'the money she is suing for is for false imprisonment. they kept her "detained" at the store for hours (until 5 am!), and then when the police told the manager the money was good, he tried to give her the ripped money back! then the manager insulted her further by saying he didn\'t believe the police and that he still thought her money was "fake". they also told customers that she was being arrested for passing bad money, which was defamation of character.     $74,900 wouldn\'t be nearly enough for me. false imprisonment, defamation? kept for hours overnight? triple that and you\'d have what i would be suing for.',1
'come on now...really',1
'it used to be no booze, that did not work, it went underground then the smoking police in 1964, people switched to cigars, then the greece police, every thing went no fat calories etc. the mayor needs to be the mayor and stay out of the food business. does he want to limit drink sizes because he is fat,or some he feels it wouild help?  . . it is just like the obesity police and pickiing on children. go to any school, dr office, hospital and they set the example and wonder why the nation is getting bigger. all this education, even tv shows telling everybody how not to be fat and eat and drink. my dad, bless his soul, used to tell me don\'t do as i do, just do whati i say. that really works!!!!',1
'planet of the apes anyone?',1
'i\'ve told jokes dealing with different races. you have to be able to laugh at yourself and your race. there\'s a limit though,when it comes to the first family. i read playboy magazine and have a subscription. i don\'t think that was cool to ask any of these two women to pose. now some of these other ladys,i feel that\'s ok even when i think they\'re being exploited. i like rodeo and being it\'s a dangerous profession even for the clowns,this guy went too far. show him the door,i hope the door does\'nt hit him in the "****",as he leaves.yall have a nice day. maybe the clown can go on the show "yo momma".or "the original kings of comedy".',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'bdub....phck u',1
'as long as they gave the kid another sandwich there shouldn\'t be any problem. they should have and probably did tell his mother not to send any pb&j to school. i read about some guy eating a peanut butter sandwich and kissing his g/f later and she died from the traces of pb on his lip\'s.',1
'if there is money to be made in the market, goldman sachs will make it.  they aren\'t in the habit of sharing.',1
'one of millions with the guts to say what\'s really on his mind.',1
'yes i do. only god would have a part in this.',1
'i think this story may have already "jumped the shark."',1
'what a delight for pedophiles. it\'s not ok. what happened to training pants? train your kids to not wait until they can\'t hold it back any longer. believe me, kids at age 2 can easily be trained. i went through 2 toddlers and neither made a peepee in public. specially my little girl. kids have accidents so better be ready to bring extra clothes and underpants.',1
'yeah tear the money in half, then take it home and paste it back together.  my theory only!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'of course he should be fired. that was an extremely sexist and racist. why would any of these women who are highly educated, classy, contenders for the white house be the but of such a tasteless degrading joke.  and it is clear that he has relegated the first lady of the united states to the extremely lower position   posing for national geographic suggest some type of primitive existence and $50.00 signifies as what he deems her worth. he should never work again, joke or no joke this is extremely degrading and the citizens of this country should not accept this type of sexist, racist talk on any level it is extremely harmful if we are so low class and tacky of a people to accept this what\'s next? please as a country  we really don\'t need this type of lowly behavior and talk setting us back 1. as women 2. as black women 3. overall as a people. it will affect us all.',1
'no they\'ve (the so called 99%) had that one wrong for too long.  it is more like 15% percent are the employers and thank god for them cuz i have a job.... and less that 1% are extremely wealthy either inherent or virtue of their athletic or celebrity abilities.  then there is  the  .05% that begrude anyone with wealth period.  these are the ones who love to take up the cause of those wanting what others have and feel their share of the pie is their right.  another small percentage  believe the only part of the constitution they choose to rally for is the part that defends against oppression of the minority.  i believe this too but not at the destruction of our free democratic society.  they\'ve been allowed to twist things so much that the courts are now making it so the only ones with any rights are the minority.  so very disheartening.   i am not wealthy but certainly don\'t stand with those trying to divide this great country.  i salute anyone providing jobs and the means for a community to survive.  i certainly am not jealous of my employer and would hate to see the destruction of free enterprise.',1
'just stupid! thats all i can say',1
'ford f150s are the best selling vehicle in the states, and they are made in usa.  do some research and you will find that the big 3 still have more plants in the us than the imports combined.',1
'amen to you, i wonder what happen to those days of red foxx, and eddie murphy, lenny bruce,  richard pryors, this country went from great to wtf, we should thank larry flynt for his sacrifice for the 1st amendment, and churches should to as if it wasn\'t for him, our 1st amendment would have been crossed out years ago,  yeah this country has turned into political correct zombies, maybe when a plague happens they will be the first to go, then the balance will be corrected then,',1
'no attack.  your side is going to lose, because most people know  who you are, and reject you.  so long!!!!',1
'telling the cops to leave the naked people alone unless they cause too much of a distraction made the cops life a little easier. it also allowed people to think they were the center of attention until they realized no one cared enough to look at them. so they went further by having sex in public and wearing things that draw attention to their body parts. and still no one cared - how sad.      i think what s.f. did was smart, it created something to keep the tourists away! oh not all of them but enough so the city isn\'t swamped with them during the warmer months keeping hot heads cool ;)',1
'hate to burst your bubble" know it all" (how\'d you come up with that clever name ?), but into the final week of the 1980 election between ronald reagan and jimmy "i fold" carter the stellar polls you refer to indicated carter up by as much as 8 points. how\'d that one turn out for him. the only diference between the 2 light weights carter and obama is that carter\'s foreign policy, as bad as it was, makes barrack \'the apologzer" obama look like rambo vs. the late don knotts (sorry don. hope you can forgive me for the comparison).',1
'oops... by the child',1
'fire jesse from where exactly????  forget the fact that she is black for a minute.  lets say the clown said your mother was a $50 ho.  i guess you would take that as a joke huh.',1
'well, at least your first two sentences were coherent, even if they were constructed poorly.',1
'nut/peanut-free schools aren\'t legislated. the schools individually adopt these rules on the recommendations of teacher/parent/stude  ​ nt advisory boards, along with other school rules like dress code. for all those complaining about personal rights, the peanut ban is a great example of a school\'s freedom to respond appropriately and compassionately to a segment of their student population\'s medical need. without legislation, one way or the other, schools are free to adopt or recind rules as it makes the best sense for their students.  if your school of 600 has 1 student with severe allergy, it may make more sense for the student to eat at a nut-free table. however, if the next year, 15 allergic students are enrolled, the school going nut-free may make more sense.  any educators or school nurses care to comment?',1
'omg redneck can has a moment of brillance...lol',1
'that is hilarious. i haven\'t laughed that hard in a long time.',1
'look up the us debt clock educate yourself',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'all small inconveniences in the name of making something else much more convenient.   studies have also shown that drivers are more aware of their surroundings and take more precautions when on marijuana, that and the fact they can\'t breathalyze you like they can for alcohol, means the laws will just have to adjust over time.   that and it\'s almost impossible to tell someone\'s driving high, like you can when they\'re drunk. you\'d have to be pulled over for something else, or have bad luck in the first place, to have to worry about it.',1
'race traitor',1
'be sure to tell a bunch of racist jokes really loud at your job and see where that lands you. when you get fired, be sure to tell them "freedom of speech" (that\'s how it is spelled btw).      freedom of speech means you won\'t get arrested for it and that\'s a good thing. however, it does not absolve you of consequences for what you say.',1
'i just like that maggie has someone to play with that is as great an actress as she is.  this will make the show even better than it already was and the one liners will go down as classics.',1
'i know they were expelled.  the problem is that they weren\'t reported to the police.  the boy scouts only went halfway to doing the right thing.  they just let these monsters go and create a longer list of victims when they should have turned these perverts over to the police.',1
'ow, come on ! national geographic still has some pride !!',1
'isiu..at the risk of sounding arrogant, i have instincts for such things. we still need to keep bashing the dummies on here. it\'s has to do with moral...lol',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'someone, you need to get some common sense or don\'t reply. if my kid likes peanut butter, they have a right to eat it as long as they don\'t try to share with others. i guess if milk gives you gas, then i can\'t drink that either. dumb!!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it will not level the playing field, there will always be the rich and poor, we have to fight for the middle class. giving more money to the govt. doesnt help us any.. they just waste it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'ah...that would be the first ammendment, not the second. what is more disturbing is that nobody else seemed to catch that?????',1
'hey, it\'s just pelosi, already proven to be deranged, so why listen?',1
'an important distinction: democracy versus republic',1
'banned pbj\'s only?  what about cookies that have peanuts in them, like many chocolate chip cookies do?  what about candy bars?  they often have peanuts.  and what about other allergies?  many are allergic to eggs or egg products.  many are allergic to milk and dairy products.  i think they\'ve been too narrow in their thinking by just banning peanut butter sandwiches.  in fact, i think the best solution would be to just ban eating at school.  this would also free up another period where we could teach second languages or advanced mathematics.',1
'no, but public expectation is overrated so most people assume the new phone is the next best thing since nfl replacement refs.',1
'u kidding might be a lib commie and looking like moe the bartender,but giving up things paid from tax payers,never!!',1
'obama failed.  get over it.  next time maybe america will learn its lesson and not vote for a candidate based on his race.',1
'matska says it all. he expects the youth to pay his social security because matska is a socialist.',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== nudistpartner == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'and we care why?',1
'what actor if you take them and roll them all up into a ball of humanity     it would about to half a normal human that works every day',1
'i haven\'t seen it. i also haven\'t read rushdie\'s book.',1
'this just in: a rodeo clown is a racist.    good reporting, msn.  this is definitely main page news.  *rolleyes*',1
'he is the devil.......',1
'are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!                ',0
'i was a weekend rodeo clown in the late 60\'s and early 70\'s and told some off-color jokes, but nothing like this. we only had a few black cowboys in those days, but it only takes one to break your jaw. no need to fire him, just don\'t protect him and he won\'t be in shape to work anyway. i\'m an old southern white guy and i want to kick his butt...',1
'i\'m pretty sure i know who #2, #8 & #21 are.',1
'purchased from itunes...most songs are $1.  i\'ve also received itunes gift cards over the years and ripped all my cd\'s so i\'ve built up a good sized library.  love my ipod, can\'t imagine life without it!',1
'good post: simple but funny!',1
'the kids with the peanut allergies need to be in a no peanut private school. why should the rest of the world change for them? if you are allergic to something it is up to you to stay away from it, not the world\'s the responsibility to keep it from you!',1
'hey john5651,  you went to school. there were kids back then who had allergies to nuts and other kids brought their lunches and in those lunches were pbj sandwiches. those that were allergic did not eat with those that were eating pbj sandwiches. they didn\'t say no more pbj sandwiches are allowed . everbody got along and no one died. when your parents went to school, there were kids who were allergic to nuts and there were kids who brought their own pbj sandwiches into school. those kids did not eat their pbj sandwiches around those allergic. everbody got along and no one died....       .. the way i see it,.. i think the school district is trying to reduce the likely hood of potential law suits by by eliminating the liability. it\'s about their liability exsposue, not that the kids welfare doesn\'t come into play but if they can use the issue and ban all nuts and pbj sandwiches to reduce their risk, why not. i could be all wet but it\'s what popped into my head.',1
'yeah mister manners are you from this city?? meters are different everywhere do you see the + time and - times buttons?',1
'never heard of any of these blokes.',1
'oh my dang.....how racist......?????  what a bunch of crap.  why is the race card played every time?  i mean it does get old.  so they basically fired him over an insulting joke.  was it bad tast?  indeed.  ive seen worse at a roast for some celeb.  funny then but not funny now?  whatevs.',1
'why are we still having to hear about these "girls"???  are the cable networks really making money off of them???  they must... it\'s the only way they would still be forced upon us!!!  please give us a break!!!',1
'lawyers are the issue and the people that play the lawyer lottery are the reasons for s#it like this.    until frivolous lawsuits are under control, this will just get worse. you know who you are.',1
'no email.  take the phone list with you and keep in touch with the people trust.  one day, you might need a reference from these people - the ones you like and don\'t like.  you are done with this firm, why burn bridges for no good reason at all!',1
'i like all of them. i know my cat sleeps in some fairly strange places and in some really weird positions the like of which if i tried i would be going to see a chiropractor.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'wow.  it\'s sad that this clown told this "joke" about the first lady.  what\'s even more sad is that msn takes a backhanded slap at mrs. romney (i.e. wait, that\'s not the joke), in deffending mrs. obama.  just another example of how this "news" service is totally biased toward democraps and liberals.',1
'ever hear of spell check?',1
'just jealous because your too dumb to be president',1
'i guess that "e pluribus unum" thing isn\'t working out too well for a some folks. this isn\'t a "democracy" it\'s a \'hypocracy.\' america; where too much isn\'t enough.\' disgusting.     romney/ryan 2012... the best government money can buy. we should be ashamed of ourselves',1
'what real difference does it make? i say no - but this issue is near the bottom of page 17 on my priority list. that makes it exactly the kind of non-issue the republicans can use to whip their idiot followers into a frenzy. never fails.  but i could be wrong. when i go to the t!tty bar to watch a young girl who was rasied in a repressive christian home, molested by her uncle who was a church deacon, and was so psychologically scarred that she now makes her living humping a pole, it seems somehow fitting that it says "god" on the dollar bill i slip into her g-string.....',1
'thank you!  i agree wholeheartedly with your post.  i wonder what some of the people posting here would say about allowing a child to carry a pistol to school as long as it was loaded with only one bullet.  after all, it could only kill one child!',1
'you have freedom of speech, but that does not mean you have freedom from the consequences of that speech.  if you work for a company and you speak openly at a company event.  if the company wants to fire you for that speech it is their right.  there should not be (and in this case does not appear to be) any legal ramifications.  in life there are consequences for you actions and speech!',1
'airlines passed out peanuts for decades.  how many people died or were permanently impaired?     kids have been eating pbjs for years.  how many of them got sick or died from looking at someone else\'s sandwich?     five guys has a barrel of peanuts just inside the door.  are their insurance rates astronomical because so many people get sick or die in their restaurants?     why are supermarkets permitted to sell jugs of peanut oil, peanut butter, shelled and unshelled peanuts?     a ban cannot be nuts.  those who imposed the ban are nuts.  big time!',1
'my kids eat peanuts, almonds, walnuts and just about everything. my genes are good! they do not eat heavily processed foods.    you better put the lip lock on the gun barrel richard.',1
'christ also said that there will be many who have said, "lord, lord!" and he will say to them, "out of my sight, you cursed!  i never knew you!"    other religions enter heaven by living a life of love.  they want to be there because that\'s where love lives.',1
'ok...i predicted a reunion before the movie premiere.  this is all publicity.  they are not in a real relationship, never have been.',1
'funny how this article is about how she was treated poorly...and the comments here are nothing but rude.  i agree, she\'s not relavent, i don\'t know her name, or face, but telling someone to "go back where you came from" and to "get in the kitchen and stop complaining" when they tell you they were treated horrible is gross.  you guys are gross.',1
'bill     not all that bad for me. i suspect if i was a working stiff watching my 401k float sideways and hasn\'t recorved from the great obama contraction i might be cursing the putz. i think if you read enough and stick with the obvious preciosu metals, commodities, oil industry, water and dabble in a few quality companies that pay covered divdidend that have been rising over the year you too might be doing well.      but if your choices in your 401k are agressive or conservative you may be up the creek. tough luck buddy your employer picked an idiot to administrer your 401k. want to see how much you lost? go find all of your w-2s and add up your contributions. i bet you threw them out. oops, whose the dope now. ',1
'what, no pigs??',1
'7% annual average is definitely reasonable for long-term investments, unless you only have government bonds in your portfolio',1
'growing up, pur cats always slept in the unheated  basement.  from the footprints, one would frequently sleep on our freezer.  not on the part with the motor, but over the freezer compartment.  he\'d  also sleep on our car\'s hood.  one that hadn\'t been driven in several days.  most cats seek out warm places, not j.',1
'i do think that in many cases liberals are much too quick to shout racism,but in this case i think it is justified. think about it, african american women posing nude for national geographic, to me this smacks of racism. having said this i have no love for either of the obamas, but it is what it is what it is',1
'prefer not to see hitler as a meme, but hey, maybe that\'s just because i\'m german ...',1
'nancy is right on the money! even the republicans know that romey isn\'t doing very well in the polls.  when you can\'t even win over your own party that says it all! obama is not perfect but at least we haven\'t been attached since 9/11 which happened on bush\'s watch.  not only have we not been attached in the us; obama\'s military has captured a bunch of terrorists including osama thanks to the intelligence information that this white house has gathered.  deal with it people, you are the same people who said obama would not be elected the first time around, guess you were wrong!',1
'i am severely allergic to cats and dogs so if your child has a cat or dog and you want to come to my school you have to either get rid of it, or not wear clothes that may be contaminated with the fur.    what a joke.',1
'i am not voting for barack, but i like michelle obama. when your on top there wil always be people that hate you no matter what. this is not news. an idiot is an idiot. not worthy of a mention.',1
'this person needs to be publicly executed for telling jokes about our glorious leader.',1
'and click on all spmmers   see the spam butto there',1
'you can show them mine, i have no interest. take the madman from germany down a notch and you have they obamas.',1
'when the winds of change drifted to the left. oh, and i once saw two tornados in kansas collide and become one.',1
'hopefully it starts taking place in more parts of the country. by the looks of things my fellow americans could use the exercise and stress relief afforded by bike riding.',1
'barack is our president, i do not care if he is purple, show him and the first lady the respect that the office deserves.',1
'how is it that you can sit around and fail to see that it has long passed the time for obama to start taking the blame for what is happening in this country, four years in it is not bush\'s fault ,open your eys and try seeing the world though them instead of through those of pelosi, or feinstein, or for gods sake obama\'s. the guy is the depiction of a marxist (look it up) he hates what this country stands for.',1
'@dontlikehr no-sugar added jam, natural peanut butter, whole grain bread...what my daughter has taken for lunch almost every day and she\'s a junior in high school. l',1
'he\'s a very cool dog...and i think his eyes look bada$$!',1
'why is this funny and the rodeo cowboy\'s joke racist?',1
'um, phulk--the guy probably used asylum that could have gone to a prisoner of conscience somewhere else, and used it to peddle meth and defraud his relatives.     under those circumstances, even his asylum should have been revoked--it\'s not a death penalty to be coptic in egypt anymore than it is to be jewish in iran. maybe there\'s a danger from a fringe element, but i can\'t help but think of the guatemalan brothers who were gunned down in new york for holding hands by a right-wing extremist--there is danger everywhere. his answer to a nation\'s welcoming him into the fold was to commit several crimes, and then subvert his parole by assuming yet another fake name. the guy can\'t go home at this rate--they probably would kill him--but can\'t we at least try to send him to europe or canada or somewhere else that might give him asylum (he\'ll probably abuse it again)?',1
'not \'retarded\' but poorly educated.',1
'obama is a joke.',1
'if the tax break happens, bet that factory wont be in your samll town',1
'oh yeah,she values her bank account with passion',1
'mitt romney is not the potus nor is his wife the flotus .',1
'i am an 83 year old educated white southern gentlemen who was raised in the jim crow era.  back then, probably only the white trash would have considered this joke funny. appears not much has changed.  you can\'t fix stupid and you can\'t teach manners to white trash.',1
'ask me if i give a sheet.',1
'there was nothing racial in the so-called "joke".  it was tasteless and was directed toward women more than anything.  it\'s just a shame that "stupidity" is given so much press.  some people should try to consider the important topics brought up during this campaign in order to make in "informed vote".  the immaturity and disrespect of some people is shameful.  let\'s just say what it is and move on.',1
'no but that hasnt stoped me from helping them.',1
'i guess you have never seen the filth that saturday night live puts out in their skits to ridicule and make jokes about conservatives and people of faith.     as i said double standards run rampant in a country where the media is controlled by progressive communists.',1
'i liked the version of this video when they made hitler want to send in pokemon',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!                      ',0
'yes , it looks like the kids knew best after all don\'t it.',1
'and did chester township volunteer to help feed the children? chester must be a cesspool of rich inbreds!',1
'it\'s too bad that perverts tarnish the reputation of an organization like scouting. there are thousands of decent people working tirelessly without pay to make scouting a safe and learning experience to be proud of.  i think a blanket party should be planned for anyone caught molesting children..... then prosecute them, the another blanket party then jail them with the meanest pervert in prison......and as for nambla, don\'t even get me started here!!!!  friggin pukes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'if obama wins reelection, it\'ll show that the masses of the united states really have become mostly uneducated and have overlooked the economic and constitutional impact of another four years of obama.  it\'ll be the end of the united states...and if the people are stupid enough to reelect one of the worst presidents in the history of our country, we deserve exactly what we get...',1
'your not mikey but some delusional idiot that needs serious medical help   putitinme thugsrule,busted and reported!',0
'obviously like penn state and the catholic priesthood all the people that they are kicking out are 99 percent gay pedophiles, but they aren\'t discriminating, because i\'m sure if they come across a few heterosexual pedophiles they are kicking them out also!  bottom line, they are a private group and they are trying to weed out all the pedophiles, it just turns out that like the catholic church and psu the vast majority of them turn out to be gay pedophiles.  if the gays do not like this fact, too bad, so sad, it\'s already been to the supreme court, and the gays took it up the butt, which i thought would have made them happy, but from the endless crying and whining you have to wonder...lol.  maybe as we all suspect, the gays just like to cry and complain in public non stop, just to annoy everybody, no wonder so many people hate the gay agenda!',0
'yes.somewhere out there a lonely sasquatch cries for his daughter....',1
'i would asked how eating and sleeping he is in good physical shape and wonder if he has any tips',1
'and your white romney, will not share his tax returns, because he has millions off shore in the caymans. he is a liar and a cheat.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'no  just no.  and how does a mother and a fatehr work  i mean some dads are so abusive it\'s dangerous and some moms are so self abosorved they forget about the kid.  kids need parents, loving parents whter they are same or not but parents who love and support them',1
'lee, what are you talking about, they did not have ammunition!    "the decision to bar live ammo reportedly was made by the u.s. ambassador to egypt, anne patterson. remarkably, she seems to have deemed it was sufficient to rely on the egyptian government, controlled by the muslim brotherhood, to ensure the security of american lives and property. patterson, or whoever was in charge while she was away in washington, apparently adhered to this decision even as the seige of the u.s. embassy unfolded over an eight hour period."',1
'you haven\'t but they are more famous than derek jeter, reggie bush, and other american atheletes....   a few worldwide recognizable americans sport stars are kobe bryant, tiger woods, michael phelps.....',1
'my s3 is way bettr',1
'i guess the temptation was just to much for him.',1
'read the story- she is married to a doctor.',1
'th rolls looks like a tank.',1
'there goes msn again with the anti-god, anti-religion posts..."and for an extra bonus: no tebowing after the play"...seriously, msn, why do you hate tebow so much?  let him do his thing; it doesn\'t hurt anyone.',1
'normally i think people are too sue-happy nowadays... this one i can understand though... sure as a cashier you can confiscate the money and call the police if you suspect its counterfeit (which if the pen said it wasn\'t i wouldn\'t ever do it... those things don\'t lie.)',1
'i think making crass jokes about the president or the first lady, regardless of what party you belong too, is reprehensible.  lets just all grow up!!   yeah, i think he should have been fired!',1
'as opposed to the democratic party that doesnt like you if you are employed, work hard, and dont want food stamps...',1
'it\'s stupid and not funny.  but how is comparing an american black woman to african women racist?  i think it\'s offensive to some, because she was compared to a poor person.     i dislike the obamas.  but they haven\'t racked up anywhere near the innocent death toll of bush jr. by a long shot.',1
'gays don\'t indoctrinate because they know it\'s not a choice, so there\'d be no point.',1
'you are just a rightwing idiot. one of millions, it is amazing how all you seem to retain from hours and hours of rush limbaugh and fox "news" is uneducated drivel like this. how do you operate in the real world?',1
'you were right on target until you exposed yourself with the last sentence.  talk about a clueless moron!  that would be you oh dangerous one...',1
'why do all liberal douchebags think we care about where they live?',1
'white people are so defensive. tell the truth, you hate black people and you really hate our  potus. let\'s be real white racist redneck, hillbillies! you hate out half white potus. to you he is black, his half whiteness is meaningless!!',1
'look folks, you\'re not going to have a tax systems that\'s fair to the people until the people rule.  your government won\'t represent the people unitl the people rule.  there\'s no justice for the people, unless the people rule.  there\'s no "common defense" of the people unless the people rule.  there\'s no security for all the people unless the people rule.  there\'s no justice for all the people unless the people rule.  there\'s no liberty for the people unless the people rule.  a free market will never be available to the people until the people rule.  the "general welfare" of the people cannot exist unless the people rule.  in greek, people = demo, rule = cracy.  support the following constitutional amendment - "democracy being a necessary p',1
'i find it hilarious that we got people on here trying to question the rodeo firing this clown. the idiot made a joke, don\'t matter if it viewed as racist or just plain distasteful, that the rodeo felt crossed the line. i\'m an american that happens to be black and when i read the "joke", racism did not pop into my head at all. what did pop in my head was how disrespectful and idiotic a rodeo clown must be to say something like that at a public event.    in business, employees are subject to be firing for exercising their right to free speech if the owner feels that your actions are detrimental to the business or does not meet the standards that the business sets. you can say whatever you want, but you face repercussions for what you do or say, simple as that. i just think it is truly stupid for anyone to go after the first lady or the one that is looking to become the next one.    use your ballot, not your mouth if all you gotta say is nothing but disrespect.',1
'hell no that\'s funny',1
'she use to be hot. wtf..',1
'sounds like a new way to separate me from my money.',1
'why be nasty. the people who are unfair to you know who they are. someday they will receive their just does. i would rather leave with a clear conscience.',1
'no. i am very happy with my android.',1
'hey pres how are you ...... and the family',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it looks very scary - but strangely very beautiful - awesome picture!',1
'says the person who spells like a 4th grader. how did a car accident with fatalaties turn into who says nig%$#. the "oops" wasnt when you reallized how to spell nig%$, the "oops" happened when you were conceived.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'if buffet has a guilt complex, why doesn`t he write the goverment a big check? it`s on the irs form`s to do so.',1
'@tabby- i\'m not that old! food allergies were simply not common "back then." neither was asthma.',1
'i doubt it costs the school district anything to enforce it. it may sadly add expenses the families that are preparing lunch for their children because peanut butter is economical. every year i get a list of items not to send into school because of allergies, but i know the children and parents whom have the allergy and would never want to send in an item that may be harmful. unlike other allergies peanut allergy sufferers can be affected by very trace residues. i don\'t think it is issue of selfishness at all it\'s just an effort to protect others. can you imagine how a child\'s classmates would react if a classmate died. the kids now are very cognizant of allergy issues and try to look out for each other. i do not think that is a bad thing.',1
'the americans?',1
'wow, just reading these posts goes to show there is millions of morons in this country! open your eyes and see what this joke of a president has done to your country!',1
'here\'s a new one on me.  credit one bank is now offering its customers who "earned the privilege of a credit line increase", an increase of $100 to their visa credit card.  to do so now costs $20.  uh, what?  i earned the right to pay for the privilege of a credit increase.      thank you but . . . stuff it!    how lame.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'so when chapelle and the kings of comedy etc tell white jokes they are just jokes, not racism right? other whites??? don\'t try to fool people to thinking you are white. the syntax and grammer in your comment belay that.',1
'perhaps it is because the president has so little respect for us, those that voted him into office.  look, the comment was in appropriate and should not have been said, but it seems that it is ok when someone within the inner circle in washington makes these types of comments (i.e. vp joe biden), but when someone else makes these comments the media is all over them.',1
'that joke was less racist than jeremiah wright, the reverend at the church where he attended for 20 years.  gotta love the double standard.',1
'first of all, stay out of walmart.   their customer service skills suck, and they don\'t have the lowest prices.  you can shop for groceries at many better places that will double coupons and have a  higher quality of meats, deli, produce and bakery.  try target....i seem to do much better there, or shop a local merchant in the community and support family run businesses.  let\'s take back america, folks.',1
'your mother is a bitche',1
'i too, like gary rogers, wonder "where did all these "so-called" allergies come from. peanuts, milk, gluten, the list goes on for miles. what are the parents feeding these kids to make them allergic?  when i was growing up, we lived on dairy farms and ranches. heck, i\'ve even sat in the feeding trough the cows were eating out of, and picked the orange peels out of their feed. we had whole milk straight from the cow, not some pasteurized, chemical ridden version of milk that we have today. i sat on the hay bales cut from peanut grass and ate the peanuts. and, here\'s the good part, the large salt blocks that we put in the feed troughs, i\'ve licked many of those. (they are compressed salt, you know.) we drank sulphur water every day. funny thing, we never had all the diseases, and medical conditions kids have today. why, we lived a simple, every day life.   we never even heard of all this crap kids are getting today. i have a simple theory, though a lot of mothers will scream bloody murder when i say so, but, i think some of these so-called "allergies" are picked up from mothers that breast f',1
'thank you thank you.... it seems alot of people that are writing comments on this story are making it about them being rappers. yes it was a very irrisponsible thing to do. i just hope people think of their family\'s before writing any more hurtful comments.',1
'teachers think they are special people.  they have their own retirement system and don\'t contribute to social security , they \'re above criticism.  they make over the median wage and work only 180 -, 190 days a year.  that\'s 70 - 80 fewer days per year for better money.     plus the fact that they can stink at their job and still keep it.',1
'lol made my day <3',1
'i like that there going to/ plan to work with farmers and utilize local produce.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'yes ! banning item\'s for all is crazy because one out of 10,000, these people that are allurgic to something should be up to the individual them selve\'s . our coutry is becomming a police state and should be stopped , like banning one kind of plastic is stupid ban milk container\'s and all plastic.',1
'yeah..... but still funny as hell!',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'he should not have been fired for being racist..but he does need work on his material...i am sure he could have come up something better than that!',1
'why lindsay?  because she did not also steal things, go commando and generally make herself a pain to the le community.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'dontlikeher, a lot of people grew up eating p&j sandwiches and are not "obese" today, the kids sit at the computer all the time instead of going out to play. that is why they are obese!!you "health nuts" seem to think that you will live forever from eating that health junk! you people are brainwashed by the health crap industry!!',1
'1 thumbs down? must have been some homo!!!! lmao!!!!',1
'i don\'t. i still listen to (and have ripped to mp3) the 200+ cds i\'ve owned for years. i guess i\'m just lame and old, lmao.',1
'nope',1
'but you\'re wrong.....george w has been the worst president ever! obama is cleaning up his aftermath',1
'i find it amazing that the "whole student body" suffers when they can\'t bring peanut products to school.  those poor suffering children!  have you given any thought to the suffering the parents of the child with the peanut allergy would undergo if he/she dies from exposure to peanut butter?  your sympathy for the "suffering" of the children who may eat all the peanuts and peanut butter they desire anywhere but at school appears to be misplaced.',1
'i totally agree with enough bs crap. regardless of your party you should never disrespect our leader\'s families. as far as the racial part of it, can no one see how they dubbed this racial? associating ann romney to playboy and michelle obama to national geographic. really people! how many rich, white ladies have you seen in ng without their clothes on? it\'s shameful that this man would say such a thing. so many children look up to the first lady, and hopefully will continue to do so. the continuation of stupidity and thoughtlessness have no limits. geez!',1
'i don\'t get it either - must printed here to get sympathy votes for obama.',1
'i did ask for original comments. the ratings on here don\'t amount too much, only the election does. you little twerps i was talking about on here don\'t vote any way.',1
'racism is unacceptable, no matter which side of the political spectrum you stand on.  there is nothing wrong with utilizing free speech to criticize the president if you think he\'s done a poor job.  but for making a joke like this, the man in question no doubt deserves to be fired.  in a perfect world, he\'d be punished even more severely for that type of behavior.    i am not an obama supporter, nor am i a supporter of any other political candidate.  i am, however, a free thinker who can look at these issues from a non-biased, neutral point of view.  racism has no place in decent society.  neither do homophobia or any other types of the rampant hatred that plague this country, but that\'s another discussion for another day.',1
'i\'ve always found racists rather unintelligent. if you can\'t say anything substantial to make a real point--don\'t waste  your time.',1
'meanwhile, the entire liberal media is telling jokes about romney.  the rodeo clown should keep his job, the media clowns all need to be deported or tried for treason.',1
'thank you!, so i take it you passed the 3rd grade too? thank goodness i\'m not the only one! ..lmao',1
'chic woods       wow you are stupid.       lets hear a few of his successful stats.',1
'fire his butt!!!!',1
'i aint no dadgum nerd, but there is nothing wrong with an iphone5. plus hitler was total **** who is getting a pineapple shoved up his **** in hell right now.',1
'this is as much about sexism as it is about racism. when men are in power, little is made of their physical appearance, but women are scrutinized under microscopic lenses.   thank god for diversity or this would be a very boring world.  both ladies are attractive in their own right... it\'s not a beauty pageant.  i am proud of our first lady.  she represents us regally!',1
'tax brackets made sense, but public servants must live in the same district as they work in??? nooooo.. sorry, taking away freedom that is what this country is "supposed" to be founded on.',1
'so, just curious...\'to each according to his need and from each according to his ability"?',1
'i never thought of it that way!',1
'maybe the hosts of "what not to wear" could do a special edition for san francisco.  i see some interesting possibilities.',1
'bill clinton is a bilderberger, remember? or do you obamazombies still pick and choose your memories',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'paul olmstead, you apparently don\'t know sh_t about the first amendment. it protects the freedom to speak freely only against government suppression of the same. you have no right to speak freely when on privately owned property or in a discussion on a non-government owned website. in a non-government setting your speech can be censored and/or forbidden as often and as much as the owner deems necessary. educate yourself.',1
'lol,lol',1
'nope, you could not be more wrong...or ignorant!',1
'what  an inspiration you are to all us that can\'t get up in the morning. what you have to do everyday that we all take for granted. god bless and keep you happy and safe everyday. you are such a happy special person. when life  seems so unfair and i feel i can\'t go on i will think of you, and count my blessings.',1
'were was the outrage about the jews being killed? surely you are kidding? there were over 400,000 american soldiers alone who died not counting all the other countries who lost soldiers that fought to stop that atrocity, i would say that showed a lot of outrage.',1
'@smarter than the average... - obama does not hate what the country stands for, he hates what it has become and these feelings are the same of its citizens in the 99% group.      the way we argue for welfare is the same way they argue for more tax breaks for big business. big business has proven to no longer have intentions to help its citizens and then they ship more jobs to coutries where they burn the american flag over a movie. maybe if big business actually invested in their coutry there would be no need for welfare as more jobs would be available. continue to be blinded by the groups you associate with',1
'who doesnt think he should be fired? rascist  comments by a stupid rednecks,  im reading the other comments by the rest of you clowns hiding by the anonymity of the web, i\'ll bet you wouldnt say that to someones face.    one to many hoofs to the head!',1
'respect is earned, he has earned none!',1
'greyfriars! that\'s it.  couldn\'t quite remember the name of the cemetery.  there is a greyfriars in london but this particular greyfriars [which greyfriars bobby is linked to and buried outside of] is in edinburgh, scotland.       sad the dog couldn\'t be buried next to his owner [buried outside the cemetery] ostensibly because the cemetery is \'consecrated\' ground.       consecrated my foot.  speaking of the supernatural, :) a friend from the states had occasion to travel to scotland this year.  he asked what places i\'d recommend he visit.  {from the uk but i work in the states.       a fellow engineer, he was all air talking about \'logical, scientific, rational yada yada yada\' {never seen a scientist',1
'wow,what a bunch of ignoramus\' posting here ! monkeys?? you people need some manners. morons.',1
'love him!   i can\'t wait to see his next endeavor.   always fun to watch.',1
'i guess america isn\'t a free country after all......',1
'neal in denver, i had to create an account here just to let you know what a pathetic angry bitter man you are. i have gone through 4 slides and all of them contain some negative comment about each show. shut up and change the channel. last time i checked, your bitter **** was not the only one watching television.',1
'jerbear, "really" ????   no help from the government????? go back to sleep!! there are "all kinds" of help for immigrants and minorities to start businesses... hellooooo',1
'just another intrusion by big brother violating our personal liberties',1
'no, and don\'t care too.',1
'wow is that a stupid post....the glass-steagall act was signed by clinton. obama has sent more money to wall street than any president in history, and has run up the national debt more than any president in history.',1
'no, it\'s not ok. the source article said they were in a store, and they wouldn\'t let the kid use the bathroom (you want me to spend my money in here, but my kid can\'t use your toilet? i don\'t think so). still, i\'m sure he didn\'t wait until he was ready to burst before telling mom he had to go. i raised two kids, and neither one of them ever had an incident where they had to drop pants and pee instantly. there was always time, even while driving. i think this is mom\'s fault.',1
'some tax protesters argue that filing of federal income tax returns or payment of taxes is "" (in the sense of "not a legal obligation") based on language in the text of numerous court cases, such as the following: "our system of taxation is based upon voluntary assessment and payment, not upon distraint" (from the u.s. supreme court case of .)  protesters cite documents that, they argue, stress the voluntary nature of taxes:    "the taxpayer must be liable for the tax. tax liability is a condition precedent to the demand. merely demanding payment, even repeatedly, does not cause liability... for the condition precedent of liability to be met, there must be a lawful assessment, either a voluntary one by the taxpayer, or one procedurally proper, by the irs. because this country\'s income tax system is based on voluntary assessment, rather than distraint [levy by distress], the service may assess the tax only in certain circumstances and in conformity with proper procedures."  --bothke v. fluor engineers & construction, inc., 713 f.2d 1405 (9th cir. 1983).    "our tax system is based on individ',1
'have you been to the grand canyon (grca)in the fall/winter? i lived at the grca national park for 8 yrs.  i have been to the area that you mention and that part of the country is gorgeous during the fall. however, it\'s not the canyon he put an emphasis on but the drive from flagstaff az. which has thousands of aspens and a few oak trees. the north rim of the grca is even better because of it\'s aspens, meadows, etc.',1
'and everybody knows that nancy pelosi will never be smart',1
'my goodness - you sure do state a lot of things that have yet to be proven as fact...i.e., kristen would not have told rob (playing god here?)....there was rumors of a possible engagement (tabloid fodder, really)...it was the easy part for rob and kristen to "get back together" (if even that is the official case)....you can never state what someone was "feeling" or what someone "would have done" or "what would have happened if".....just lay off....',1
'what do suggest schools do if a kid is allergic to the sun. make all kids sit in the dark?',1
'i recommend you a very good 50+ dating place~~~【over50luv】~  ​ ~~ it\'s only for 50+ senior singles, baby boomers or retired people to find love, companionship and much more. if you\'re part of the 50-plus-age group and you\'re looking for love again, over50luv is here to help!-----i hope you like it.',0
'the "clowns" will be the people that vote for her husband on november 6.',1
'that is what i am saying.. romney gave 2.4 million to charities.. think about that. to feed the hungry, house the homeless etc.. where do we get off saying he isnt doing his fair share. romney does not take over companies and lays off 2/3. quit lying for you obama hitler.. he helped 10 businesses and lost 2.. better than all 10 going down the tubes. he goes in and tell the company how to stay alive. they are already in troble and he tells them how to stay viable.. some of the companies dont go under until he is long gone from them. that is not his fault.. letsgo21  you need to check your facts. you dont know what you are talking about.',1
'these women (both ann romney and michelle obama) are or could be representative of our country throughout the world --  poor taste -- should be fired for the entire joke.  why isn\'t america respected by other countries -- because we disrepect our leaders with no consequences.  had this been a muslim country - i bet he would have been beheaded.   this is why we are dying in other countries - they respect their symbols and we reject and spit on ours -- so they feel free to spit on us.',1
'i am so tired of every one else having to look out for other people\'s kids.  it is not my child\'s responsibility to be responsible for someone else.  parents, if your kid has allergies, educate them of the dangers.  the is your job.  be a parent.  it is not my nor my child\'s problem.  as long as my kid is not forcing your kid to eat it or touch it, leave my kid\'s lunch choices alone.  when you have kids you should know there are responsibilities that you have to take care of, not others.',1
'tv is still free.  i did away with cable 15 years ago and have never missed it.       people are always shocked to find out i don\'t have cable.  i have the "silly" rabbit ears (and a converter box now that we\'ve gone digital and i still have an old tv - nope, i won\'t spring for a new one, either) and get about 25 channels, which is more than enough.       funny thing is, people are shocked to hear i don\'t have it, but at the end of my conversation with these shocked people, they always say the same thing: "well, there\'s nothing on cable, anyway."       so why on earth are you paying for it?!  sheesh!',1
'3 1/2 yrs. ago was the first time michelle obama felt proud of this country...her words. nuff said.    when you have nothing to say...call them names. it\'s okay, though. i\'ll refrain from the same...but you\'re only worth this single response...',1
'but i must say if barack ever wasnt a divorce i\'ll take her off his hands.',1
'republicans want to give tax break to the rich, and let it trickle down to the rest. don\'t know about you, but i\'m tired of getting the scraps of the rich. **** didn\'t work for the old president, and i don\'t even want to mention his name. this old america that people are used to with manufacturing and foundry jobs are a thing of the past. forget about it, it\'s not coming back, take your **** back to school and get a education in something other then general labor. take pride in yourself, better yourself, stop waiting on a government to come in and make the country better.',1
'exactly!  my daughter has a peanut allergy, though not as severe as your child\'s.  she can be in the same room with it as long as it doesn\'t touch her.  none of her classmates mind not being able to bring pb & j for lunch - they understand it could make her very sick or worse.  they see the value of a life as more important.  it\'s too bad there are parents who teach the opposite.',1
'aren\'t they just small rabbits?',1
'a dog will never look down on you for what you do. a dog will always appreciate the time that you give them. a dog is never too busy to lend an ear to your troubles, or you take your mind away from your aggravations by being there for you. in my life time, the most loyal friends i have ever had were dogs. it\'s heartwarming to know there are true friends out there, though it\'s sad that there will likely never be one of the human race, what with it\'s holier than thous, and zipping around in it\'s every day life trying to get ahead. sigh.',1
'yes, i\'m sure you have heard this one before...you are an idiot.',1
'yes, if he is black.       listen to the hate that chris rock spews?',1
'what a bunch of "nutz"!!  a ban on peanuts because of someone\'s kid has an allergy?? has america stooped that low to allow a ban on a great food item?? is that school system really run by morons that will ban a food item, because of one or two students that are still drinking mommys milk!!!!!!   ohhh mmyyyy ggooodddddd!!! are we really allowing this??  i would have taken that another pb&j back to the school and smeared it in the principles face and told him to pay me for that pb&j....  how pathetic..  the mom that started this ban of peanuts with the school board is the biggest nut ever , along with that school board to bow down to such stupidity....  how spineless!!!!',1
'god, no one ever cared what she said every time she opened her mouth as the house speaker but doesn\'t this lady ever shut up? she doesn\'t get it that even her own dems don\'t like hearing her run her mouth! but as the house minority leader she does seem to know something about the way the vote is planned to go.. i wonder just how much the dems do know about setting up the voting machines and programing them. they talk about rigged elections everytime they lose but it seems they are the ones with something up their sleaves for this election and she let the cat out fo the bag!',1
'i know what you are talking about rebel, my father would beat our dogs something fierce, i think that is why i am so against animal cruelty as an adult. hate it with a passion and people need to start being held accountable for their actions!',1
'thatta boy ken... what are in 7th grade?',1
'if it were my kid i would send him with pbj every day. your allergy is not my problem nor is it my responsibility to prevent your allergic reaction. build a peanut free room to quarantine those that are allergic if you\'re that worried about it. quit living in fear people!',1
'no question the country is in better shape than it was at the end of 2008. i\'m leaning toward obama, primarily because trickle down economics does not work, and i really don\'t want to see the neocons back in charge of foreign policy.  i admit that i voted for bush in 2000, so my judgment is obviously flawed.     i think the real problem is our entire selection process.  potential candidates who would do a really good job either don\'t want to prostitute themselves to raise enough money to be competitive, or they do not want to take extreme positions in order to appeal to the base of their respective parties.     one way to fix the problem is to limit private donations and use public funding for national elections.  the supreme court has pretty much eliminated this option.  i would also like to see a viable centrist third party, so we could vote fo',1
'if the empty chair pres is out there could someone let him know . he should be addressing the issues at hand. not playing duck dodge and hide from everything.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'not from arkansas,but billy bob you are an idiot. what is wrong with you?',1
'this post is living proof for the world to see that the true racist in america are black..',1
'well, i\'m not confused! i understand exactly what you said, and i agree wholeheartedly! it\'s long past time to get over it, and get on with it! i\'m a 56 year old white woman, and i really want to know..... why can\'t everybody just get along???',1
'@keith richards - didnt know you were still alive but actually michelle is the only first lady with curves (dont be intimidated) and i believe she is priceless ;). romneys wife looks like something andrew zimmern would eat since it looks like a wrinkled sack',1
'leave this clown alone! it\'s the one in the white house we need to fire!!',1
'car rides!',1
'no, but a burger with a fried egg on it? um yes please, delish!!!',1
'i think actors\' opinions on anything is an extension of their acting.  opinions are like butts, everyone has one, and most of them stink!',1
'every stock in this article except food is down by as much as 3%.  do i misunderstand what "in orbit" means?',1
'only a racist would think of this as a racist joke just because obama didin\'t come out smelling like a rose.',1
'i agree.  que paso con las trigueñitas?',1
'hitler was quoted as saying "the use of slave labor by china to produce these things does have merit"',1
'the joke is not racist. it is certainly in poor taste. why is it that a white person can\'t say anything  about a black person? black people say negative things about a white person and it\'s ok. only whites need to be politically correct. it is b.s.',1
'not if you don\'t have one.',1
'you\'re spelling',1
'just another stupid kid that is being supported by someone other than himself and he can\'t quite figure out why. would i hire him? yeah...to wax my car.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no....it\'s not (except to a racist)',1
'our president\'s college transcripts would make for a much more interesting read than any of this tax talk crap.  i think we would all like to know who paid for him to go to college, and who paid his bills while he was enjoying his college time drug and alcohol abuses (self admitted, not trying to slander the guy).  this information would be a lot more damaging to our president\'s re-election campaign than any swiss or otherwise off-shore bank accounts.    democrats, be honest about your guy, be the leaders you say you are, then maybe we can get some honesty out of the republicans side as well.  oh yeah, both partys are a bunch of idiots, you are all clowns, and aren\'t fit to run a daycare center.  there, i said it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'how do you stop a kid from peeing? wack his peepee?',1
'want to hear a racist joke?? tune in to bet (black entertainment television) anytime they have comedians on. only it will be jokes about white people. oh, but that is okay! right!!!',1
'soooo...the first lady is an ugly, uneducated native that shows her tits? tribal paint and bones in her nose?   but you\'re probably right. folks are being way too sensitive to this type of thing.',1
'yes, sniff, sniff, (holding back the tears), allergies are real .............. and if you really have them .................. they are really your problem, not the rest of the worlds problem ............. really!',1
'i think nut #1 should be banned - mayor bloomberg!!!',1
'i bet you the school had been suede and that\'s why the ban they couldn\'t see a 400,000 pbj sandwich again it would give the entire staff a collective  heart attack',1
'why am i not suprised?',1
'artiell 11:  what does a clowns dumb joke have to do with teabaggers?   u r just another idiot associating conservatives with racists.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'idiot',1
'as with any species, fear, love, hate, etc. are all learned behaviors.',1
'freedom of speech dumdass',1
'why',1
'who is the nut that banned the nut?',1
'yea, there is not any real issue here, you dumb azz. i wish this would happen to you.',1
'don\'t pretend this is only happens in red states.  i\'m from washington state and my school had the same policy, although the only reason for it that they gave was that someone might be allergic and not know so nobody could eat peanuts.  worse excuse ever.',1
'your just another ignorant republican!!!',1
'at least we\'d be employed under darwinian candidate \'b\'.     1 %\'ers have always existed and always will. that\'s where the jobs come from genius. and no, not everyone gets to be a 1 %\'er. if we were all 1 %\'ers, we wouldn\'t be any better off because the price of everything would adjust accordingly and we would all just be average.',1
'our country is a tapestry of people that come together and makes us the united states of america, unfortunately it also includes ignorant people such as this real life clown. we gain nothing by firing him, instead he should be required to take race relation education, and apologize publicly to the first lady.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i hear they have this thing over there called rain.',1
'i think k.stewart is young and made a mistake, people need to give her a break. if they are back together great, if not life goes on!',1
'i think sb u got demcracy confussed with monarqy or comunism,good job by obama and his people washing ur brains',1
'the rule makes sense so little children can\'t wipe allergic stuff onto others. kids sometimes don\'t know the consequences of their actions. if they say it\'s a peanut-free school it better be a peanut-free school. poor kid is gonna be raised to bellieve it\'s ok to blow off the law/rules/regulation  ​ s. #stupidparents',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'ahhhh to be young and stupid again!  not!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'what would dr king say about all the hate you keep going?',1
'i hope is true for i believe they belong together i love them both, anyone can make a mistake she should be forgiven.  go kids go',1
'social security is not a welfare entitlement. we have worked our entire lives paying into the fund with the promise that it will be there when we reach retirement age.  for many people, social security is the only thing that they will have to retire on. take that away and you will have total anarchy. i for one will not roll over and say "ok, thats just the way it is." i will do every thing that i can to burn this country to the ground and believe me, i\'m not the only one that feels that way.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it\'s easy to understand how a blind dog can fetch - he follows his nose! it always knows! (where have i heard that?!)',1
', stop telling karen smith what to do! you\'re not the boss of her! i am! karen, bring over some peanut butter, a bottle of kayro syrup, the riding crop and some beer. i\'ll grab the lube and a couple of midgets!!! yeeeee haaawww!!!!',1
'the national geographic reference.......thin  ​ k about it fo just a minute.',1
'we can be allergic to so many things, how about items such as erasers used in school some of which which may contain latex, also many other foods which can  cause an allergic reaction to those who are allergic to them, such as strawberries, avocado, pinneapple, eggs, watermelon, chocolate, and th list goes on and on. we would have to ban so many things if we listen to every concerned school official,',1
'i see women that are the same age as my wife...i am soo happy she has had a little "help" along the way. her boobs are where there where they belong...on her chest, not her tummy, her smile lines are a few more years away and her skin is amazing, chemical peels do wonders.',1
'is he allergic to peanuts? because i had this discussion with me sister which was worse, being widowed or divorced. we decided it was better to be widowed because you get to keep all the stuff and you always know where the sob is.',1
'no, drawn and quartered.',1
'two $100.00 bills = $200.00.....    lawsuit asks for $74,900....    two hours of detainment does not equal $74,700!!    i do not shop at walmart, however this is not right!',1
'we all are just working for the man....like mice in a cage running on a wheel thinking we are getting somewhere but really just pumping milk to the fat cats so they can get fatter.',1
'obama and h clinton have blood on their hands. it wont wash off with blaming it on a video.',1
'first of all, whatever and bullsh*t, i don\'t believe this story to be true, not for a second.     what would i have done in this situation? picked up the tattered pieces of my money and gone to the customer service counter and gotten my $200 bucks back, and bought my giftcards elsewhere...',1
'thier goes 4 votes for obama.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'looking at oprah\'s figure over the years my question is, "what does this chef know about healthy food?   great!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'this is what\'s wrong with america.  we let the minority rule!',1
'what an idiot. at least nobody that wasn\'t an idiot in that car died.',1
'though your sentiment is good, your choice of examples leaves you open to ridicule from all the god haters out there, and really doesn\'t do much to help our cause.    i.e.  "where was jesus when i got pulled over for speeding??"  i.e.  "really??  jesus worked for aaa??"  i.e.  "don\'t forget, jesus also saved carrie underwood when her car hit black ice!"    a littel forethought would save you from this kind of derision! :)',1
'it becomes more and more obvious that this election is about right and wrong, about good and evil really. lies, racism, voter suppression....just pathetic. hopefully the republican party will die off and is  replaced by something honorable.',1
'yes it\'s racist. he should be fired. this type of nonsense must stop. haven\'t we evolved enough to realize no one chooses how or who they are born. this ignorance should nipped in the bud.',1
'let us see who will laugh and who will cry in november. forward!!!!!',1
'i bet he can suck a kok and take it in the ssa at the same time too! bahaaaaaaaaaaaahaaaa  ​ aaaaaaaawhaaaaaaaaaa  ​ aa!',1
'my nephew has life threatening allergies to nuts and fish. everywhere he goes, he carries an epipen. his mom and dad told him to be careful when he went out to eat and ask the right questions. if his friends or any of us went out to eat, we were not barred from ordering fish or salad with nuts just because he was there. when people have those foods around him the only thing he asks is that we wash our hands after we eat before we touch him and sometimes we will place a person between him and the food that could cause him harm. it is ridiculous to ban pb&j just because the minority of the student body has the allergy. btw... just curious... have they stopped giving fish sticks out at lunch time? or how about food with msg? or how about gluten in the rolls/pizza?',1
'you paid no tax when you invested in the company and bought the stock.    if the stock goes down in value, you can offset the losses against any gains of other stock you may sell.     you pay no tax until you sell.    if the stock goes up in value, you\'ll pay capital gains tax on the gain only.  you never pay it on the amount you invested (you paid that already).  later, if the stock rises in value, you can donate the stock or will the stock to someone else and no one pays tax on the gain (they also get a step-up in the basis of the stock to fmv when you give it away) - nice deal! ',1
'first of all...i wouldn\'t be having six kids!!!!!! that in itself is off the books as far as i am concerned, i have to hand it to her for having that much strength and energy, but that\'s what moms are for,.',1
'i believe that if two gay men or two lesbian women want to raise a child & give that child love, structure, stability, etc then i think it\'s fine',1
'i believe you forgot that the democrats had control of congress and senate since 2007 and obama inherited everything he voted for and against. you need to read his history of voting...real talk would know this and not write what you did...are u from chicago schools???',1
'so what happens when the allergic kid goes to a restaurant?  suppose another customer has peanut butter - should the other paying customer be denied the peanut butter?',1
'sounds like the " severe nut allergy" has come  with the invention of the term  "pc", has everybody going crazy total loss of all common sense......we are becoming a nation of idiots....',1
'this strike shows just what needs to be done to fix our national problem with education. make the teachers stand up to tests of their ability to teach and set curriculum that will properly educate our children. trying to teach for tests is not education. teachers do need to be paid properly for abilities.',1
'booya',1
'a little reality check here.  the u.s. has the highest corporate tax rate in the world, but u.s. corporations pay less than any businesses in the rest of the industrialized world.  anyone executive who hires employees is going to have to explain why he\'s increasing the "expense" of payroll.  failure to reduce such "expenses" would not only get the exec fired, but probably sued for vilation of his employment contract.',1
'how about the msn troll who inserted their own little editorial comment of "(wait, that"s not the joke)" ,  how "appropriate" is that?.....',1
'artiell1, are you one of the left wing lying, cheating, inbreed, ignorant freeloading, uneducated just plain stupid that believes in usama?',1
'your talking about a newborn baby ill bet you wouldn\'t have the balls to say that to her daddy\'s face, your the real trash!',1
'it\'s just very avante-garde (read: inscrutable and pomo) and quite frankly, if you want a book that looks at post-colonial india/pakistan from a former insider standing outside and looking in, midnight\'s children or shalimar the clown are better. however, there is nothing inflammatory in his book--never has been, never was. the fact that this ridiculous egyptian has revived the ire of equally ridiculous \'protestors\' and upped a bounty on rushdie\'s head in the process speaks volume about the level of ignorance--in all of our countries.      the only thing i can figure is that some people are bloodthirsty and have a persecution complex, and they have to feed it somehow (whether it\'s terry jones and this nakoula bozo or some **** with an al qaida flag halfway across the world). they all should have half the grace that salman rushdie has.',1
'you must be a redneck, adam. not a bright one,either. by the way, you are ugly.',1
'50% graduation rate? where at? there was like 10 kids that didnt graduate in my high school class and we had a class of 1300 here in texas at my high school. i am no math genius but that is well below 50%',1
'i am a military wife, and my life and time is not my own. career?? not really, we move every two years. and my husband does not make enough to cover two careers, on the contrary to hers. so if she gets paid, every spouse of a government service personel needs to get paid -- which i would find also ridiculous. i\'d have an idea: if you don\'t wanna do the strainous job of the first wife, just make sure your husband doesn\'t run again..',1
'no.  it\'s because they were tards doing tard things.  no one would get my sympathy for doing something so stupid.    that\'s not to say that some of the people on here sound like racist d bags who for some reason hate rappers, but i doubt that\'s the majority.',1
'i guess if this bakery isn\'t possum proof ~ i really wouldn\'t want to buy anything there !!!!!',1
'i find it interesting that if you mess with a pot smokers weed, the normally placid creature becomes almost violent. i love their logic...they should legalize it because it is not as bad as......! they should legalize it because it cost the government to friggen much money to keep it illegal.',1
'no.',1
'i was sad until i realized that no innocent bystanders died and no innocent people in other cars died. after i found that out i was hit with a sigh of relief.  but i do worry about the passengers. someone should have stopped him from driving.',1
'yes i do, there are people out there with nut allergies, but why deprive the rest of us who like pb&j, or who can eat it?',1
'sorry barb, you may not think you are a racist (although i doubt that) - but you are:  national geographic and naked women.....the first thing that comes to mind for everyone (including you, barb) is black women.     you don\'t have to say the n word to be a racist.',1
'what about all the lies being told about romney and his wife? politics has sunk to an extreme low and keeps going down fast. if one is not allowed then none should be allowed. where were the liberal pundits when the republican candidates and their families have come under attack? typical liberal divisionism!',1
'i just can\'t believe, so many people writing in are okay with this.',1
'nope, it will be obsolete in 6 month\'s',1
'she "deserves" respect for a joke??? really? wrong place and time for that joke, yes. sorry though, she is in a position to be joked on. if she doesnt want to be the bud of any jokes she can leave her position',1
'completely in bad taste and i find it insulting to the first lady and all black women world wide.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                    ',0
'i am sick and tired hearing about racism in this country!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     it is the likes of reverend al sharpton ... jesse jackson and the others that blatantly promote this "labeling" towards promoting their own \'give me more" agenda. they are the real "racists" in this country but somehow you just never hear the left wing liberal media (with their own agenda) ever do a slam dunk on these idiots!!!',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.             ',0
'you are a sad pathetic excuse for a human being. while you are sitting on your half dog chewed futon, wrestling your obese wife for the last tv dinner, and the rain tap dances on the aluminum roof of your trailer the rest of the world is progressing out of the 60\'s...it is quite unfortunate you aren\'t.',1
'10000000000000000000  ​ 0000000 thumbs bro!!! cause the fruits will give you alot of thumbs down and call you a hater for being honest!!',1
'someone who knows whats really going on in this country...knows that this government is a complete fraud. they dont care about any of us! we blew up the twin towers....we killed innocent men, woman, and children in our own country. so i guess our government loved us so much....that they killed thousands and blamed it on terrorists to bring us closer together. thank god for america right?',1
'you have no idea what you\'re talking about.  next time you\'re at the doctor, ask them about nut allergies.  you might learn something.',1
'no, i certainly don\'t. actors are just people that have alot of money and they pretend for a living. some people base their voting off of what some actors say which is sad. alot of times actors say crazy crap just to get their names noticed.',1
'booya',1
'heck yeah it\'s nuts!   yet another over-zealous bunch of dumbazz school officials with nothing better to do than make stupid policies!   it\'s pretty scarey knowing these "educators"  (tic) are "teaching" our kids.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                    ',0
'anyone who could say nancy pelosi is "right on the money" about anything,is clearly a danger to themselves, as well as society!',1
'beauty is in the eye of the beholder!  beauty also comes from within, and this comment of yours shows how shallow and unintelligent you are!',1
'do you stay up at night thinking up these names?  you are nothing but poison to america and that includes the democrats, the republicans, and the independents.  so go head up your own party:  ****ami.',1
'he hasn\'t done a very good job cleaning up the "white man"s mess. racist much?',1
'obama vote  thumbs up if you like obama   thumbs down if you dislike obama',1
'lol!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'amen!!!!! bravo!!!!!! well stated!',1
'maybe you\'re not worth $20/hr.',1
'the "joke" is about as racist as me saying michelle could star in the "planet of the apes" movie as dr. zira. its simply insulting.',1
'cesar millan has had blind dogs on his show. he said that when they\'re blind, they depend on your "calm assertiveness" to let them know they\'re safe. if you feel too sorry for them, they feel that weakness and it throws them off balance, because then the dog has to be the pack leader - and being blind, that isn\'t easy for them..    so, stay strong for suzy, and she\'ll be fine.    also, it wouldn\'t hurt to email everyone you can find online and see if someone will donate the $ or the operation for her - the worst that can happen is you\'ll get a "no."    best of luck to you and suzy.',1
'walking in the woods and the darn squeeky ball.... loves it!',1
'you clearly don\'t understand the concept of a "joke". look in the mirror, that thing you see, that\'s a joke!',1
'why would anyone with a sane mind vote this post down, unless they agreed with the hate groups....very scary! i commend kabelu on her comments....the  thumbs down crew should crawl back into their holes.',1
'.... adorable. three pages of commentary and not one person seems to get that the guy\'s making a movie reference.     nsfw     http:// www youtube com/watch?v=wkcoobyu  ​ u8g',0
'absolutely not!!!!   it\'s apparently ok to tell off color jokes about republicans but if you say anything about michele or barack you\'re being a racist.  give me a break!  when you are in the public spotlight it\'s all fair game.  get a thicker skin, michele.',1
'you are absolutely correct',1
'the white house is full of monkies and they still have to bring in an electrician.',1
'jj, people like you seem to be the poster children for romney/ryan and the gop/tp, which is just one of the reasons i can no longer support the republican party as i have in the past.  you people are incredibly looney toons.',1
'you are an insensitive @#$%^! these are elementary aged children on the school playground. the school officials were not around to witness the acceptance of said food. the child died on the playground because neither child was aware of nuts in the food. like i said... some schools have decided to be safe than sorry.       apparently this was important enough to receive a unanimous vote by virginia legislators regarding the epi-pen mandate.',1
'oh, no!!!  the rodeo clown demographic has turned against the obamas!!!',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'huge congrats to mom and dad!!!!  she\'s beautiful!!!    hat\'s off to nascar!!  tix are great, but it\'s all about family!!',1
'and this school district wonders why we (tax payers) vote down school bond issues.       when school districts make stupid rules like "zero tolerence", no penut butter & no religious cross.       you get no new taxes, no new pay hikes & no new extra sick leave days.',1
'you don\'t make a lot of sense.  you dump on obama, then tell us we need "an intensive program rebuilding the country\'s infrastructure...".  what do you think obama has been trying to do!  because of the opposition in congress we (the country) flounder along.  and, what does the opposition have to offer?  the same plan(s) they oppose!  again, you make no sense.  i applaud cat9 for wha\'s been accomplished in that 401k.  why are you mocking this person?  sitting on $400k in this economy is not too bad.  having the foresight to dump $$$ into conservative investments in feb \'08, how many people wish they had done that!  and, didn\'t the market just hit a high last week that hadn\'t been seen in 5 years.  doesn\'t sound like the market considers the current administration too dismal.',1
'gee do you think a racist would admit to being a racist.  or maybe in their circle of racist friends, they are the least racist because they actually don\'t use the "n" word around people that might be offended by it.     also, why does everyone seem to confuse political views with racism?',1
'i truly believe that "50% pay no taxes" is a bunch of bull. everyone i know (and we are poor people) pay tax on every dollar they make. even when you buy gasoline, half of it is tax. buy a can of soda pop and you pay tax. just how much tax are we supposed to pay. here\'s one for you, when you buy tires for your car, you must pay excise tax. that tax was added during ww2 and was supposed to come off when the war was over. we still pay to this day. up until regan no tax was paid on unemployment benefits. thankyou regan don\'t try and feed me that bull about paying no taxes, we pay more than ever before.',1
'if someone has an allergy to nuts, it is their parents job to teach them to avoid the item.  everyone else should not have to deal with the issue.  or, like another poster stated...put all the peanut allergy people in one classroom...',1
'"i like your christ, i do not like your christians. your christians are so unlike your christ."    mohandas gandhi',1
'so, no you didn\'t see the commercial.  if you had, you\'d know that i\'m being sarcastic as the commercial makes it blatantly obvious...i\'d ask if you were blonde, (i didn\'t want to insult anyone in the previous comment) but you clearly understand the internet isn\'t completely factual.  you really should see it. especially before commenting on something you\'re clueless about.',1
'please !! why do people even care what this whole bunch of idiots who are making millions off the ignorant stupid uneducated people that have no life and sit and watch this no talent family   my god what will this planet be like in the new generation ?? a bunch of stupid ignorant dumb !!idiots that sit and stare at the television. we are doomed for total failure',1
'two tickets to paradise. as long as eddie money does not personally deliver them.',1
'it\'s called   "political correctness" there is another term for it but i don\'t want to face the firing squad!',1
'why all the thumbs down? he is exactly right, the truth hurts...but we have to look at the facts and those are the facts. it simply can\'t continue this way...',1
'why can romney pay only minimum taxes and obama give away bilions to defunct companies, plus bail out banks, and then there is the 65 year old grandmother, raising 2 teenagers who buys out her retirement to pay off mortgage and other bill, so if she should die her husband, children, and grand children don\'t have to lose their family home (6 generations) has to pay over a third of a retirement earned over 30 years, in state and federal taxes, not leaving enough to pay off a mortgage held by one of the bailed out banks.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'i have a mother who happens to be 82,no way could she have worked till this age!! you dont know till you experience this for yourself!! 82 yr old retirement or even 70 is unreal!!',1
'i have never "met" a group of people who are more ignorant and self entitled than the posters on this article who think the kids with peanut allergies should get over themselves.  did you know people who have severe peanut allergies aren\'t just allergic to actually eating peanuts?  if the peanut dust is in the air and it gets on them, it could kill them.  did you know if someone doesn\'t wash the oil from peanut butter off of their skin and it comes in contact with someone who has a severe peanut allergy it could kill them?  you can\'t just "not eat" something and keep them safe.  and keeping an epi pen for when they do have a reaction is a great idea, but if all kids could eat peanut products every day, they would be using the epi pens every freakin day.  you need to realize that you are suppose to be the adults and as adults you should be worried about all children...not just the fact that your child can\'t have a pb&j sandwich.  grow up!!!!  children with deadly allergies should and do have the same rights as everyone else.  part of their right to going to school in a safe environment is not having to worry about dying because some idiot parent thought their child was better than e',1
'... thank goodness you\'re not in charge of anything ...',1
'insane,the kid with the peanut allergy moved on years ago. case by case common sense,guess the teachers/principle at this school are dumber than a 5th grader.',1
'evolution gets rid of the idiots.  good riddance and glad that they didn\'t hit someone.',1
'totally!',1
'"there are very few card-carrying democrats. there is an overwhelming majority of anti-republicans. "     and yet you epitomize the category: angry, stupid liberal.',1
'i hope that the comments have nothing to do with color, i would agree with you if that is the case.  i hope it has to do with what they are doing, not their color.  i don\'t like the obama\'s at all, i want them out of office.  rest assure that it is not about color, i vote for the best person and do not care about color or if they are a  dem or rep..  right now they have had their chance and i see no reason to keep them in.    as for being christian, well no matter what you can only turn the other cheek so many times before you have to act.  when we all come before god, no matter who\'s god it is we will reap what we sow.  also keeping in mind that we are all human, and sometimes we act like it, not always proud of it, but it is what it is.',1
'well someone\'s a mama\'s boy.',1
'if we\'re banning nut products then we also have to ban products that don\'t have nuts in them but are manufactured in factories that also deal with nuts. then we have to ban food from people\'s homes if they keep nuts in them. then we have to ban kids from school who aren\'t allergic because you never know they could have a snicker\'s candy bar in their pocket that would kill someone!    where does it stop!?',1
'and again...',1
'fired? no! never again have access to a microphone? yes!',1
'gagging is next!',1
'clowns are scary, rodeo or not......',1
'@ally - your assumption is wrong, which shows you just read what you wanted to read in order to turn a completely logical and correct response into one that justify\'s your ignorance.       last paragraph:   "i raised a daughter and....."       duh!!!!',1
'mr. peanut raped my m&m\'s.',1
'you have a papera&&hole',1
'it\'s a toss-up between 2 and 6.  my four kitties prefer the carpeted floor or a bed (human or cat).',1
'i think the guy who wrote the story should be fired. a reporter\'s job is to report not editorialize (that is what the editorial page is all about). another reason he should be fired is to declare this is a racist joke. apparently he is a card carrying member of the pc patrol where anything that is said about a black person or "africa american" or whatever the current title is) that is not positive is automatically racist. however when blacks say pretty much anything negative or call whites names (honkey, whitey, etc), they are not racists. and the obama camp has done a great job of selling that anything negative said about him is automatically racist.     how about this is a joke about 2 women vying to be the next first lady who happen to be of different races, period? the writer is the racist because he basically intimates that playboy is the "white" magazine even though they have had plenty of black women featured in their pages and i am guessing national geo. is used because they have had many black tople',1
'and please stop breathing!',1
'not every white person is racist, and racism goes both way.  i\'ve read your comments before and you seem to have a lot of hate in you.  i wish everyone could let go of the color issue and judge people on their actions.',1
'no,show it to your boyfriend.   (putitinme thugsrule)   games over ,you\'ve been reported.',0
'starting with the parents. oh ! hell requires advanced payment for lunch\'s as well between  the burning s.',1
'she was notified and did not take care of it.',1
'sure a racist like you would think it was benign and funny. clearly rodeo people didn\'t think it was funny. maybe you\'re too stupid to get the so called joke. he said national geographic idiot because he was equating the first lady too an animal. that\'s par for the course though for racists like you.',1
'chic woods       wow you are stupid.       lets hear a few of his successful stats.',1
'what he forgot is that in the vast majority of cases, you only die once. no saving his sorry azz. it\'s unfortunate that he took other people with him.',1
'if you dont like it then dont watch it!!!!',1
'it\'s too bad we have to ban things or separate the kids with allergies and single them out. psychologically, it\'s probably best for the kids if schools ban peanut products. at the same time, banning foods in school is not a good idea, especially foods that are good for children. this seems like a lose-lose situation. no matter what you decide, someone is at risk medically or psychologically. this woman who is complaining her son lost his sandwich is probably the same kind of person who would sue the school district if her son was allergic and exposed to peanuts. did she know about the ban? probably, but she choice to ignore it, putting other kids at risk. instead of accepting her mistake, she rants and raves, like a little kid, about the peanut ban. try looking at it from the allergic kid\'s side, or better yet, from his/her parent\'s point of view. would you want your child at risk because some absent minded parent sent a peanut butter sandwich to school?',1
'it was a set up. dude\'s an actor',1
'are you people that are on here listening to your selves? the majority of you are bsically saying that you are condeming a man for making a film, "freedom of speech" any of you remember what this is! there is no such thing as a radical islam, muslims all believe in the same koran and the same allah wich though they do not all follow exactly they still follow the same god and the same book... the differance is that some are more courageous, willing to do the very thing that they all believe in and if you are a muslim that does not agree you are lost and do not know your what your religeon teaches. these people have no right to riot and kill anyone, not even the director, writer or the producer of this film! no one, and all you people that call yourselves american should be ashamed of your self. everyone that passes the blame and all that are acting like the bad guy here is the makers of the film should be embarassed... everyone of you that keep acting like this is because of the film, this is because of the religion and culture of islam doing what they are taught to do. figure out who the haters are... stop being cowards and stand up.  this country is being torn apart because of its',1
'i\'m betting you watch the fox channel.  this sounds like one of hannity\'s    ideas.         i would say the at least 80% of what you call freeloaders aren\'t   freeloading by choice, they are freeloading because our cournty   and the economy can\'t provide a decent job for them.       i would say that china has enough low income freeloaders of their own.   in fact they might want to send some of them here.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'absolutely!  clowns, a dime a dozen.  just look at the republican teabagger party!',1
'it would have been funnier if he said "o" magazine offered her 50 cents for pictures of michelle and oprah rolling around in the mud together...but then again, i guess that wouldn\'t be funny because once they got in the mud, they would disappear.',0
'it seems as if this jackass has found his true calling - and that is to be a clown. fortunately for him, obama\'s aca will benefit him because i seriously doubt he makes a lot of money as a clown. ah, the irony...',1
'blah blah blah.....please',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'where doe obama keep his money',1
'nooabama, what do you say about the intelligence of whites who know everything about politics that rush limpbough and faux gnus feed them? come back when you grad-e-ate sixth grade, jethro!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'is the pope a catholic / hitler youth, i really like this dudes sunglasses, he would make a great president ! ! !   i hope if he did get elected, by the power of executive order, he would have weed pumped through the air ducts in the capital building ! ! !  then maybe those a$$holes on capital hill would stop their childish bickering and get something positive done for america ! ! ! legalize it now and start paying down the national debt, again that those a$$holes created from both sides of the aisle ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !',1
'how did nick nolte get involved stoopid libs comparing apples and bananas please allow me to say just how stupid you soundand remind me to watch where i step when we\'re around cat & dogs there\'s plenty too step in.  just to make myself clear you my friend are a cretin and not worth the time to debate.',1
'im flat **** broke under the current administration. im not sure ill vote this time. republicans dont want the average worker to have decent pay let alone benefitts. the democrats want to throw stamps as a dog bone to controll us with.theres to much bs to get the stamps. they told my adult children if they sell even a pair of jeans at a yard sale to let them know! ha id starve first.',1
'romney is the joke. he has no answer for anything, just rhetoric.',1
'it\'s not always a good idea to pay cash for a mortgage.  their interest rate has got to be lower than credit cards and most other debt.  they would be better off to focus on paying off any high interest debt they may have.       his point was with interest rates being at an all time low, the banks have made it impossible for him to take advantage.',1
'i totally agree with the first part of your statement. as soon as all the other kids find out who\'s allergic (not hard at all for them) that poor kid will be in hell...',1
'when can we expect an apology from obummer and michelle for living their "up-town" style of living, while telling the "common folks" to tighten their belts.  chicago ghetto trash.',1
'this bs is not news!!',1
'you are so absolutely, incompetently off the point here.  everything that you stated has killed and will kill humans.  marijuana will not!  please educate yourself before making a statement on a topic of which you are not qualified to comment.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'how very republican of you. you should go by son_of_anus, because you\'re definitely an a++hole.',1
'can i get a big amen!!',1
'so he gets in trouble for comparing $50 to $250,000?..........i  ​  don\'t get it...........and by the way, i\'m just guessing............  ​ but would bet michelle is very close to a "clown or two" who could easily "take over" for hayhurst............  ​ ..................',1
'seeking for over 50+ years old of seniors？ they are well educated, successful, and young at heart!------ over50luv ----focuses on u-s-e-r-s over 50plus. it is a perfect dating place for baby boomers and 50+ seniors to meet activities partners, travel companions or your dream lover! worthy a try.',0
'how the fk is that joke racist? meanwhile retards like bill maher can make unbelievably disgusting and obnoxious jokes about sarah palin amd michelle bachmann and be considered a comical genius. so tired of the hysterical shrieking over imaginary "racism". the joke is hilarious. the clown should not be fired.',1
'wow, even i\'m stupified at how far the "dumbing down" (bush era) has gotten.',1
'actually, nbkcq28, you are half wrong.  while it is true that christians believe they have the totality of the faith, they do not believe that only baptized christians will enter heaven. christ promised immediate paradise to a thief on a cross.  i don\'t recall anyone halting the crucifixion to baptise him.  we believe that god judges each of us on how we lived our lives. we never presume on his justice nor do we dispair of his mercy.    st. john says that god is love and that anyone who lives in love, lives in god, and god lives in him. that\'s the heart of the christian faith.    some very fundamentalist churches teach that baptism is necessary for salvation, but they are not the church christ founded.those churches were founded by men who had a particular interpretation of the bible. the bible was not even collated until around 400 ad.  christianity was nearly four-hundred years old before the bible existed.',1
'so if you are allergic to bee stings, do we ban and eradicate bees? do we stop serving milk because a few students have milk allergies? what about lactose intolerance? do we ban bread?    if this is an example of decisions made the "educated" people in this school district, god help us!',1
'absolutely!!  racism should always be challenged!!!',1
'my son\'s friend had a ton of allergies (nuts, red dye...).  they met in a public elementary school.  the parents had educated their child on what he could or couldn\'t have and not to share his lunch or there could be severe consequences.    even at an early age he understood.  by the time you are 5 and in elementary you should know enough to stay away from those things.  my son doesn\'t eat pbj anyway but still, i think they are going too far.  i know it is possible for a kid to interact with others and be educated enough at 5 and beyond to know to stay away from things he shouldn\'t have.  he was even able to tell me at my son\'s bday party what he could or couldn\'t have.  as many have mentioned, there are peanuts in so many products.  there are warning labels everywhere and i know there is no way the school can ban everything.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'that would be "you\'re". just fyi. if you are going to be talking about intelligence and all that. and to be clear, racist people suck. whatever color they are. period. life is too short  to worry about what the next person looks like.',1
'only if we can wear skirts too',1
'by looking at that picture he appears to be a few bricks short of a full load.',1
'why does/would anyone take actors\' opinion seriously? these are people who dedicate their life to living in fantasy worlds pretending to be someone else.',1
'where does it say the white house said anything.',0
'this  group of  "one million moms\' all need to \'get a job.\'  if they can\'t find a job - maybe they could all put ads\' out offering to clean homes for those who do have jobs\' - it would give them a real life',1
'did you read the story? it was an employee. not a machine. in fact, it was 2 employees.',1
'i have been helped many times on many levels, and i have tried to do my best to pass it forward. will i ever match up with thehelp i have received?  probably not, but i keep trying :) i believe we entertain angels amongst us and we are accountable for our actions towards those in need.',1
'ya know if the child wants to eat a pb&j sandwhich for lunch then he should be able to eat it without "anyone" taking it away from him.    this would be the same for those that like steak and baked potatoes.  lets just say you went into a restaurant and ordered a steak and baked potato and just after receiving it someone came over and took it away from you saying the were allergic to beef, what would you think then?  get a life and let the child eat his pb&j.',1
'paradoxical quote of the day from ben stein:     "fathom the hypocrisy of a government that requires every citizen to prove they are insured... but not everyone must prove they are a citizen."    now add this, "many of those who refuse, or are unable, to prove they are citizens will receive free insurance paid for by those who are forced to buy insurance because they are citizens."      our budget has reached a point where it can no longer be balanced regardless of the political party in power nor by that party adding any amount of new tax burdens on us citizens........tax all illegals at 50% and take away all their "free" benefits and we might be able to balance the budget',1
'an important distinction: democracy versus republic',1
'ha ha ha ha ha ha  rofl rofl lololol !lmao lmao lololol ! definately (don\'t) fire such talent.',1
'max is a f#ckin\' moron.....$10 says he does vote for odouche. and this idiot is supposed to work to pay my social security?......we are doomed!',1
'where can one get the type of earplugs musicians wear? (nearly every member of dirty projectors had them in when i saw them a few weeks ago.)',1
'in my field of work, if i were to even consider writing something like that i would quickly delete it.  i have left a company and a few years later met up with someone that i used to work with.  they either were a decider on my new employment, or were someone who was referenced to see if i should work there.    never burn bridges...   bad idea.',1
'let the kid have his meal, then nicely ask mom not to send peanuts in any form to school again.',1
'lol.',1
'cleo       i understand that you are not very smart, but you could(for once) try thinking for yourself. wow',1
'no they are trying to look mexican',1
'pretty funny but so much for that reference haha!',1
'there\'s a distinct difference between racism and making fun of someone who can\'t spell, mispronounces words during speeches, doesn\'t know much about current events or history, has crazy-intense vision (can see russia from her back yard), and who considers herself fit to be a vice-presidential candidate. she sets herself up for it, really. you want justice for palin? hire a lawyer and start suing on her behalf.',1
'damn, americans are indeed getting stupid!!!!!! i would love to see you "college degrees"',1
'worst president ever??! give me a break! worse than bush???',1
'our country is so quick to sue... the store messed up.  they should have refunded her her money, given her all of her purchases for free, maybe a public apology or something, some extra store credit for her troubles/time they kept her... but why does she need 75,000???  we are such a get rich quick society...',1
'yes, it was quite liberating, this country has a huge problem about sex and nudity, we should be more like many of our european allies. wiener is fitting name for a guy who represents narrow minded a$$holes ! ! i can do without grossly obese people baring it all, but people who keep in shape and respect their bodies are something to celebrate, the beauty of the human figure !',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'racist ?  the "clown" didn\'t say anything raceist. if the ignorant interpets what he said as being racist, they are the racist ones with the problem, not the clown.   $ 50.00 for her to pose? that would be 51.00 to much.   and, speaking of clowns, how about the current socialist administration that\'s in there now?    vote november 6, don\'t wait until november 7 as michelle advised the people she spoke to 2 months ago.',1
'the good ole usa! the most racist place on the planet. that\'s why canada is better.',1
'youtube moment.',1
'dat keyboard warrior!!!! lay off caps lock bro',1
'@mr clean ..you are just stupid..when wil you start receiving treatments?',1
'should have started with, hi i\'m mitt romney and, instead of just i suck.',1
'obama, a communist and a liar walks into a bar,..the bartender says: hey barry, you drinking alone today?',1
'right, so tax an already over strained education budget by making them build a room so that you don\'t have to come up with something more inventive than a peanut butter sandwich for your kid to eat.  sounds like a winning plan!',1
'we don\'t need a couple in the white house! "we need a leader not a couple!',1
'boo hoo  boo hoo....i guess jokes are only funny nowadays, when lib aholes like bill maher tell them, because then, their making fun of the right people and things!!!!   hypocrites!',1
'i know this ignoraus does not work!!!!!!!!!!! i take that back im sure there another racist prick out there that support the same ignorant view that he does!!!!!!!',1
'i guess i\'m viewing it from both sides.  my thought is that the ban is in place for the safety of the children because based on all these comments the parents would be outraged if their child had a allergic reaction to a food item knowing that a ban of that food item was already in place. with the rate of so many children developing food allergies to peanuts, a ban may have been the best decision at the time.  maybe it\'s too harsh, but that\'s the rule for now until a better solution is feasible.  so don\'t get mad when your child lunch is taken, when you knew not to pack it in the first place.  period.    .',1
'first, is the ban simply a choice of the school or is it some kind of legislated requirement?  if it is merely a school choice, then i would say they should require written permission of the parents for thier child to eat the sandwich including a parental responsibility shoud the child share or give it to any other child.  if it is in response to legislated requirements, then the ones to be held accountable are the legislators.  there are so many legislated nonsense requirements of those who have never set foot in a classroom to teach, it is almost unthinkable!  but we, the voters, allow it.  then we get mad at the ones who have no control of the situation.  we need to fire all incumbents!!!',1
'michelle obama is a fine woman; she carries herself with grace and is extreamely energetic; what real man would not want her at his side or to treat her less-than anything of beauty?  maybe that clown is too busy with his face stuck up some horses **** or having a bulll horn stuck up his butt to realize what a real woman is or what a real man likes!!!!',1
'obviously the parents of that child didn\'t teach him/her to not eat anything with peanuts.  you\'d think the parents would teach a child not to eat anything with peanuts in it.',1
'here we go again!! for goodness sake, tell some whitey jokes and buy some skin thickener. i bet michelle laughed at this one, too.',1
'why is it horrible?',1
'bring it on!  i\'ve got something for you when you try.',1
'yes, definitely',1
'where was the outrage over that idiot jason biggs comments about romney\'s and ryan\'s wives on his twitter page that was linked to by nickalodeon.  he got a mild tongue lashing and remains a big part of their(nicks) programing  the things he said were way worse.  nope no double standard here',1
'musician, there is so much in your post that is so erroneous its hard to  know where to start.........',1
'doh...swift by a landslide...  at she writes her songs...  and what trash rihanna supposedly writes contains what 5 words that keep get repeating!!!  all u riri fans out there....will disagree...i can see why...that is all you can comprehend at a time.....lol',1
'and i bet you are the best looking thing that ever existed.people that call other people ugly are usually nothing to look at.   nobody can help what they look like, but they can about their brains.',1
'hey mr. gator,     uhmmmm...hmmmm really? well, if you don\'t get the joke, i can only assume that you are still in grammar school and do not know about national geographic magazine, and the paradigm for their photography. that\'s about all i will say...if you still don\'t get it, ask your momma and perhaps she can explain it to you.',1
'i think you ought to change your posting name from circless to clueless. your comments are really dumb.',1
'i\'d be fired if i made a comment like that at work.  i don\'t think humor that picks on a person\'s race, sex, sexual orientation, religion, etc. is okay.  what you say with your close circle of friends is your business, but an employer should not tolerate such behavior.     from some of the other comments, i can see we\'ve not come much further that years gone by.  maybe outward attitudes have changed, but racism still lurks in the the hearts of many.',1
'that\'s for me to know and for you to  find out...lol',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'with out real paying jobs i can do neither.',1
'dumba**',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'that\'s right. and they didn\'t get paid for it!!!!',1
'this country is definitely in trouble when people don\'t know the difference between "than" and "then"............wh  ​ o gives a .......... what color you are??????????????',1
'you are right!  i am quite sure that there are millions of clowns in the united states!',1
'because libtards can do no wrong...didn\'t you know that?  odumbozombies one and all i welcome your input.',1
'you dumb azz they took over 12 friends and there family plus security with them.that does cost money.',1
'sorry rebecca c, it has everything to do with it. playing in dirt, eating things off the floor, etc., is normal kid stuff. back in the day kids did it all the time, despite what their mothers said. they got exposed to all kinds of germs and bacteria and developed a resistance to them and therefore did not develop allergies. in those days kids with allergies or asthma were fairly rare, not so today with all these "germ free" bubble kids. my wife and i have raised our kids the "old school" way and have noticed that they\'re not as sickly as all the other kids in the family [ cousins, etc.]',1
'colors in the midwest may not be as good this year as they have been in the past because we had such a hot dry summer. scientists say that leaf color is partially dependent on moisture and temperature. it may depend on what part of the midwest you are talking about, also.  the colors in northern wisconsin or the up of michigan may be mush better than in central illinois which is where i live.    john',1
'anyone want to see a teacher/administrato  ​ r get seated on the floor, grab my kids sandwich,',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'read the post by erf tonz.  it\'s about consequences and knowing your adudience!!!',1
'you are an idiot ..... in case you dropped out of school in the 2nd grade moron, the theory of evolution... ever heard of it ?  duh, you probably have a monkey or two in your lineage as well, and more than likely a jackass or two... that being said , while you are talking about the flotus, it is obvious you may be having fantasies about her since you seem to be paying so much attention to her a$$.. okay... and at least it is a real a$$ and not surgically enhanced like mitt romney \'s silicone injected  and artificially tanned wife\'s a$$  (funny how you all want to make jokes about people of color but risk cancer and disfigurement  by getting butt  implants, lip injections , and suntans ) !!!!',1
'no , not at all. with all the bad jokes from the liberal talk shows about sarah palin or any consertative woman, this guy should get a star on the hollywood walk of fame. lighten up people.',1
'racist folks are so \'on edge\' and looking for any excuse to make a big ugly deal out of anything said by a white person.  racist white people are the ones so very adament about "not showing how racist they are\' !!  if only people knew this simple fact.',1
'my friend recommended me a very wonderful place where 5o plus mature singles looking for someone to enjoy their own lifestyle with. ------ over50luv  ------  a hot senior dating site for older men dating older women!',0
'not to mention the 3 white men who chained a black man to the back of their truck and dragged him behind it until his head came off. and bigdaddywheat, don\'t forget that imbecile "blunts over broadway". he can\'t deal with people who disagree with him without cursing. i don\'t respond to him directly because he doesn\'t rate my time. i don\'t remember chris rock or any black comedian ever ragging on a first lady. when black comedians make jokes about white people or any other ethnicity, look out into the crowd....some of the people laughing the hardest are white people. it\'s not meant to be mean spirited and no white person is ever compared to a simian. besides, we black people are the first to laugh at ourselves. we just don\'t like being attacked any more than anyone else does. i would never stick up for anyone insulting any other ethnicity maliciously. i am also a republican and i want all the pretenders out of the republican party so we can get back to where we used to be. wanting to move this country forward again. being racist is "un-american", so stop calling yourself something you don\'t represent. i\'m sure you know who you are. one more thing.... if all you can do is to trot out',1
'of course....  i am sick of the republicans nasty attacks...  they are so negative about every thing.  romney hos around like he needs to go potty all the time.',1
'wow! what’s sad is we as americans are so divided. look he is a rodeo clown, does what a effin clown has to say really that important not to me and i’m a black man! he is just a clown being a clown, i got a chuckle out of it. i think we all have some level of racist behavior we display just not in front of those we don’t trust. if someone cuts you off in traffic, is loud rowdy, rims on a certain type of car with loud music, the way they speaks, the way someone dresses ect….. i’m sure we have a board line comment for all of these different scenarios. it all starts with your upbringing period i was raised in short to respect everyone that respects me, things are much easier that way. i have friends from all walks of life because i don’t want to miss out on anything from my follow humans. i live in california a melting pot of life, culture, love style, people, and religion. but my 13year old daughter(half black / asian) still has to hear another kid say i would like you if you weren’t black wow right. i love the blend of us all but some don’t and i understand. i understand why it’s called middle america it’s because your caught in the middle of a time warp you smart dummy!!!!  look ar',1
'"i earned every penny of my investment capital, fool.  i was taxed on it, then i invested what was left over, and then was taxed on it again.  at the same time, the companies i invested in were taxed on the same profits that we shared.  that money was taxed three times, all while you are sitting on your ****.  so stfu."    now, the facts:    you paid no tax when you invested in the company and bought the stock.  the company whos stock you bought pays no tax.  the company will only pay tax on the income the company earns after it writes off every expense it can (some expenses may even be personal in nature as with mr. kowalski\'s $8,000 shower curtain).   ',1
'i think every naturist has the info on camps, colonies, resorts, beaches and clubs for nudists’ experience. but can we easily search for other nudists near us? actually, 【νùdìštρārtne 】 is just a correct choice.                  ',0
'two comments. one i agree that anyone in the stockbroker business should have to treat their income from charging their clients as regular income not capital gain. (i\'m not acturally sure that they don\'t but have seen some articles that indicate they don\'t).two, i\'d be interested to see how much mr. buffet\'s tax rate is reduced from his charitable contributions of which i\'m sure are quite large.',1
'this is the true tragedy of the times we live in.  we all work to get ahead, and really is there any true point?  if you have money where would you even put it?  if you have it overseas, well we all know what people say then.  if you put it in a house, well that does not work either.  you can only store so much gold and silver at your house.  if the crap really hits the fan, you would not want it stuck at a bank either.  so there is plan c, work until you die and hope that you do not live too long...',1
'i see what you did there...',1
'i obviously despise obama and his policies.  but to attack him based on race or to after his family is totally uncalled for and is deplorably rude.',1
'hey the clown was just monkeying around! lol',1
'awesome steel just awesome!',1
'but why have them go to a different room?  they\'re not consuming the peanut butter and jelly.  so i would think as long as they didn\'t eat the stuff, that they would be fine.  the parents just need to teach their children that the peanuts are what makes them sick.  that way they won\'t eat any.',1
'don\'t taze me bro!',1
'this is the ugliest woman on the face of the planet...besides being the stupidest!',1
'upper middle class is still middle class, and you can bet those couples earning $250,000 are working their asses off and have over $100,000 of education debt. they should not have to pay more to support you!',1
'don\'t denigrate those who bought with an affordable mortgage, but then lost their jobs, and there are quite a few of those people.',1
'national geographic was the closest thing to playboy that didn\'t require one to be 21 years of age to purchase when it published pictures of african and south american tribes in their native dress including topless women.',1
'pretty much the mind set of many on the right.i don\'t think many on tke right believe a black man and his wife should occupy the white house.',1
'since food allergies weren\'t well known, i would imagine that any child with a fatal food allergy probably didn\'t make it to school age.',1
'the customer probably knows the cashier and told her to rip it up and she\'d split the lawsuit settlement with her.  this borders on the congressman suing the dry cleaners for millions of dollars for a pair of pants.  where\'d she find a lawyer that would even get involved.....lawyers  ​  are us.  hopefully the judge will rule this a frivolous lawsuit and dismiss it.',1
'thats all u got  my friend is insults to someone who speaks the truth, what is the matter preying on others gets you nothing but missery. hope u can forgive urself',1
'chris rock called me a "cracker!!" but, dammit, ya gotta love chris...!!!',1
'rather than segregate the child with the peanut butter sandwich the child with the food allergy should be the one to sit at the special table, away from the others and be protected as his/her dear parents desire.',1
'if you get a bogus ticket you can pay with bogus money.',1
'some these comments here really show how disgusting our country is becoming.  when did being disrespectful become acceptable? or are these people trying to be \'cool\' hiding being a computer screen.',1
'my jack russel loves burying himself under blankets and chasing the cat\'s laser toy xd',1
'"we gave john robert lunch today.  his bill is currently $10.  he will not be able to have lunch tomorrow if the bill is not satisfied".  now either send him to school with the money owed, or get in the car and take the money to the school so your child can eat.  the school should not have kept him from eating.  show some compassion!',1
'oh, and by the way, for any women that whine about working with "all males," have you ever worked with "all females?"  it is a much worse situation...',1
'no!?',1
'tax system explained in beer….  suppose that every day, ten men go out for beer and the bill for all ten comes to $100.    if they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes, it would go something like this    the first four men (the poorest) would pay nothing.    the fifth would pay $1.    the sixth would pay $3. ',1
'garbage. absolute garbage.       the only truth here is about matching contributions in retirement. but that truth itself becomes fuzzy when the market is performing so abysmally or even losing money.       beyond that, the math says that you will ultimately end up with more money in your pocket if you pay down higher interest debt. and forget taxes - you pay taxes either going in or coming out, so it\'s a wash.       that\'s the bottom line. articles like this are meant to serve one purpose and one purpose only: feed the coffers of the wall streeters by encouraging people to continue to send their hard earned money that way, even when they could put it ',1
'peanuts are everywhere and in everything.  if a kid is that allergic then the kid should be home schooled and not in a public school.  certainly removing one sandwich will not solve the problem, because tons of foods have hidden peanut ingredients.  if it is reasonably easy to accommodate someone’s issues without inflicting over the top rules and regulations on an entire school then i am for it.  this is certainly requiring the entire school to follow over the top rules and regulations to accommodate something that really can not be accommodated.  you are expecting each and every parent to scrutinize all the food they give their kid in their lunch for another kid?!?!?  that is crazy!!!!!!  certainly the school is do the only place that would be dangerous to this kid.',1
'she doesn`t have class any more it was removed in one of her plastic surgeries',1
'no its not ok to make those remarks if you are a liberal.  he said his free speech and his boss didn\'t like it.  we have no idea if his boss was a liberal or conservative.  you are jumping conclusions.',1
'i think berrnanke is acting according to the will of the federal reserve\'s governors as they see best fit to manage their dual mandate in a time of low inflation and high unemployment.  they\'ve voiced that they know additional easing won\'t do much and that fiscal policy would do more, but it does more than nothing which is what\'s coming out of washington.   remember that greenspaun\'s inaction are largely responsible for the first bush losing the election.  volcker\'s actions completely sunk carter by causing a recession in 1980 while he was getting inflation under control.  add to that that bernanke was a bush and his positions haven\'t changed since 2008 when the crisis started.. so yes.. i don\'t think bernake is acting under orders.',1
'no',1
'ghost dog.',1
'michelle obama is even scarier.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'the picture and the article makes me sick at heart as well as stomach. the author of this article and the photographer went too far and show both a lack of decency and compassion for suffering animals. bad form, all the way around.',1
'what are you like 8? my granddaughter liked that mindless drivel of a show when she was 7 or 8, but has grown out of it.',1
'so oprah is involved in this venture. just wondering what she knows about food other than the fact that she eats too much of it.',0
'exactly right rx4uatg: even if these greedy obama democrats forced the "rich" to pay 75% in taxes  it would only cover the obama debt for about what? a few months? shame on this lap dog media ~ they are no friend to the american public',1
'great joke i would pay $5.00 to to see oboma\'s wife in playboy. it\'s funny when chris rock and eddie murphy slam white people they call it funny, but when someone says a joke about blacks it then becomes racist',1
'that seems to go along with that old capitalist mantra:       "privatize profits; socialize losses.',1
'no if they said it about a republicab it would be fine.  enough with double standard.',1
'lets all go get smashed.',1
'like like like',1
'don\'t say black.',1
'this is really sick.  it\'s hard enough to be a teenage girl without schools encouraging boys to be "predators."   high school is enough of a jungle already.  the schools don\'t need to make it any worse for kids.       i seriously wonder about the mind-set of any adult who thought up this "predator and prey" day for vulnerable young people.',1
'ha! ha!  you are oh soooooo silly!!!!!!!!!  lol!!!!!!!!',1
'max, you\'re too stupid to get the point.  don\'t you even know that libel is written and slander is spoken?  you depugs(?) not only can\'t understand the truth, you apparently have no comprehension of reason, logic and common sense, either.  maybe you should cut back on your moron pill dosage?',1
'absolutely !!! but we are talkin ark, where the average iq is 57.',1
'arteill11:  racists got her hubby elected...... most blacks voted for him because  he\'s (half) black.  now whos a racist?    "whitey" ?   i think not',1
'musician,   first off, who made the decision to buy a house you couldn\'t afford?  was it the banks?  no.  it was you.  who ever said your credit score had value?  the value is in your borrowing power, which is only worth something if what you are borrowing for will yeild you a gain.. any other borrowing is just taking a handout you will likely never repay.  where is the hard work in that?  the only exception is that insurance is always cheaper if you have a good credit score.     but the funny thing is, the people that built the highways, put people on the moon, built super carriers, and industrialized america also didn\'t buy things they couldn\'t afford.  they didn\'t use a credit card to get a big tv or go buy a car that costs three times their annual salary.  they saved, they got by, they paid their bills, and they bought what they had with the cash they had left.  most importantly, the people that did these things to make this country great are not',1
'you can\'t give permission to a third party to commit a felony on your child.',1
'palin was/is a complete twit.a nitwit.a body in deserpate search for a brain.',1
'it wasnt just the nuts, it was also the "white" bread it was on. (check the pic above, lol) what??? this isnt being turned into a racist thing ? im shocked,give it time',1
'scrappy219 - you get it!  i miss it - even when i\'m there.',1
'designate peanut free sections of the lunchroom. this is not difficult and these kids are going to have to learn to manage their affliction as well as their life. mommy and school will not always be there to take care of their problems. one boy in our lunchroom could not handle peanutbutter sandwiches but how amazing could eat a snickers candybar. how much of this is the need for attention?',1
'yes, but i would skip the jelly.',1
'the only problem i see is the media trying to tell us what to think.',1
'i had a cocker with retinal atrophy didnt hold her back one bit--dogs are amazing',1
'"what most of you are failing to consider is the legal aspect of this issue."     i want to know: did they give the kid something else to eat or did they just make the kid go hungry & open themselves up to a lawsuit from mom?',1
'msn don\'t like this one they put it in the worst tab before voted on',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no obama should be fired for putting this country in such debt',1
'dividends are no more guaranteed than the price of a stock rising, so this too is a wash. also, if interest rates ever rise, they will equal to our even outpace dividends, at which point those dividend paying stocks will take a nice little tumble as people move to safer investments.',1
'the repubs blocked every measure that was brought forward in order to reduce the national deficit , we would not be in this predicament if they would  have compromised like the dems did. the repubs don\'t care about the average american otherwise they would have passed something. in addition, these measures would have added security rather than so much uncertainty to the market and that would have helped  booster the economy. some measures did not even make it to the floor thanks to the repubs blocking them. all this has been delayed because the rebups did not want to raise taxes on the wealthy nor on big corporations (since they are basically controlled by big corporations-follow campaign contributions to the repubs), and on top of that this way they could defeat obama by simply saying it\'s his fault the economy is not doing good. well  it\'s a good thing that some americans pay attention to what goes on in congress and the senate cause that tells you the truth of the matter.  good old repubs put politics first over the stability of our economy. now they want to blame obama for not fixing the mess they created in the first place. so if it all crashes you can thank the repubs!!',1
'i\'m getting a german shepherd !',1
'what we need to remove are idiots like you barry who cant even spell intended (indended) and think that anyone who is white own this country when none of us have been born here except for american indians. if you want to restore this country then we all need to go back where we came from.....restore that.',1
'to hell with them both',1
'alert just because we haven\'t really had a president for the past four years does not mean bush is still the president. apparently you haven\'t lived long enough to know what a decent leader is. believe me obama is not one.',1
'respect must be extremely expensive and out of reach in your book.',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'highway 61 along lake superior\'s north shore in minnesota?   lake superior\'s south shore in wisconsin?   michigan?       the midwest is far better in the fall that a lot of these places.  the grand canyon?  there are barely any trees...       terrible list.',1
'great! now my beloved state is going to be overrun with low life stoners.',1
'how can someone be so proud of being overtly bigoted?  i\'ve never understood this.  yeah, i\'m white.  look at my name!  irishdriver!  the only people whiter than me are irish jews!  oh crap, wait;  i am an irish jew!   i have to tell you "tnjc", this attitude is so archaic.  come into the 21st century.  if you revere dr. king, think of what he said;  "i have a dream, where a man is judged not on the color of his skin, but on the content of his character!"  this element seems to be often forgotten from his wonderful words.  just food for thought.',1
'i have one question, and that question is what ever happen about the make believe break in and theft of tax papers? it made me think why all of sudden when ask to provide tax papers someone decide to break in and steal them, and now they can\'t provide the tax forms. well being a former irs employee i know the the irs has their copy of his tax records! how come we don\'t hear anything more on the subject?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'idiots out in groves? orange groves? lemon groves? what are they looking for?     indeed, the morons are sometimes out in droves.',1
'obamanomics - maximize your debt load then let somebody else pay it off for you.  it\'s the way of the american liberal.',1
'what happen to freedom of speech ???????????',1
'〖àɡelessmatch〗------ where girls like older guys, and guys prefer older women. date a much younger partner. feel young again.                                  ',0
'i am thrilled that they have worked things out.  kristen is young and made a stupid mistake, being romanced by an older man who should no better.  i blame it on him for taking advantage and probably knowing all the right things to say.  i hope she has learned her lesson and hangs on to what seems to be a great guy.  i think rob deserves a big pat on the back for being so mature about this and realizing in that industry there are plenty of sharks who like to feel like they can and they do what they want.  you are a much bigger man rob, good job.  the two should get married and make this work.',1
'thats because you are ignorant. anybody with half a brain can figure out what he was implying. its just over your head, if you jump you might catch it.',1
'ignorant ****!!!!',1
'give them 48 hours to go back to work or fire them all. and then do what someone else suggested and put an add in the paper that you are hiring teachers for $75,000 a year and you should have all new teachers and no union to have to deal with ever again in about a week. who knows, maybe the kids will actually learn something this year, other than a new obama song. you might even lower the wage to say $55,000 a year (reasonable pay for a teacher anywhere else) and make a big dent in the cities deficit.',1
'washington d.c. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man b.o.ob 2012 r & r          romney/ryan 2012 tell your friends',1
'i was pulled over by a cop who',0
'you don\'t get it not just a black woman , but the first lady of the united states . the clown is just that a clown.',1
'no.  a jokes a joke and if ann romney didn\'t get mad then mrs. obama should not  either.  we are a free country, after all.  or are we.  he could have told it either way.',1
'if a child\'s allergies are so severe that they cannot even be in the same room as the product, then they should not be in a public school. who\'s to say that the child sitting next to him in class didn\'t eat peanut butter toast for breakfast?  i understand that parents want their children to live as "normal" a life as everyone else, but why should everyone else\'s right to eat what they want be outweighed by one individual\'s allergy. we have definitely become a country full of people that want to accommodate everyone except the mainstream, & it has gotten to the point of ridiculous.',1
'taht\'s exactly what your wife said while i was tapping her fartbox!',0
'she thinks she is still married???  i think kanye is not going to last, he is making her into what he wants.  but then again, who cares?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'special needs is needing special needs. sorry to hear about your condition. i\'m allergic to bee stings and pollen but changing the world to fit my needs will not happen. what can be done "in the real world" to have to face any changes for a condition. you don\'t see school installing hepa filters for those with allergies or banning milk for those who are lactose intolerant. flu shots are not required in school systems and disease spreads frequently. learn to live in a real world and a real environment because its not going to change its ways.',1
'and i would pay to see the documents concerning fast & furious, and obama\'s  college transcripts, also barack hussein\'s and michele\'s college thesis papers.',1
'well  when something is actually true and backed p with evidence form multiple sources these are called facts. .things that are said that are not true that have no support is called liberalism... now go make me some fries your break over',1
'adam       are you referring to me?',1
'my heaven!  we are really losing our freedon of speech in this country if you are not extreme liberal... then you can say and denigrate anybody on the right and it is funny.  for heaven\'s sake.. it is a joke and the guy got replaced????  sorry, but i think anyone with good eyesight and being honest would admit that ann romney is beautiful and  michelle obama.... not so much!!',1
'yes!!!!',1
'you have the right to "free speach" you also have the right to be "fired" for being a "dumbazz" by embarrassing your employer',1
'my best friend has just announced her wedding with a rich  man.they met via  .♥.richbachelor.♥ .a nice place to meet mature successful men & classy sophisticated women...if u are a single mature woman and  want to marry this kind of older successful man to make your life more adventurous.it’s worth a try. bing it.',0
'i don\'t think it\'s racism but a lack of respect  for mrs. romney as well as mrs. obama., very disrespectful.',1
'people really are, in general, pretty rotten organisms. i gave it some thought- you guys are right, i changed my mind. i mean really think about it:       pb&j is as american as all our white, blond-haired, blue eyed kids.  just another example of how obama is ruining america.   also: my kid chose to be allergic to peanuts just as much as you chose to be dumb.  and they didn’t make the smart kids stay away from school, so maybe you’re right.   also: next thing you know they’ll be saying my kid can’t bring his gun to school because it might kill someone.  it’s absolutely ridiculous to impose crap like this.     also: my kid’s school actually put ramps by the doors for the handicapped kids, even though there’s like maybe 5 handic',1
'he was high.',1
'what did the kenyan socialist say after sex with the first lady ..... boy, your hands are furry !',1
'i have to disagree here...id rather eat a caterpillar than a rat....',1
'what you and most americans fail to realize is that public welfare programs do need reform...but are dwarfed by other expenditures in our budget.  the military is the largest expense of our budget by a longshot.  why aren\'t you complaining about the wars that are going on over a decade now and the biggest drain on our economy by far????',1
'i smoked some cannabis with a doctor yesterday! :-o       he must be crazy, i can\'t believe he made it through med school and he doesn\'t know cannabis will kill you!!!       hahaha, some of you people are nuts posting on here. legalize',1
'did you just learn how to read last week...obama has be bowing and apologizing since he took office.',1
'kevin: i\'m assuming the way kael\'s fans reconcile her review of "shoah" is recognizing she\'s jewish.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'buy preferred stocks. they return anywhere from 7 - 9% with a guaranteed strike price at maturity.',1
'i have no opinion about what you said cuz some of the big words confused me, but... i would like to #&%@ you!',1
'this site is freaking biased.     "we\'re unsure how everett feels qualified to make these statements, since he wasn’t raised by two gay dads." if a gay person (who was also raised by heterosexuals) said the opposite of what this guy said, msn would be all over it, evangelizing just how qualified he was to make such a statement.    i also think it\'s kind of silly they point out that nobody should take him seriously because he\'s an unknown and irrelevant actor. so if this was a big name actor, it would somehow be more authoritative?? since when did how famous you are equate to how knowledgeable and correct your opinions are?',1
'you know don\'t we hear about how "christians are under attack"  from far right wingers?       i know this...if some christian starts  talking religion,the "here after" i grab my kids and wallet  because that is what they are ....."here after."     hahahahahahahhahahaa  ​',1
'free speach. if you dont like the joke,dont retell it.   this is america right.',1
'i want to send my kids to school with a pb and j so be it your kid has the problem put him in a secluded area to eat his lunch. this is gone to far for a few kids to run the rules for all. sounds like what the gays do. one offended change the rules for the world',1
'these are the same idiots that were going to elect sarah palin. lol, if that isn\'t just electing somebody because they\'re white i don\'t know what you would call it. the republican party doesn\'t even want to be in control right now. look at the idiots they are sending out to run, first mccain, now romney, lol. they want president obama to fix this mess then they\'ll send out the heavy hitter in 4 years.',1
'it certainly is a safe decision, given the seriousness of the consequences to someone with peanut allergies. there may be no alternative. it would be extremely difficult and very expensive for individual schools to do accurate risk assessments each year on just how many sandwiches there might be floating around, and how many allergic kids are in the school population.  and then you have to get into "what if" stuff, like whether pb residue is likely to get deposited, for example, on the handle of a flush toilet by a pbj enthusiast just before the child with the allergy occupies the stall. may sound silly, but you have to think about the routes of potential exposure not involving accidental ingestion. if you are allergic and don\'t know what\'s in the reese\'s cup, prepare for a bad day. at least there is a clue there is pb in the sandwich, unless, of course it is wrapped in a flour tortilla.  so i am back to not being offended by people responsible for the health and safety of others sometimes making the easy decision.',1
'sounds like you like to suck a d_ _k yourself.  you need a good b_ _ ch slap.  you probably wouldn\'t have the sack to say that in person to anyone who opposed your worthless opinions.  you also probably support abortion and are against the death penalty.  i\'d like shove my size 12d up your gay @ss!',1
'um, cleopatronize...who voted for blowbama just because of the color of his skin and not for the fact that he had no experience and no accomplishments and that he lied about every single promise he made...he was good at reading a  teleprompter, that was it. the president (if you can even call him that) and his wife both hate america and moochelle is a giant hypocrite, who has spent over 20.5 million dollars on lavish vacations in the past 4 years, all paid for by the american taxpayers...so take your own racism somewhere else.',1
'how do you get up in the morning? how do you find yourself to work with such a non-working brain? i hope that you don\'t have kids because no adult should be this stupid. so i will spare you the trouble to pointing out the obvious because you will still not get it. poor you...',1
'i subscribe to cable to watch full length music concerts in hd with crystal clear audio.  there are also some shows that are only on cable, especially older shows.  it\'s all what you\'re into.  sure, i could save $50 per month by not subscribing, but what would i spend that money on if i did save it?  probably an extra dinner out or two--nah, i\'ll keep my hd cable package for now.',1
'me too - android rocks.         and yes, i can afford an iphone, i just think they are overrated.',1
'obviously you are geographically challenged, if you look at a map,  any map the upper section is always north.  death valley is actually nnw of vegas.. to be geographally correct rhyolite is not actually in death valley but is just barely outside of the  the eastern edge of death valley about 6 miles west of beatty nv. to the south of las vegas there isn\'t very much of anything, but what there is is in the eastern portion of the mojave desert.',1
'i hope they stay together.',1
'that cub is wearing a collar.  it\'s been in contact with humans before and was fed by them.',1
'and i agree that the clown (whoever he is) may be a better presidential candidate than the two darwinian candidates that we have to choose from:     a) the not so black guy that really wants to turn this country into a socialist state filled with candy and benefits for everyone while lining his pockets with millions from books...   vs.   b) the very white guy who already has millions and wants to assure this country becomes  a country club of 1/2 of 1% \'ers with the other 99.95% of us serving as caddies, coat checks, barhops and shoe shiners to them.     therefore i vote for candidate "c" (the clown)... at least i get some entertainment value.',1
'i agree kids and adults are cruel as it is (the bullies of yesterday remain the same most of the time).  it takes less than seperation for someone to be the target...',1
'kitties!! i want them all.',1
'how convenient, this could not have anything to do with how successful their movie is.    i give them 6 months',1
'the thing is... if your allergic to peanuts, don\'t eat your buddy\'s pbj from his lunch sack. absolutely dumbfounding!!',1
'i work in the insurance industry, although on the health side, rather than life or retirement.    it always surprises me that these discussions talk about what will or should happen by only discussing the financial need.  what i seldom see discussed is the state of people\'s health and how that will impact the retirement age.  while we are living longer, i don\'t think we\'re getting as many additional healthy productive years as we are just total years, at least on average.  how many people will be in good enough health to work well into their 70\'s?',1
'not usually. but i would take a gay mans opinion about being raised by gays seriously. sounds like the msn gay crew didn\'t like what one of their own had to say.',1
'i would think the kid with the peanut allergy would know that he or she has the allergy.  if they aren\'t bright enough to say "hey, i can\'t eat that, i\'m allergic", then perhaps they aren\'t bright enough to be turned loose in the school without mommy looking over their shoulder.     you\'re not allergic in 2nd grade to sudden full-blown allergy in 5th grade is not realistic.  if a household does not have someone with the allergy in it, they will certainly have peanut butter, candy with peanut butter, actual peanuts, or one of hundreds of products that use some sort of peanut or peanut oil ingredient.  the allergy would not suddenly pop up at school with no warning.',1
'who cares???  what i want to know is what the hell the university of kentucky is going to do without anthony davis this year?  sob sob, whimper whimper.',1
'oh my goodness...i am sooooo scared... your obviously a liberal baby...',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i miss michael!',1
'anne, frankly, hitler found it wanting.',0
'married my husband 18 years ago.  divorced him 12 years later.  been back together 6 years now.  i\'m very happy.',1
'we\'ve got one of those little halloween pumpkins with the black strap on it so toddlers can trick or treat with it.  my wife thought it would be a neat trick for my sheltie to have to get a treat out of it.  she does very well with kicking it with her paw until the treats come out .  if she can\'t get the treat after kicking it around for a while her desperation tactic is to pick it up by the strap and hurl it around the room until the treat comes out.  of course, my wife didn\'t see this coming, but now when holly wants a treat she\'ll bring her pumpkin to my wife or me and wait until we put something in it.  she\'s quite persistent once she starts and won\'t leave us alone until we put something in it./',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the republicans would do well to instate a living wage 0f 20 bucks an hour with a 40 hr work week im not working for anything less.',1
'and how much has the grandmother contributed to either campaign.  not a lot i would   guess.',1
'for starters freddie, they never have enough checkers to get people through in a timely manner. minimum wait is 20-30 min after shopping for 10 min. then there are the screaming children. never fails, there are always screaming children. i have recently started avoiding wal-mart at all costs. dollar stores are a nice alternative if you can\'t make it to target.',1
'show1 makes a good point i did not cover.  however, regardless of who sits in the big chair, they deserve respect.  we do not elect kings, allatolla\'s, or dictators for life.  the president gets four years to make the grade, or he gets replaced.  hold your derogatory comments \'till after they leave office.  hey, i\'m not saying poking a little fun ins\'t allowed, but some of these comments are approaching libel, other\'s are just short of treason....',1
'yolo ,and all you rappas.   inkyy etc.   get in a car and get all drunk.   if ya can drive then you aint no punk.   if ya got any jackd don\'t drop the crack.   ya get real far when ya got lotsa funk.   if ya go to fast ya car will be junk.    watch out for the wall cuz  ya just to small.    if ya start to rap just watch ya back.   cuz that concrete wall aint  takin no slack.    so if ya start to tweet don\'t miss the beat, cuz it wown\'t be neat.',1
'ann romney is no beauty just like michelle, having white skin doesn\'t make someone beautiful or handsome, i\'ve seen ugly and beautiful in all races, stop kidding yourself!',1
'i think everybody else on here would like you to stfu, wonderbred123!',1
'if you\'re invilved in any dispute with a cashier at any store over your money, call 911 yourself get a cop on the scene, don\'t argue with them at all. call 911 while you are standing at the register and refuse to move till the cops arrive.         msn captured this story from a british newspaper in london about a story that supposedly occurred in san antonio tx that occurred in 2010. i\'d never say it didn\'t happen at the same time i question some parts of this story.  if this happened in december of 2010 why was this case not filed until  09/ 07/ 2012 the  case sounds like a money grab to me if you\'d like to read the proceedings filed last weel in san antonio texas the case # is 2012-ci- 14743  after reading the  lawsuit it sounds like bs to me a tale with no corroberation and will most likely either be thrown out or settled for less than the legal fees and costs involved.  in this country you can sue a ham sandwich and most of the lawsuites filed are ',0
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'you\'re correct.  if the shoe fits . . .',1
'@ circless  so you are hoping that a vote will make certain people pay the ultimate price, but your hatred is ok with christ ?????   no my friend, you will pay the price. christ couldnt care less about politics, but he carres about hatred !!! you will pay the biggest price.....hate monger',1
'**** college grad!!!  can\'t even carry on a decent conversation. guess that\'s why you\'re unemployed.',1
'the truth...there are still small minded bigots like you still crawling around',1
'so when did you get the job changing the light bulbs?',1
'if you can\'t pay off a credit card purchase in a  few months , you should not have purchased in the first place.  only stupid people build up huge credit card debt.  they deserve to live in the cardboard box and eat cat food..',1
'they pay other taxes that we dont though. these articles never mention that. bias.. and if they were smart enough to invest their money then they deserve the break. do you want them to continue to open businesses and spend their money?? poor people dont open businesses do they?? if they want to pay more , then why dont they feed the hungry and shelter the homeless. dont give it to the govt. who just throws it away. that doesnt help middle america.. obama lies about that. none of that money goes to middle class. none.. also buffett is fighting a tax fight right now. he doesnt want to pay what they say he owes.. they are in court as we speak... congress has accts overseas.. how about that. obama wont take blame for anything. clinton was the one who passed the mortgage act, he is the one who caused the housing problem... not bush.. i wish they would tell the truth.',1
'******luvsenior**​**  ​ ******is the best club allowing senior people come together as couple and start new period of their lives,what are you waiting for? join it and find your love right now!',0
'cats and kittens are cool.',1
'love me love my color.are you still single? join the first, largest and most-trusted interracial dating site in the world.（ bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==this is the best place for looking for interracial dating relationship or marriage. we bring together interracial-dating minded singles from all races, ethnicities and cultures, whether they are in your own neighborhood or around the world.                   ',0
'just out of curiosity, what do you listen to? i am picturing country music. ;)',1
'i love how we keep reading these articles about whether it is best to save for retirement, or pay off debt - and then pretty soon after there is another article saying how we need to consume because the economy depends on it. the people who are in debt to the max or unemployed have already been written off or discounted by the economy or market. they are focusing on the new breed of suckers and trying to get them into debt up to their eye balls. our best bet is to write articles aimed at those that still have  a chance - telling them to stay out of debt in the first place. stay out of student loan debt, credit card debt, car debt and house debt. go to a college you can afford even if it isn\'t your dream college. catch the bus, rent a cheap apartment and when you get your first job save half your pay and live on the other half. this won\'t be good for our consumer economy in the short run but it will be in the long run.     we all know the politicians and most of the big boys on wall street suck, and are self centered sob\'s - so no solution ',1
'if your a gun touting cowboy in the year 2012.... you might just be a redneck!',1
'"animal-spirited"?  is this an investment column or a shamanist blog?',1
'there are more peanut allergies today than in the past.  some attribute it to increased use of vaccines and some to genetic engineering of our food but the fact is there are more peanut allergies.  ignoring it and assuming people with these allergies are just being paranoid is the idiotic reaction.',1
'they\'ve already taken away 100 watt bulbs!!!  bloomburg has taken away large sodas.  what\'s next - twinkies?',1
'being nudist is natural. why not take’off the clothes, it is attractive.  nudist and naturist？ yeah,== νùdìštρārtne == is the best choice for you.                   ',0
'i agree! whether is is admitted or not everybody makes mistakes. i really hope they work it out and they last a lifetime. they are both very young. it can work. the reality is: they know now what they mean to each other. this is just a bump in the road of life. "what doesn\'t kill you will make you stronger" they will be come out of this and be stronger together... best of luck to them....',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'gosh, i don\'t feel racist. but i do believe that rap, in general, is the worst genre of music ever; the preferred music of the retarded and the simple-minded. now, is that racist, even though there are (for god knows what reason) many white \'tards like rap, too?',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'abso-freakin\'-lutely  ​  he should be tarred and feathered. who says these stupid things?????',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the issue is a **** **** ruining our great country!!  and for the record i own a fortune 500 company in the norhteast!! maybe people in the south have the right idea!!',1
'o and by the way nascar and its compeditors and fans donate more money to more charity\'s than the nfl mlb and the nba  put together!',1
'wow. didn\'t know so many hateful people were in the usa. so jealous and insecure that you just can\'t stand to see beautiful, educated and well respected black people.   you need to pray for mercy if you know how. amen',1
'no, her i.q. is already way above dan ws i.q!!!!!!',1
'the rally is likely long in the tooth and "frothy," but it is not time to sell.       squeeze every drop out of those last-in suckers jimbo ... squeeze hard ....',1
'while there have been jokes and criticism of presidents and (to a less ethical degree) their families for as long as i can remember, racist jokes should never be tolerated.  it\'s up to the rodeo organizers to fire the clown, not the media.  the rodeo\'s failure to promptly act would be a reflection of their mindset and their tolerance to this kind of hate.',1
'someone has way too much time on their hands....',1
'alpha possum,    you used the term "white dominated america". i am going to take it that you are either sightless or a complete idiot. that was an extremely "racist" remark to make. i\'m not sure where you live, but in the america i live in the peoples are american colored. in my neighborhood there are african americans, european americans, asian americans and latin americans living next door to each other, watching out for one another and not throwing the words "white, black, chinese or mexican" around like dirty words. i wasn\'t at the event where this man made a statement that apparently was distasteful to some, but there is still freedom of speech in this country, or so they say. there are countries where dictators will have you shot or beheaded for speaking bad of their families, this country has so far only made it to termination of work. we are progressing as a country, so it won\'t be long until we truely have a dictator in charge if this is the way we handle distateful remarks. i don\'t know the full circumstances behind what was said by this man that lost his job, he may be',1
'the only reason people are upset it that it\'s obummer\'s wife.  bush, clinton were fair game for jokes so why not them.',1
'you seem to be a fan of majority tyranny...',1
'why are ppl by nature racist?  are you saying god created us with hate ingrained in our brains? you don\'t believe that do you? i know i don\'t.  people are racist because society chooses to focus on our differences instead of the 99.5% of commonality we all share as humans.',1
'wait until the tokers realize that the legal limit for thc intoxication will essentially keep them from behind the wheel forever.  the current proposed level means that if you toke on monday, your system might be clear enough by friday to avoid a dui.       by the way, unlicensed dealers still have to deal with the feds and setting up too close to a variety of locations (mostly involving children) is illegal.',1
'wow, the cashier just ripped up my $100 bill. guess i better give her another one.       wt.f??????',1
'anyway to ban pollen?  that would be grand!',1
'totally. i will never understand those people who stand in lines waiting for the latest phone when they have a perfectly good one in their pockets.  this new phone looks the same as the "old" one to me.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'a view like your is to be expected from an uneducated hick stuck in nashville.     what a suprise, your a racist ?..and calling obama supporters drama queens ?..really ?     god forbid we say something about the mormons and all thier money and their elevators for cars, and hidden tax returns and their thousand dollar dresses and their raping and pillaging of businesses for self profit and thier tax breaks for the rich...shall i go on ?...and we are the drama queens ?....how pathetic and narrow your views are...        it dont matter anyway, romney\'s not getting in the white house, polls are looking pretty bad for him at this point..go ',1
'then no response was necessary on your part.',1
'screw those rag heads who really cares what they think if you don\'t like the movie get out of america',1
'that is not what catdaddy 1gg said.  not a public school.  i tend to agree.  if a child has allergies and goes out in public how do they know what they guy on the public transportation bus packed for lunch?  what are they going to do then?  tell they whole public to throw out their peanut butter?  if they need to live in a bubble let them i guess.  but why should i not be able to send peanut butter if my kid wants it?  it is a legal enjoyable part of life.',1
'i grew up in the same era, and don\'t agree with you. ignorance is nothing to celebrate.',1
'kids don\'t have access to the janitor\'s closet. your analogy is ridiculous. and when you type in all caps, you just look like an a$$hole.',1
'haha!',1
'this is one of the best shows to hit the airwaves in a long time!  shonda rhimes is amazing at creating the best characters and storylines!!!!',1
'fire, to destroy all you know i cna;\'t remember the rest of the song',1
'just another ignorant, greedy, racist, war monger repug. so what\'s surprising? lol!!!!',1
'good one!',1
'nowadays, many girls are dating much older guys, mainly because older guys are usually more successful and caring. ------ àɡelessmatch ------ is a focused site for older men dating younger women. maybe you can take a try.                                  ',0
'do these people not get enough of family. they need to all live toigether. most kids like to get away from their parents and be independent.  kartrashian kids need to cut the embilical cord from momma. kris. i don\'t ubnderstand why you would want the whole world to know every aspect of your life and who are these people  that really give a damn. must  have a boring life. i bet  the jenners will be in this even tho it\'s supposed to be about the kartrashian tribe. enough of these no-talent people. they are nothing but white trash,rich white trash and no i\'m not jealous i live fine thank you!',1
'lolololololoolololol  ​ olol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!',1
'finally an article that explains the taxes and layouts out the numbers.  investment income should not be taxed at the same rate.  investments are a risk.  sometimes you make money sometimes you lose money.  at some point you had to make that money as a salary so you have paid taxes on it once already.',1
'if you make a million dollars it is not my money, you get to decide who you support.  i didn\'t earn it, i don\'t get to spend it - that would be stealing.  if you start a company or open a store and employ people that is a wonderful thing.  if i worked for you, you would pay me a salary, i would be grateful.  the profits go to you because you have invested your thought, energy, time.  why is this hard for people to understand?',1
'everyone deserves a second chance. she\'s young and made a mistake. we\'ve all done things in the past we came to regret. leave her alone, and let them be.',1
'wow really??? thats your comeback? so that makes it all the better because blacks make fun of whites???  grow up!! you sound like a whiney 5 year old "but he started it, mom"',1
'back in the early clinton years, the big public debate was over hillary clinton\'s controversial plan to overhaul the healthcare system. but the clintons had another major agenda item that was hardly noticed at the time: to aggressively promote homeownership for racial minorities.   based on a flawed study by the boston fed in 1992 (coauthored by an economist friend of hillary), the democrats claimed that minority homeownership rates were being held back by "racist" banking practices. the study found that minorities had a higher rejection rate for home loan applications than the general public. without providing any direct evidence, the authors simply assumed that the underlying cause must be institutional racism in the banking industry.   common sense tells us, however, that racist lending practices would backfire and harm no one except the very banks, if any, that engaged in such practices. if some banks were willing to pass up good business opportunities in order to deny loans to minorities, other banks would certainly be more than happy to step in and take the business. and if all white-o',1
'hey go easy on crop circle makers. it takes alot of patience to trample 15 acres of corn into a democratic donkey emblem.',1
'are the only beautiful fall colors on the east coast, west coast, colorado, and arizona?  how about the midwest, oklahoma and arkansas?',1
'you can not overdose on thc. i think that\'s what he meant. so if you\'re implying that because someone died while driving high etc, that\'s different.',1
'let me ask you this rd,  "no one has ever died from using thc!"  how can you substantiate this?',1
'and at the basket ball game he just left he wrote both teams up for that and they where not even behind the wheel',1
'absolutely. while i don\'t care for michelle or her husband, there\'s no need for that at all.',1
'with the fiscal cliff crises coming up after the election is over in november, no way would i invest in this climate of pure uncertainty. pay off what you can and maintain some cash for short term emergencies. unless your one of the fortunate ones who has been able to sock away, pay off mortgage and credit card bills consistantly thru this crises then deversify some more. i can\'t seem to find a company that will hire me beyond the temp status. my retirement is being swallowed up with 2 knee replacement surgery and a bypass without health insurance. for me personally the financial crises was a breeze, it\'s the health insurance debacle that killed me. at  48 years of age, 30 years of savings were nearly wiped out.',1
'no....promoted',1
'your mistaken, obama "took over" the white house and this guy is white.',1
'@ally; you need to f,en read!!!!!!!!!! i f,en hope you`s got`s none`s of`s dem`s kid`s eathiuer!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​',1
'= love me love my color.=just （bing or google====’interraci  ​ al+circle’-）==here is the best interracial dating for black and white if you are on the lookout for an online community that is dedicated to encouraging and sowing the seeds of interracial relationships.come here find your soul mate.                       ',0
'how classy and dignified you are.  you should really be an ambassador to a foreign country.  very, very foreign and very, very far away.',1
'moving on up, moving on up!       wow, the golden era of television. archie, edith, meat head and dumb wench.',1
'michigan  all of it upper, middle and lower october, november. we have more than just cars!',1
'no my land what\'s this country coming too? we can\'t say or do anything anymore.  we almost have to ask the establishment how  to live to satisfy the left.  the day is coming soon when we will be sorry we didn\'t stop this insanity.',1
'sometimes we need a good smack on the head.',1
'you people don\'t understand sarcasm i take it.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'yes, if he did not properly represent the company. his comments were degrading and most of all not funny.',1
'how horrific is this - teachers pay is frozen all over the u.s. - some have even taken cuts and yet they spend all this money on a sports facility????  classrooms are over crowded because of budget cuts and they spend money like this????   i can\'t even imagine how it must feel to waste money in such a manner........',1
'whatever happened to free speech?',1
'obama is taking our country down. i am telling you, that is what he is doing.. you can not spend more than you have. yet, he keeps spending and spending. our dollar is worth nothing now. he has made no jobs. that is what we need. romney will do better, he is a business man and knows what the hell he is talking about. obama is a child. look at the mess overseas. he cant even bother with it. he goes to vegas and then back on the canpaign trail.. unreal.. when is he gonna be a president.',1
'who cares, it is make believe. i am more outraged at the real violence and death at the hands of islamists daily around the world.',1
'trump        ignorance causes riots.        the problem for you, black americans are usually the ones who are rioting. what does that say?',1
'trudy -you are a dimwit! "most child molesters consider themselves hetrosexuals" what! they are sick people and i don\'t care what they consider themselves! based on that comment those who commit rape are just loving people!',1
'how can any braindead, pathetic radical right wing cracked teanut dunce vote for this guy.   the repukes also want to ban invitro fertilization. yet 3 of willardo\'s children had this done to produce children. now, he wants to outlaw it to get the votes of the evangelical crazies. he will lie and do anything to win. then the evangelicals will probably get screwed if he is elected. his campaign manager called him an etch a sketch player. when he is elected you can\'t hold him to anything he promised.   his true allegiance is to the criminal corporate masters who are bankrolling his campaign so they get regulations eased to enable them to rob and steal from us once again as was done under bush bin lyin and his criminal gang-led by president cheney.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'at least he graduated, unlike the indoctrinated masses aka: demonrat party!',1
'seriously? this is not only about black people being sensitive xsvenom. i think the rodeo need to apologize to michelle obama and ann romney too for this joke went too far. it is not always all about color of skin. he can tell all the jokes he wants about whatever race but the clown\'s joke about the first lady and possible future first lady was out of line. simple!',1
'those who place wigs atop the heads of dogs shouldn\'t throw stones...',1
'actually this story is about men molesting young boys and the bsa not reporting them to the police. which is exactly what the catholic church did it is unacceptable behavior regardless of the circumstances.',1
'many younger women are looking to date older guys, mainly because older guys are relatively more successful in career and understand better how to treat their women. many couples with age gap work out fine and get alone splendidly. (meetyounger)​ is a focused community for older men dating younger women. if you are ready for a new adventure, give them a try!              ',0
'where is the outrage when 75 million blacks were killed being bought here to be slaves in this so called free country.  where is the outrage i don\'t want to here about no 6 million jews unless i here about  the slaves being killed',1
'what does it matter how much a candidate pays in taxes?  does it make them a better president?  obviously, the answer is no.  would you want your employer to require your income tax records to be made public in order to be hired?  this whole thing in ridiculous!',1
'love is the greatest refreshment in life. are you single now? do you want to find a lover who is younger than you to be your soulmates in your life?   ~````ā_g_ē_1_ o_v_è_r_~```is a popular club technically dealing with this older younger relationship and achieved great success. if you look up to a new experience, it worth your try!              ',0
'big willie,       said:  the goal of rich people is to move away from w-2 & business income and toward investment income.        that is what is supposed to create trickle down, reaganomics, economics.  the rich invest   in businesses and that creates jobs and people pay taxes.  that used to work before we   started moving all the good paying jobs overseas with little left to create in this country.       now we are a retail, service, and fast tood economy and we all know how much jobs in   those sectors pay.  barely enough to get above the poverty level even if two people are  ',1
'flat tax everyone can understand!!! that all i have to say!!!',1
'i say we should cancell the election and just go by the polls.',1
'ann romney looks like she\'s are straight out of the movie "the stepford wives"..fake as they come !     and mitt walks like a robot , just saw an old picture of him on a 10 speed bicycle..wearing a suit..what a dork !     ...i think we should send them back to the 50\'s where they belong...     they dont have a chance in hell of taking the white house..it\'s all over people..obama is over 7 points ahead in every poll.....',1
'what an idiot you are..  racist bastard',1
'how did obama get someone to do this film anyway ? wagging the dog before an election. you should have just been caught getting a b -jay by an intern',1
'they should have a separate eating area for children with peanut allergies.  this would solve the problem.  i am an allergy sufferer and i don\'t expect people who can eat what i can\'t to have to suffer along with me.  peanut butter is an inexpensive lunch for many households.',1
'should be given a medal for his honesty!!',1
'i don\'t believe the film got the embassy people attacked. i think it was a 9/11 anniversary coordinated attack. the rest of the muslim world is just so stupid and like to act like retards and burn flags that any excuse will be good enough to do it. they thought they burned the embassy and killed the folks over a movie, because that is what the news media told the world. this was so that the real questions aren\'t asked about the obama administration and hillary and the state department.',1
'the ban was for schools not to serve peanut products, but here you go with another libs interpretation of the ban.  what\'s next only serving vegetables for snacks and lunch.  and all kids are allowed to bring are veggies for lunch. its time to fight back and let the libs and do gooders know were tired of the bull*%^*',1
'im having alot of fun watching these comments rack up. (no i dont like obama and yes i got a little smile out of the joke, hate me if you want :) )',1
'roids makes your pecker small......and apparently causes one to post in caps.',1
'just give him the pb&j sandwich you took from the other kid.  oh and what in the hell does being autistic have to do with anything ? so it\'s ok to let a average kid go hungry but not the "autistic" one ?',1
'@: this is technically free speech because the comments weren\'t meant to incite any violence. we make fun of politicians all the time in this country - it\'s our right! racists have just as much right to spew hate speech as we have to verbally condemn them for doing so if its not intended to incite violence.. politicians are a reflection of our society because we elect them... its our own fault that in the last 8 years we allow intellectually defunct morons run our country.     likewise we have the best thing ever in this country, i can actually - yes actually disagree with your viewpoint and you have to suck it up and take it in the **** just because i\'m protected by the same laws that are here to protect you. everyone has an opinion, exercise it!     the first amendment consists of the first 45 words of the bill of rights, ratified in december 1791, that protect the f',1
'since you mentioned it...... i didnt think it was about being rappers, i automatically knew yall racist sobs called them garbage bc they were black.... you dont know them to call them garbage? because only young dumb black kids with tattoos would do something like that right?!!..... last i checked young dumb kids period do stupid things like that.  yall so ignorant.  they have families or people who think that bc they did stupid things their lives were still taken too soon.',1
'noobama dude:  cnn and other sources are tracking all of the stats and you also heard the highlights at the dem. come on... you people know what he has done and what he hasn\'t completed.    come on, come on people. god bless america!',1
'no, why fire him; consider the source, i would take  michelle obama over ann romney spread any day....',1
'look, that type of comment coming from anyone is unacceptable. yes, the clown needs to be canned.  what i would like to know is where is the outrage over joe biden\'s recent racist comments and why was he not fired?',1
'if my child was the one the sandwich was taken away from, i would be upset.. but if i was the parent of a child with possibly fatal reaction to peanut butter , i would thank the school for being so observant. allergies can be very serious even deadly.. come on, wheres the love?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it took me 3 1/2 years to get a loan mod. when i first called about this program i was current on my payments. i was told by jp morgan?chase that i need to be over 3 months past due. i lost my job 10 months and i\'m now paying $42.00 less. waua.',1
'it\'s a "ricktadorship"   i will miss his buddy.........i hope the next "bad" guy or "girl" is as good or better then him!',1
'there was only eleven yawning  people there incuding the pisser . the rest were photoshopped in ..',1
'yes; we have now heard of the play.  are you traveling to uganda to watch it?',1
'i call taking a **** "dropping the obama kids off at the pool" is that racist?',1
'haha! i am glad someone said mixed tapes! :)',1
'"kevin: i\'m assuming the way kael\'s fans reconcile her review of "shoah" is recognizing she\'s jewish."    i guess that\'s similar to how fans of rupert everett reconcile his recent homophobic comments by recognizing he\'s homosexual. hmmm..maybe it works.     here\'s david ehrenstein on the matter:    http://goo.gl/9inf2',1
'never even heard of some of these shows!',1
'oh and by the way...kittywoman?   my classes had 58 kids in one room.  oh and if you want to focus on proper grammer...how about those **** teachers on the picket line speaking ebonics.....and the sad fact....the school kids are pawn for these self serving ****s...i hope ronbo...fires them all...!',1
'this is total bs and we all know it.  the government tries to get people to get married for a tax break.  hey, i\'ll give you a great bit of advice, for all the money you save in taxes each year you\'ll be paying that to some lawyer anyway when you get a divorce.  you will break even in the end so what is the fuss.  the only one who will gain from you getting married is a lawyer.  check the facts; fifty percent of people get married end up getting a divorce.  now, if you find someone proper and do it right you may, may, be lucky and be one on the "heads" side of that coin.  but as we all know, "tails" never fails.',1
'although i sympathize with those with peanut  or any other allergies. why do i  or anyone else have to do things to appease you. i am alergic to some plants/flowers, should i start a movement saying they all should be destroyed? if i think i am going to be exposed, i take a pill. granted, it may not be "life" threatening to me, but you never know.',1
'that\'s "funny" i paid your mama 10 bucks and got a spilt beaver pic.',1
'if you weren\'t blinded by hate, you would know that the tea party is not racist.',1
'amen brother!',1
'i think south korean men should, by the look of them',1
'this is absolutely absurd for a high school to spend this kind of money on a stadium.  how about spending the money on art or music programs or books or teacher raises, or feeding the hungry or sheltering the homeless!  what a complete joke!  shame on them!',0
'who the hell needs texas or oklahoma? no one.',1
'i guess this guy thinks that raising taxes is a piss-poor idea.',1
'note to self....invest in cardboard boxes.',1
'ken, this is the most stupid of all the stupid posts i\'ve read today.  you are probably one of the 90% of my black folks who voted for him just cuz he was black.  don\'t know a damn thing about his un-american socialistic agenda derived from his socialist background and upbringing.  he has nothing in common with america, its roots in hard work and pay your way, and has nothing in common with any of my black african-american brothers that i was raised with.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'ciraulo - playboy/national geographic.  how many topless white women have you seen in national geographic over the years.  it\'s a reference to her ethnicity and african heritage, i.e racist.',1
'i think you have your groups mixed up.  most homosexuals are not pedophiles.  most pedophiles are just sick people.  i am very conflicted by this issue, but it surely doesn\'t help to confuse the issue.  i was abused, as were my sisters, by a male person in our family - definitely not a homosexual - he had a twisted, distorted view of women in general and regarded them, in those days, as something god put on this earth for him to use however suited him.  i have also known more than a few persons in my life who identify as homosexual and they were unusually loving, caring people who would have done a much better job around kids than my male relative.',1
'ah hah.  don\'t you think all races just need to relax and brush crap off ?   especially if it is just words, holy cow !!',1
'being underwater with your mortgage is not an economic concern. if you have to sell your house, yes you have a problem. for anyone else, it does not affect your budget, it does not affect your savings, it should not affect your necessary spending. don\'t let the media and leftist tell you how to run your life.',1
'to make your little story a little more applicable to the current situation, let\'s change beer to basic amenities needed to survive and change the "refund" to "a recession which causes basic necessities to go up in price".     now, the question is, who bears the burden?     the tenth guy says "i\'m already paying way more than all of you, so cough it up. especially you two who are paying nothing."       guys who are paying nothing: "uhh, we actually don\'t have any money to cough up. in fact, our income has gone down and we\'re even less able to pay." ',1
'seriously though .... both of them are nuttier than a fruit cake! and both should be barred from driving... and they should bothe serve time like any one of us  would if we found ourselves in this situation ,',1
'true love, no doubt. she truly loves what he can do for her, and he truly loves what she does for him. susan sarandon, jennifer lopez, bruce willis, demi moore, this is really "dog bites man not man bites dog" so to speak.',1
'iboutcasted32  ???? are you stoned now !!??',1
'thank you oregontoo. i appreciate that. :)',1
'maybe you should learn to spell her name, then come back and make your slams.',1
'its called dies the fire by s.m. stirling. very good read.',1
'old suit better',1
'yep, then watch a gallon of gas shoot up more because "hostilities" in the middle east.',1
'what an idiot, the people who died with him are idiots too who is lol now no one thier poor parents.',1
'metalhead, you beat me to it...good job dude!',1
'no, all cops are not dirt. first, this person is not a cop ... it is a "meter-maid", and not a cop. second, you realize this person is a person who will do this kind of thing, and that means that he has no integrity, or credibility remaining and should be dismissed from his position because he is still technically an "officer of the court" even though not a certified police officer. the vast majority of police officers are 100% people of principles, courage, and are above reproach in their professional dealings. that is much better than the average citizen for sure. they do the job that we, the citizenry pay them for, and they do it correctly and without fault. this meter-maid is a turd, and needs to go. but, likewise we have a lot of bus drivers, cabbies, firemen, pastors, teachers, or (insert your own profession here) who have the same percentile of ****-birds as well. there are at least as many ticketee\'s who would gladly lie about most anything to get out of paying a ticket, and therefore they are no better than the ticketer. general statements are really bad k m  ',1
'tyron e = the blame game....... he still shows lack of knowledge and responsibility..... still cant climb that ladder huh tyrone???? too old now????? passed your racism down to your children and your grand children did ya??? no wonder we have wild racist negro\'s running rampid everywhere..... ever notice that the media never talks about black on white crimes tyrone??? only white on black ones..... its because everyone knows that as soon as some journalist even comes anywhere near talking about black on white crimes, negros will run rampid screaming racism.... ever notice that indians aren\'t crying the way negros cry tyrone... its because they know that sh-t happened a few hundred years ago and they moved on past it!!!!!  how long have you been racist my nigga????? 60 years of hate???? wow!!!! way to show how you grew up!!!! i\'m surprised your anger hasn\'t given you a heart attack yet.... to tyrone, the white man =\'s the boogie man... hahahahahahahahahaha  ​ ... loser freak!!!!!',1
'that\'s just wrong making us wait for the mcrib until december,',1
'the tax code is not really biased against singles, but against married working couples.  if you are thinking about marrying your fiance, but both planning on continuing your careers, don\'t! just move in together, you\'ll save somewhere between 5 & 10% on your taxes by living together and filing separately.    the thinking at the irs is tied back to the 30\' & 40\'s when the majority of married couples had a single, male, earner.  so a married person who earned $100k had to support 2 persons on that money, but a single person only had to support 1, therefore he had more "disposable income" so could afford a slightly higher rate.   however, due to some other hinky thinking at the irs, a couple where each earned $50k gets taxed at the higher rate for the $100k guy, but if each were single, they\'d get the lower rate of 2 $50k earners, which totals to less than married $100k tax.  go figure.   the best situation is to get married, only 1 work, and that person hold a job at the vp level so that family can afford',1
'cats have nothing on the ways i\'ve seen ferrets sleep.',1
'i saw a lemur on a bus in los angeles before!   it was a very friendly critter too!',1
'i have heard a thousand jokes referring to past presidents being white and old, i don\'t recall msn saying it was bad taste then...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'edward, i assume you must be one of the elected.  if so, it is my desire that you be sent home in november too.  i stand by what i said.    i do not understand some of your rattlings.  where did i make a racial slur???  i can\'t find that.  i do think all of washington, d. c. is "high maintenance" and i have said before i think a leteral herd of goats would represent us better. i do not like hillary\'s mouthing nor do i like panetta\'s racket.  obama, in my opinion, has done a better job than george, jr. but he has not brought about the "change" he promised in 2008 in my opinion.  you have your ideas.  i have mine.  you may be a nice person. i"m not denying that because i don\'t know you.  so, i can\'t decide that.  however, if you are elected, then i consider you a part of the problem.  unless you speak out against corruption, weakening the military, hurting the old people with medicare and social sercurity payments going to people who have never paid taxes to the country, then you must support those actions and are therefore a part of the problem.  if that is true, then i just want you replaced in november.  we need people in office who care about us.  how do you explain all the aid g',1
'maybe they\'re not from our country.',1
'mcdonalds needs to lower there prices  like wendys  then the people will come  common sense',1
'i want to time how long it takes for this to get to reddit',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i had a comment similar to jason\'s eaten up, but i agreed that her argument was an aesthetic one. her infamous line also implied that lanzmann could have found anti-semitism in her own review, which is not far off from what many people did. beyond that one line, i\'m not sure what in the review could be viewed as odious, except for what she states at the beginning, that "shoah" was/is beyond reproach because of its subject matter.',1
'seems like chrysler went down hill when they brought amc to get the jeep',1
'lmfao,lmfao,lmfao,lm  ​ fao,lmfao,lmfao..thu  ​ gs rule.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'carefull. they might surround your home and burn someone elses flag on you lawn, and h.o.a. will get all pissed that the ashes aren\'t the approved color. then your neighbors might think the home team won the championship and take to the streets as well.',1
'i am with you all the way steve....all i am trying to do as a day trader is go with the flow...trees don\'t grow to the sky and the market won\'t either but it\'s been a nice ride.',1
'nancy is a master of puppets, problem is, she knows her puppets are the dumbest society has to offer. the democrats feed nonsense to their undereducated ranks to try to get them to the polls.  that is why we with logic love it when it rains on election day because none of the handout-taking dems will go to the polls.',1
'yes i bet 30 years ago a bunch of fat happy englishmen were sitting on their little island laughing about the chinese eating rats, dogs, cats, bugs, etc..."that\'ll never happen here mate!" they said...lol     just like some of you think the english eating rats is funny and it can never happen here..lmao     england is a socialist state now and i urge you to find a definition of socialist and compare it to obama\'s policies...... we all think we know what a socialist is, but not all of us do..',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'he\'ll just get a reprimand that will stay on "his permanent record".  lol',1
'where\'s the beef?   i don\'t even see it.   this is a donut-lovers thing.',1
'personally i think it all boil down to money...most can\'t afford to leave or won\'t out of fear that the one that is getting rejected decided to make you life miserable because you decide you don\'t want to be in the marriage anymore.',1
'oh and i appreciate the stereo type of being the "outraged" boycotting email warrior!!  free speech is way more important to me than spending 1 min of my life worrying about that petty sh!t.  and i would only protest evolution if it wasn\'t being taught!',1
'i see a whole lot of mis information in some of these comments. first, i am a loan officer for a local savings bank. i\'ve been in the business since the mid 1980\'s. over the years, i have worked for very big banks and very small ones, in addition to being a broker. i know all sides. the comment that wells fargo is not "loaning a dime to nyone" is pure hogwash! though i do not work for wells, i can tell you that they are the #1 mortgage lender in the country for a reason. they are lending. granted, it is much tougher to qualify today, than in years past. that is the residue of an imploded market. further, please do not think harp loans are a scam. far from it. i\'ve closed several client\'s harp refinances over the past year. in some cases, i have saved by clients $300 - $400 per month. i am working on one right now that will save my client over $900 per month. those who have been turned down for harp simply do not fit the program criteria, specifically that your original mortgage must have closed prior to june 2009. the average fixed rate i have given my clients is around 3.75%. lets not blame the government for not giving the store away to everyone. keep in mind that borrowers are a',1
'and my man-meat is you since thats my avatar your using you mentally retarded negro moron lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ .thugs rule.',1
'omg- i have a copy of a ticket - enlarged many times- that shows i was driving 676 miles - i was going about 60 but the highway patrol officer said i was going 76 - went to court and the judge said pay - i said yes sure i want to pay the fine for going 676 - the judge said the court crossed out the first 6- wow,  the court system gets to alter a legal document - in the end they had to throw it out because i didn\'t give in- i am keeping the copy in a frame hung up on  a wall to remind me not to trust our justice system..',1
'wow all these sad stories.  sounds like i need to go buy a cheap house asap',1
'i understand you had a bad experience, but not everyone, not every child involved in scouting did.  most had just the experience their parents hoped for them.  please do not blame the whole organization for one bad person.',1
'i never used the word "dime" i used the word coin. now when you say some rates in dowtown, well that stands to reason that some rates are not $6/hr. please provide the street address and meter rates for that particular meter, if that is going to be your argument. also, leave \'coin\' out, he could have swiped a card, or done anything prior to the camera going on, that as my point.',0
'he looks nothing like sandusky......',1
'tyrone it is sad that i need to educate you regarding slavery and i am white lol. my ancestors did not enslave your people other africans did then sold them to europeans who , in turn, brought some of them here. as for the violent past that you were subjected too? please stop trying to pretend that you were back in the cotton fields, or was a student during the 60\'s riots, or sat next to rosa parks on that bus . because you didnt. you have no idea what it was to suffer any of that youre just trying to grasp at straws and blame the white man for your flaws and failures as a man. racism ended in 1865 and though clearly there is still racism today...and there will always be to some extent, that is a two way street.',1
'hell, she could shove half of it up her butt and no would know it was gone',1
'failed grade school grammer?',1
'this is why we don\'t want homos in the boy scouts.',1
'i hate to say it, and the guy is probably telling the truth, but the recording starts when the guy is already in the middle of writing the ticket. it would have been very possible for the \'ticketee\' to put an additional coin in the meter. i don\'t have a horse in this race either way, but actually watching the video, there is no proof he didn\'t feed the meter. happens to be exacly 5:00 left when he begins recording? maybe. maybe not.',1
'yes, i am aware of my need to provide an epi-pen for my child and i do. in fact, we have two. however, there is a nurses office and there should be more available than a few band aids. when there is an emergency, seconds count. taking the time to look for a childs back-pack back in home-room or going back to the teachers desk, or trying to find where an individuals supplied epi-pen has been stored in the office takes too long. then, there is concern that it may be expired. sure, the parents should be diligent in this, but then, so should the school since they are responsible for the child while they are at school.',1
'the very first step is to learn to live below your means.  if you can\'t do this, then neither paying down your debt or investing will matter in retirement.',1
'yawn!',1
'thats what they had to do to get that dog swell out.',1
'agreed! although, many single people have families and friends that care about them so you don\'t have to be completely alone. good luck, and i hope you find what you are looking for soon!',1
'i agree.  i think that music really died in the 80s.  there were a few good tunes by that time, but mtv probably ruined music overall.',1
'i disagree with this article. when i was single for 10 (no children)  i could save more money. although... it was a different economy. i also lived in a apartment. i lived a very simple life.',1
'ok, i have actually been on that saddle and both mountains a couple of times.  it\'s rugged and non technical in most spots but still kind of remote.  the guy was apparently with another climber that was in trouble, in bad weather, and had lost their water.  they both tried to carry the heavy dog that could not walk on its own.  even under ideal conditions that would be crazy and dangerous.  so, what do you do?  i love my dog also but i would not say, "sorry bud.  good luck!" and grab the pooch.  it\'s a crappy decision to have to make but i don\'t think i would have trouble coming to the same conclusion either.  it was stupid to bring a dog there in the first place but i still don\'t see how criminal charges are involved unless a lot more happened that was not reported on.',1
'see the future here! do you want to make thousands? then check this out. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. there is information that the rich have been trying to keep for themselves and now you have access to it. come over and get your share of the cash today.',0
'norma, maybe it\'s because we have a black president and a lot more racist stuff is being said.  my god, read half the posts here. open your eyes.',1
'i lived 8 years through bush\'s america and it was no picnic!!!',1
'he should of piss on you but you would probably like that',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh please! can we say photoshopped? i can even see where the real photo ends and the inserted part begins. don\'t believe everything you read or see on the internet folks.',1
'we\'re racist because we don\'t like the president and what he has inflicted upon our country?  really? wouldn\'t it be racist if you forced us to like him because he is black? what a crock of #*#*',1
'that fits conservatives in general.  i\'ve lost count of how many times i\'ve seen hannity or o\'reilly talking about how hollywood celebrities should stick to what they know and stay out of politics.    ...then they invite clint eastwood to speak in a prominent slot at their presidential convention.',1
'exodus 9:23   moses stretched out his staff toward the sky, and the lord sent thunder and hail, and fire ran down to the earth. and the lord rained hail on the land of egypt.    exodus 3:2  the angel of the lord appeared to him in a blazing fire from the midst of a bush; and he looked, and behold, the bush was burning with fire, yet the bush was not consumed.    either of these what you are referring to?',1
'"biker joes" vote? at the house of meth. toothless and saggy boobs.',1
'with the name hunter i think he should carry a toy rifle to sign his name, and his parents should sue the school for having unqualified employees. you should be smarter than the pupels to be a teacher',1
'how do you like your shrimp? ham?',1
'she has got to be the the dumbest women in america.',1
'actually the ones doing all the protesting are all in the middle east.    all the muslims here in america - millions of them - while i\'m sure aren\'t happy about this understand what freedom of speech means in this country and how it is applied so they realize there\'s no need for widespread protest over this; the film was made by one jerk weed and even though the government or culture doesn\'t stop it, that doesn\'t mean the government or culture condones it either.',1
'yes, actually i do believe he should be fired. i don\'t care about which party you are in, i believe respect for the office and even the first lady is a must. people lose there manners when it comes to politics. the worst part is the joke wasn\'t even funny. just dumb. but i guess you cant expect to much from a clown. what a loser.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'actually, warren buffett hasn\'t been paying the irs. he owes the irs from past years.',1
'there you go again, trying to mix fiction with reality... :-)',1
'....police powers; check into it.',1
'these have been served at the kentucky state fair for years....with krispy kreme donuts.',1
'"that is the residue of an imploded market."   you forget to mention mainly caused by said banks.       "i\'ve closed several client\'s harp refinances over the past year."   by "several" were you referring to two or three?       "...borrowers are able to refi on harp for up to 125% of their home\'s value."   i was under the understanding that as of the new harp rules, there was no loan to value requirements.       "the average fixed rate i have given my clients is around 3.75%."  ',1
'used to take your burned out light bulbs into detroit edison and they would give you free replacements. and you could also take small appliances in for free repairs. various laundry detergents used to have a free glass or laundry towel inside (and the price of the product wasn\'t any higher than normal). miss those days so much!',1
'music is crap nowadays....nobody makes an album anymore......grammys  ​  are given to ...polka dancers and a dance single is a 1.29 strip of data that you cannot copy to a tape.... if i want to listen  to some real music i pull it out of a jacket and put it on the needle.     meanwhile, i cannot tell you the last time i watched a music video....why bother.....i have xm and  rapsody and just call it a day. watercolors is the best!!',1
'problem is that white people are so afraid of being deemed a racist yet the black and mexican comedians make fun of us all of the time. go figure.  then of course we have all of these national latino days and african american days , etc. what happened to our cracker days?',1
'thanks fema.....     my senior moment.   i have an appointment with my neurosurgeon today and that was on my mind.   i tell people i don\'t have alzheimer\'s, i have someheimer\'s.   it just hits me sometimes.        lol',1
'it\'s called hunger games',1
'he is definitely an obama supporter and i think i saw him on msnbc after the 2008 elections when chris matthews asked him why did you vote obama and he replied "i don\'t know."  then i saw him on nbc after bin laden was allegedly killed in front of the white house leading a mosh pit of half naked college students with michelobs in their hand and then later being interviewed by a teary brian williams.  oh and i saw him in an r.e.m. and rage against the machine music video.',1
'when lightning struck the ground in between my brother and me.  we were standing about 3 feet from each other and our dad was underneath a tree. scary stuff then but i am still totally mesmerized by it.',1
'like you  leftys gave any repub pres respect?',1
'i\'ve had three dogs in my 50 years, a mixed breed setter, great dog, a beautiful and large framed black lab, not much of a hunter but was terrific fun at the lake. my current dog is a german wire haired pointer. he is the best friend a bird hunter could have. he has a personality that makes you laugh no matter how you feel. i would hope, if i go before my dog, i have been a good enough friend that he would lay on my grave for years. capitan and miguel must have been inseparable.. loyalty is a two way street!',1
'...and rt would find a way to rant about gays in an article about puppies.',1
'can\'t stop laughing.... i\'m sorry!!!',1
'how about john delorean. you could get a free kilo for every new car you buy.',1
'i have a friend that has a nut allergy.  she\'s know about it since we were kids, some 40 years ago.  she learned not to eat anything with nuts in it while the rest of us ate them.  guess what?  she can eat peanut butter because its not a nut, it is a legume.  big difference.  amazing we were able to grow up safe and sound without making society responsible for our welfare.',1
'i certainly hope no one would attempt to eat this while driving.',1
'its because you are stupid that\'s why',1
'clubs, raves, concerts...anything with music and lots of people wanting to trip out. also, the super wealthy can have it in their mansions...',1
'my child is 5 years old. my husband and i educate her everyday about her allergy. we have medical bracelets for her and an epi-pen at the school. my daughter has been taught since we found out she was allergic to peanuts to ask if the food is peanut free before she eats it, but do you really think another 5 year old is going to know what their sandwich or snack is made of? as a matter off fact today the classroom was eating munchkins as a special treat, but my child told the teacher they were not peanut free and did not eat them. i worry about my daughter because that is what a good parent does. she has gone out to eat and she has gone to birthday parties we do not keep her in a bubble, but we do keep her protected as much as we possibly can. we love being her parents and we would hate to lose that ability because someone gave her a food that killed her.',1
'it\'s definitely physical, but i would say it qualifies more as entertainment than a sport. these guys train hard and work hard, and a lot of the moves require strength and stamina for sure, but there is too much **** inbetween to take the match seriously.',1
'must have been low on his quota for the month-advice take a laptop to court.',1
'bill maher can go suck a box of dicks..',1
'mcribs are mcyuck!!!',1
'wish i was a kitty!',1
'apparently, the white robe and pointed hood have been exchanged for a big red nose and clown make-up. what - no burning cross?',1
'no, i\'d rather not eat my own death',0
'its actually the wrong use of their....it should be"there goes".  so even though you were trying to prove a point, mr sarcastic, you too are kind of incorrect.',1
'why does there always have to be one idiot in the bunch?  ruin it for the rest of us who really love and enjoy cats.',1
'so keeping open gays out all these years hasn\'t  kept kids from being harmed??!!',1
'this isn\'t a 3rd world country...it\'s england...     do you think they can afford steak and they eat rat because they like it better,...do you?     and don\'t think for a minute our economy can\'t get this bad...there are already elderly here that are eating dog food in a can. this has been going on for years!',1
'i heart radio.  because  i can\'t afford cd\'s  and  i don\'t have an ipod  becuase  i\'m old  :p',1
'the evidence is quite apparent, their articles are \'source\' enough...but hey, if you need google, google away lol',1
'thats pretty damn funny actually...give the clown a raise!!!',1
'gee....someone else did die...3 someone elses to be exact...i am sure they all were just overjoyed to be turned into ground beef becasue this individual thought he was so great...',1
'too gruesome for me but well written and acted.',1
'if your into the roid thing knock yourself out,i prefer the strict regimen and body decipline respecting my mind,body and soul..btw...why aren\'t you posting in caps if as you say your pecker is living in gerbil city, love being in gerbil city lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ ​thugs rule.',1
'huh?',1
'thanks jim crow for the information.  i guess anyone going by jim crow is trustworthy for information shared?',1
'bet you are a nigga just like that little monkey.',1
'must be talking about your mama again dude.',1
'@ tyrone e..... you\'re clearly an idiot by choice!!!!',1
'26% has caused 75% increase in the market......your math is not making sense     lol',1
'your 19% of the population.  try it and you will be 9%.',1
'i don\'t care one way or the other,as for as i am concern it is between them and if he want to forgive her and make up then that his business.',1
'he should of never brought his dog knowing how rugged the place was, the criminal charges are for leaving the animal to die. next time something happens to you i hope they leave you there to die. if it was me, i do not care how long it took, i would make it down that mountain with that dog.      i hope you do not have animals or kids for that matter.',1
'a$$',1
'this bent cop is crooked and needs to be fired. period. we have enough problems in our society without the law joining in. like i stated: "this crooked cop is bent and he needs to be fired!"',1
'i say bring back the mc steak, now that was a sandwich!!',1
'mcdonalds food sucks!  i mean seriously, we had two small cheeseburgers(really  ​  small), a fish fillet small fry and a larger tea for 18.33 the other day!  small food huge price.  i don\'t see this place being around much longer as the food quality is worse than when i was kid and the price more than quadrupled!     america quit eating this crap',1
'bill maher just looks like a pedophile.',1
'no',1
'omg... it is going to be a really crappy day tomorrow...need pants and sweatshirt.(definite  ​ ly a sweatshirt or  an umbrella) although i love the rain so i really do not care.',1
'i',0
'that confuses me; there\'s not a lot to understand.  you kiss your wife goodnight; they kiss their partner goodnight.  that\'s pretty much it.',1
'someone said earlier in a reply to me that they don\'t care if muslims are offended.        we, as christians, should care.  we are called to care. jesus said "do unto others as you would have others do unto you"  and "love thy neighbor as thy self. "        jesus was born into roman-occupied lands.  there were pagan temples all over.  the jews and the samaritans thought of each other the way jews and  christians think of muslims today.  yet jesus preached in samaria.  he taught the parable of the good samaritan.  he didn\'t send his disciples out to hate and hurt others, but to love and preach to them.  even the romans who crucified him.    he took the sword from peter and healed the roman soldier.  this is how christians are called to act and to witness for him.',1
'yeah right....and some of your closest friends are black right..lol',1
'the only thing racist here is msn\'s reporting of the "joke".',1
'i don\'t think the  two of them would have joined up if not for the twilight movie series.   too different.  she has a dark side and  i hope he is wise enough to realize it.   she probably can\'t make it in the movie industry with out him, my opinion.   he has shown class even though hurt during this betrayal.  i ask r pat to   take his time in evaluating whether to go back with kristin.',1
'the source article says four hours. at least copy and paste properly.',0
'hey w.t.f.101, i don\'t know what fantasy world you live in?   in the real world your license/tag number is recorded and put in a database directly associated with your registration.  you either have to prove you were not driving or you have to pay those fines + penalty to renew your license.  have a nice surreal life!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'so you need to stop that american crap.',1
'i think the admistrators were afraid of to much competition from the nuts in the sandwich!!!',1
'let me teach you something about communications 101 and you can go ask your ignorant professor why he hasnt taught you the basics.part a. in america there is english slang and law language.  part b.  anywhere in the world if you can get your point across even with mispronunciation and mispelling then you still have done your job in breaking the language gap and people can understand you.  get an education.  on the computer i type in slang this isnt being graded and im not trying to make money.  get a clue you english wannabe teacher you dont even know the basics of communications 101 and you can only be a lil troll when you are nothing more then a ignoramous.   you brain cant handle the **** i know it would explode.',1
'where\'s the 1967 chevy impala?',1
'you\'re racist...',1
'you are an adult you can do what u want and go were u want so u have control kids have to go to school and cant be watched by parents.',1
'let\'s see your tax returns, or do welfare recepients even have to file',0
'which part was she lying about thumbsucker',1
'look at the picture.',1
'no it was funny i hate dumbama and his ugly wife too',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'windows phone is way better than the iphone.  can\'t wait for windows phone 8 to come out!',1
'how short our memory is. does anyone remember the first bush\'s wife? get real tee.',1
'why not? if you don\'t want your picture taken don\'t go out in public especially if you are famous and doing something embarrassing.',1
'look image maker, nobody agrees with you and we are on a liberal democrat msn forum. sick dumbs oops dems like you cry corporation and then expect them to hire you for a job so you can strike or demand more from the hands that feed you.  keep, your stupid dem propaganda going that republican\'s are all wealthy while you continue to vote elitist wealthy ivy league socialist sickos into office that speak to every one of your social and special interest , minority group, and hand-out taking lazy\'s.  "disperse the wealth" over my dead black body.  make wealthier people pay higher tax rates??????????  sickos, the wealthy already pay for your handouts, and once you disperse all their wealth who\'s gonna pay for it all?????  you the u.s. citizen will be the next europe.  there is no government program that is self supportive, they all can\'t keep a simple budget and they all end up taxing us more when they go broke.  down with big government down with obama and democratic hand-out ideology.  everyone pay their fair share and everyone have an equal tax percentage.',1
'you also forgot revenge. and that\'s the most obvious one!!!',1
'we continued to send the same paperwork over and over again,at least ten times, even while actually on the phone with a citi employee faxing and talking to make sure they rec\'d. after they acknowledged rec\'pt by fax, time goes by and they send a letter stating they have not rec\'d paperwork and apps.again. when 4 months elapse after doing this and they also do not apply the payments while in the midst of the hamp program. we were never late on any of the payments, and recieve a foreclosure notice.   i had to come up with 20k to get relief from the lawyers that are in the same address as the mtg. co.or, the foreclosure would have taken place.as long as they could extend the time past 4 mos. and not credit the home loan monies as they send the funds to a different location and not to the loan, it shows unpaid.they can then recieve the credit monies for the foreclosure they placed.  absolute criminals! they should all be in prison.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'would you chew it up, or just let it inch it\'s way down your throat?',1
'is it still going to taste like $hit?',1
'many people out grow allergies as they age.',1
'not me!  i quit working already after i realized that i had saved enough money to continue living the meager life style i grew accustomed to while saving for retirement.  i\'ve been doing nothing for the last two years.  i find that quite fulfilling!  i\'m still going to have to pay federal income taxes but i\'m no longer having to pay for medicare or social security taxes.  next year i start collecting social security at age 62.  no way i\'m going to wait until full social security age.  i thinking that waiting until i\'m 66 is the wrong thing to do since that\'s what most financial planners are recommending.  they were also recommending investment in the market back before the dot com bust.  i\'m glad i didn\'t follow that advice either  but instead paid my mortgage off 20 years early.  i only invested money in the market that i couldn\'t use to pay down other debt.  it\'s been over 30 years since i bought my last new car which i still have (but that\'s another story)!  i\'m debt free now but have to spend over $12,000 a year on health care insurance.  needless to say, the money that i might have used for travel is now being consumed by the health care industry!  my home owners insurance is ',1
'look on the bright side. they offered hillary $100 to keep her clothes on!!',1
'i\'d rather get a carne asada buritto for $5.00  & an juice for a $1.00 then go get a lottery ticket & still have change left.',1
'i quit eating at mccrapholes 50 years ago.',1
'i do not take msn\'s daily dose of pro gay news seriously...',1
'right on.  michael savage?',1
'the problem is the coward politicians in washington who don\'t have the guts to do what we the taxpayers put them in office to do. what is best for united states of america. it\'s their party allegiance first, themselves next and the taxpayers last. we need real leadership to make changes that will strengthen the solvency of the usa. i\'m for means testing in all aspects of social security, & medicare. sure these people worked hard but i believe they would prefer means testing versus higher taxes. if the american adults will grow up and take responsibility for their financial future then you will not be whining about retiring a few years later. like dave ramsey says, "live like no one else so later, you can live like no one else" it\'s up to you !  i\'m already planning on working till i\'m 66yrs 6 months and plan to be dept free house and all. you can do it, just put a plan in place.',1
'when i lived in nigeria, my nephew who was born and raised in denver, co would visit my village from the us, went to bars where they sold dog meat buy some with alcoholic drinks tapped from palm trees and ate. i was raised in the village but i never considered dog as meat. most of the things he ate, would never pass through my mouth but he did. he\'s now a major in the united states army.',1
'i agree, very hard for some schools, glad you mentioned it, thank you.',1
'dripping embryonic chicken + anything = vomit.',1
'and the winner of that contest is mr floating.   the other two opinions are unsupportable tripe.',1
'i dunno.  it doesn\'t look all that appetizing.......',1
'unless you are horribly allergic to them!!',1
'no, just many of them.',1
'where\'s yours',1
'wife passed out in a restaurant and when i bent to pick her up split the seat out of my pants (went from the zipper to the belt loop). back to the picture i am dissapointed the guy didn\'t turn around and piss on him.',1
'no 7 & 14!  i would give almost anything to be able to sleep like a cat!',1
'maybe two dozen whites in the crowd and the ones up front are with him,   the guy pissing is black or he would be in jail for doing it right now.',1
'obama  out   hell  yes',1
'it was called the cheddar melt!! and i loved it!! i worked there a swell, and we put sauteed onions on ours!! mmmmmmmmm! chaddar malt with sauteed onions!!!',1
'really?  which cuss words ?',1
'if nancy pelosi is not a 1%er she is at least in the top 25%.  why does the screaming liberal consistently fail to recognize that dem leadership is made up of a bunch of wealthy, elitists?',1
'white or fight right goodnight. what a fukking idiot.',1
'this is what you call a schill.',1
'"smoke"? what, where? is there a fire someplace? don\'t you mean "haze"?',1
'nancy looks a lot like the "ugliest woman" msn just had an article about.',1
'whats your excuse...oh thats right, no mother to change them for you.',1
'it\'s a terrible law, but he should let a ****hole of a country be a ****hole of a country.',1
'i\'m glad my stat has legalized gay marriage. now i can get married to my heterosexual friend, and enjoy the tax benefits of being married, while still enjoying my relationship with my girlfriend!',1
'if that rodeo needs a new "clown," may i suggest they hire the president?  he\'s the biggest frickin\' "clown" i know of!     and they don\'t need to use makeup either, that bastard\'s face is funny-looking enough without it!',1
'first of all who is this dumb a$$ clerk any way   half of the time at walmart the cashier cant even adequately give you a friggnin price check , and then half of them don\'t even speak good english.       i would have had a fit first and foremost...because they tore up my friggin money!!!!  then i would have asked to go home  once they refused i would have kept on asking to go home, , upon arrival of the police, i would have requested police verify that the money was real, and  then requested the  return of the torn money  i thenn would have informed them very calmly that they would be hearing from my attorney.  and i would have sued  the living crap out of them !!!!! false imprisonment ( because they repeatedly failed to allow me to leave)  mental distress,  ( for the humiliation of being walked thru the store that was full of members of my community) and then sued them for punitive damages...!!!!  how\'s  that for a roll back!!!',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'most dont get the joke thats what the clown was gettn at gorilla',1
'racist :(',1
'to answer the question, if you fire him, i for one don\'t know him personally so i wouldn\'t be worried if he couldn\'t pay the bills in my home. second, he is not the first to find humor in racism and will not be the last (as i\'ve read in most of these responses). bottom line, i think of other people (heroes) that could be trending better than a damn clown!!!',1
'lol im a cashier/server  all i do is look for the hoograph of benny, you cant trust the pen test because people can bleach a $5 bill white and just print over it, only main flaw in that is on the face will be benny but the holograph will be abraham. match the faces and you just about cant go wrong',1
'i\'m torn on this one. normally i\'d feel the pres and first lady should be off limits for lampooning/satire, whatever; but of course the hollywood makes fun of racially white presidents and their wives endlessly. though i think the joke was a little over the top, in all fairness he should keep his job.',1
'which one is my favorites i got to said all of them they all so cute',1
'i\'d own a big peice of wal-mart.',1
'probably, if you took off the glazed donuts and put on jelly filled i\'d be all in :)',1
'he is expressing his opinion on obama',1
'i might buy one for all the canditats that are running for election. and i know i spelled that wrong',1
'mrs. obama didn\'t fire him, or even comment.  what are you talking about.  the rodeo fired him, complain to them.',1
'get conscious, america!  wake up to the reality of the past 3 1/2 years.       haven\'t we had enough of this total, complete incompetence???       this has nothing to do with political parties, right vs. left, etc.  it has everything to do with america!!!       as americans, vote out hussein obama in november!',1
'i\'m glad i got to be the butt of your joke, j. bird. :d',1
'msn wont let you write n_i_g_g_e_r or else thats what i would say.... what are you stoopid or something????',1
'fruits - f-ing nuts  & **** !',1
'life is so lonely,i am a single biker woman,i’m seeking someone who can love me and share the passion for speed, i also uploaded my hot photos on ~~~ seekriders (dot com)  ~~~ under the name of julie..it is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers.i hope you will check my photos out there. maybe you are the one who i’m looking for！！！                      ',0
'your home value has nothing to do with your insurance. if you are talking mortgage insurance, its citi that\'s covered, not you.',1
'not much makes it into ciruclation.  check out the degree of excess reserves held in banks from the federal reserve of st. louis.   in order for there to be actual devaluation and inflation.. there need to be demand first.  without demand, price increases can\'t be accepted.  stagflation can happen if costs rise quickly enough to infringe on production without demand being generated, but even energy costs where they are aren\'t going to have that impact.  in the early 80s we saw declining inflation rates because the rate of inflation wasn\'t meeting the expected rate.   otherwise.. in order to have inflation you need people getting raises and paying more for products.  that requires demand.  even just to get money out of the banks and as excess reserves.. you need demand for loans.   think of monetary policy as a kite string.  you need to be careful about how to let it out when the wind is up because it\'ll just get higher and farther away from you (take your pick which one designates output and price leve.. up or out  ',1
'i,m sure you have always been innocent of your violations!  right?',1
'people, lets get off the racist thing, he made statements about both women. blacks are more racist than whites, face it.',1
'i don\'t believe this at all.  i am a customer service supervisor at wal*mart, and know that none of my cashiers would just tear the money up if they said it was fake.  there are steps we take to ensure that any bill is not counterfeit.  if we are unsure, the cops are called to check it out and that can take a while, but we never destroy the money or accuse the customer of producing fraudulent money.',1
'there are so many things that can be said to you about your silly-azz comment.  but, evidently you must have been tossed by some bull as well.  no one has to lighten up to racist jokes about people different than you. its bad taste and very disrespectful. you lighten up and get some manners and some class.',1
'several years ago mcd said the mcrib was not going to be brought back again.',1
'yes you do.',1
'not in this case, ............. no one attempted to coerce her with money or lies, she voluntarily dropped  trou  .............. and yes, she is a class act, a class act that likes to get naked in mixed company and even when smart enough to know that she is under unbelievable scrutiny, or as i like to say it, a dumb exhibitionist!',1
'this woman probably fists her "man" up to her elbow, and slaps him around like her little toy.',1
'i love this tv shows,i would love to see a movie.',1
'you were your moms biggest blooper did you every find out who daddy is',1
'i once read of an ambulance being given a ticket for parking in a red zone, even though they were there with their lights on, siren wailing and picking up a victim.',0
'amen, james!  i see you also noticed the garbage and no-count crap that passes for news on msnbc.',1
'and then you would eat your dogs and go back for more you dumb hillbilly',1
'whatever works for them. maybe she\'s into older men and he\'s into younger women. as long as the age difference doesn\'t bother them, then it shouldn\'t bother us.',0
'so cute, cuter than some human beings...',1
'radio. i don\'t download music. or buy cd\'s either. i prefer talk radio.',1
'spotify.  no need to buy music or get  satellite radio.  best way to listen to your favorite artist.',1
'someone get a life this is cat talk',1
'a$$',1
'get so tired of that stupid remark. most black people voted for the democrat! those same black people have voted for a white dem candidate forever, they would have voted for h. clinton, and a lot of them voted for her over obama in the primary. so your stupid statement is just...well, racist.   btw, i guess by your logic, you only voted for mccain because he is white.   have you ever voted for a black pres candidate? you do know that obama was not the first one. yeah sure you have.   and i guess by your logic, if cain had gotten on the rep ticket, he would have gotten the black vote because he is (whole) black!   give me a freaking break.',1
'peanut allergies are responsible for an estimated 150 deaths per year. yes, that\'s too often but not really very commonplace as you implied. peanut allergies do not always cause a life threatening reaction, and peanuts are not the only allergen that people can have fatal reactions to, yet that seems to be the only one schools react to. if you\'re going to ban peanuts, you should ban the other items people can have fatal allergies to as well.',1
'yeah she proves she outclasses everyone by riding coat tales!!!!! hahahahahaha... seems like you\'re growing rather stupid these days smart people.... i see you changed your response down below when i questioned you on it.. you\'re not very smart at all are you????',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'does it really matter? what is makeup anyway? it is all in the defination of the word, i think.  most men in the us wear a form of makeup in one way or another.  those males who are offended have masculinity issues anyway so no big deal.',1
'so many racist out there. lol. anyway, very dumb move. i am just glad nobody else died.  white black or otherwise. there are idiots of every race out there. even the clueless ones that post racist bs on these boards.',1
'anything is better than walking as for the smart car ?  i don\'t know but i use to have an austin healey sprite , a very small car it was fun to drive around town.',1
'#8 reminds me of my billy.. miss that whacky kitty!  =}',1
'peanut allergy can sometimes result in death, it\'s not that they get a rash or something minor, it is very real, death happens way too often. please understand this, i would not want to ever be responsible for someone\'s death because i was that selfish. eat peanuts and pb at home...',1
'mr. ortolani should be castrated. otherwise, rescuers could be picking up one of his future offspring that he left abandoned on a hike.',1
'...he still has to go to court to prove his case.  the judge has to rule.  this aint over yet.',1
'her husband got her the job...the rodeo clown at least worked to earn his place',1
'which is worse, a crooked cop or a crooked court?  case in question, prattville    al. man arrested for child sexual abuse, he wouldnt take a plea bargain, went to court instead,, in court no evidence on his behalf was entered into the court, no witness was put on the stand in his behalf, not hard to get a conviction under these circumstances.... i can prove these statements, i have a copy of the court records of the trial',1
'do you mean whole video.no, he said 6 minutes. the meter only ever showed 5 minutes.even the article states : "even though the tape clearly shows the supposed offender had five minutes left on the meter". and you spelled switched wrong. seriously, i should have known you were slow just based on your user name, but please, don\'t humiliate yourself any further.i don\'t know of any other polite way to say \'you\'re stupid.\'',1
'yes we have put in. i understand  safety nets but the number of people who did not work very long, diluting the pool of money by collecting for extended periods of time.        if you want to hurt yourself so be it. why would you want to hurt all of the good people here? i bet you think you are a good people, why so anger, be productive instead. please thing about your actions first. good luck.',1
'j. nomayo:  really funny hearing you promoting domestic cars and trucks here while in your other posts elsewhere you back asian garbage as being the vehicles to "own". is it the fact only some of the ricers are assembled here with mostly our manufactured parts even though they are not an american company you still consider them domestic or are you just a plain screwed up individual who also doubles as a hypocrite? it has actually gotten to the point all asian vehicle backers are misled, misinformed complete idiots who haven\'t a clue about anything, including what is good for our country\'s economy and our country as a whole.',1
'mb..................  ​ ....................  ​ can\'t wait. bring it on and i\'ll show you cracker. if you survive, we\'ll make you get a job',1
'funny, i know schools that give pb&j to kids that ran out money on their school accounts or weren\'t able to bring their own lunch... they should just let the kids go hungry. they might have a peanut allergy!!',1
'how do you know all of this? you are a very lost soul. be honest, you know there are no facts, just lies and the truth is you don\'t want a family of color in the white house. go back to france',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'in peru guinea pig roasted on a spit is a big seller in restaurants.  you even get to pick out your own live pig, like you would a lobster at a seafood restaurant.  at least that way you know it\'s not road kill.',1
'plenty of republican voters here i see. would you all mind seceding? i think you would be a lot happier living in your own litttle world with really bad medical care, no gun control, no environmental regulation, terrible schools, and letting corporations running everything for you. they do care about you you know. their commercials say so....let us blue states live in our communistic socialistic pinko misery. you will be much better off. and we will even let claim to be number one in everything.   but please...just go. how about we give you texas, alabama, mississippi south carolina, kentucky, tennessee, georgia, florida, oklahoma wyoming, kansas and we will make do with everything else.   it will be our loss i\'m sure.',1
'sad, but it\'s a free country. and people are free to make an **** out of themselves.   this clown surely lived down to his name of being a clown.',1
'pos',1
'like i said above, it never happened. i think the pictures are of kristen doing her best to not sleep w/the older married director. she most likely is a victim of the perverted male syndrome in which nearly all men think they must hv sex 24/7, with all kinds of females, reguardless of age. i don\'t think it was for publicity, although the pictures look fake!',1
'recovery...? *what* recovery*...?',1
'only if they are  on tv, in movies and on the stage.  i\'ve been using dove for men for several years and it is very good on my face (combination dry and an oily forehead).',1
'oh my god.. becky... look at her butt!',1
'k',0
'then what in the hell are you babbling about, fool?  you make no sense.',1
'all of you spamming f_ucks need to drop dead!!!',1
'oh sure, because there\'s so many parking meters in l,a. that take nickels! moron.',1
'well i\'d have to say that if obomgo gets re-elected and works his "magic" we\'ll all ber lucky to have rats for meat. all i can say is the endangered animal list will get alot shorter. re-make america from the ground up is the newest socialist propaganda coming from clinton. what he is really saying is that inb another 4 years the democrats can have this country worse off than any third world country in the world. what he is really saying is that in 4 years the democrats will have the unioted states of socialist america well on it\'s way to communism. what he really means is that in 4 years there will be no more free elections and you can foprget about god in this country.',1
'still catching up to that percentage and won\'t make it until 58-59, but exactly right.  a.  i\'ve learned to live on less thereby enabling high contributions.  b.  i\'ll have the mortgage paid off in a couple of years and will put what i used to pay on princ + interest in a separate investment for another few years before i retire early - that will more than pay for health insurance.  c. since i\'ve already learned to live on less, i will be able to live at that level without skipping a beat.  d.  i also calculate without the benefit of ss - if it is there, bonus!',1
'be careful what you wish for! they going to means test you right out of your social security benefit if you let them.  the correct thing to do for social security is to eliminate the cap on social security taxes so that the rich are paying the same percentage of their total income towards social security that all the rest of us pay. of course their dollar amount will be higher, but not the ,percentage.  let\'s compare apples to apples!  there\'s also no evidence that those increased  taxes for the rich will reduce growth since that is really just more money they don\'t spend anyways. you can deal with those politicians in washington by reducing their pay and/or eliminating their pay raises until they straighten this mess out!',1
'fox has made it official, nicki minaj will join keith urban and mariah carey on the upcoming season of american idol. does this mean she won\'t be making any good music for quite awhile, or did her lackluster streak begin with "roman\'s revenge"?     also, lil\' wayne has taken a swing at frank ocean\'s sexuality. in a verse in future\'s remix of "turn out the lights," "tell her i is gay/  i ain\'t got no worries / no frank ocean / nah i\'m straight."     well, i guess these two are on my sh!t list for the foreseeable future.',1
'if you are not native american than you don\'t belong here anyway.',1
'pos',1
'the foreigners in south fl already thought of this, as wellas the cats.coming soon to a town near you.',1
'you\'ve got to stop believing everything you watch on tv.',1
'nice one georgia.',1
'music now days is not music! a bunch of yelling and screaming cuss words and other nasty crap!!',1
'this is full of misinformation.       the company match sounds like a no brainer, but if it will take more than 3 years to pay off debts that have an interest rate of 22%, you might be better off skipping the company match.  the match adds 50% to the gain of each contribution for the first year, but the 22% interest you would save on that amount every year will catch up in just a few years.  if it’s going to take some time to get out of debt do the math first (and get your debt refinanced at less that 22%).       there is no tax break when comparing tax-deferred investments to credit card or automotive debt.  there’s no tax on interest earned in a 401k and no tax deduction for interest paid on a credit card.  maybe, if your debts are almost paid off and you plan to max out your 401k and ira contributions for the foreseeable future, then you might consider investing ',1
'a crybaby as you put it is someone who expects the world to change to accomodate them. i have a whole liteny of changes that i\'d love to see made to make my family\'s life easier in regards to various allergies and conditions. however, the world is not here to bow to my situation, but rather it\'s my job to adjust to the world and teach my children to do the same.',1
'so i guess you lucked out and didnt go to jail this time!',1
'first of all "thumbs", i\'m brazilian....second you do not represent all white people...my husband is austrian and you two are polar opposites.  you\'re not insulting me by saying that i\'m black....i don\'t have problems with black people....evidently you do....and yes....my husband and i will be voting for obama....deal with it!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'worse, we\'ve eaten rat feces and didn\'t know it.',1
'i will show him respect for the office when he shows respect for the office which he has not done and continues to show no respect for it. i don\'t care what color he is he has no respect for the people of the united states so why should we respect him?',1
'my apartment complex charges 10% extra per person in a 1 bedroom apartment.  so if you are single you pay for example $1000.  if you are married or living with a significant other you pay $1100.  so you definitely save a lot if you are married or living with a bf/gf.',1
'i have never watched the show, but i can\'t even get online without having the whole family crammed down my throat in multiple headlines every day.  i honestly don\'t know what their claim to fame is, but it can\'t be worth the attention that they draw from the masses.',1
'because the animal they make it from is almost extinct.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'without knowing more detail, i can\'t really say. what i can say is if other hikers were out during the eight days missy was out there, alone with no food or shelter other than what she could scrounge up, then weather was not the issue in ortolani leaving the dog. i\'m glad the the people who found missy fought for her and want her, and will get to keep her. too many people will abandon an animal because they become an inconvenience.',1
'michael, that\'s a dead link for me.  kael\'s review of shoah was typical of her seriousness and courage, in my book.  i thought shoah was terrific, and i sat in a bad stack-chair for both nights of six-plus hours of it.  nonetheless.  can one have an aesthetic response for f-\'s sake?  it should be noted that she was crazy for marcel ophul\'s the triumph and the pity, which was in that humanist tradition she so valued.  so lanzmann didn\'t stack up.',1
'not if there are kids at the school that are deathly allergic to peanuts.',1
'it\'s all about choices and consequences.  i hope he had an a$$ ripping good time in a ugandan jail though!',1
'my boyfriend and i can not get enough of this show!  we even got my parents hooked on it.  we can\'t wait for the upcoming season!!',1
'funny',1
'google "carty finkbeiner" and ask yourself how voters could have elected him 3 times as mayor.  unfortunately, romney certainly does have a chance to win.',1
'dude, aren\'t yu supposed to wait till he posts?  how do you cyber-stalk if you are there first?',0
'i like debbies comment.  i might add that i no longer have financial issues, stress, etc since becoming single.  i also have paid college expenses for  2 kids and now my youngest daughter is living with me and hopes to be entering nursing school.. i now have money in my pocket and got rid of my biggest expense!   never again and i told the kids....stay away from 5 things in life...........cops,  ​  doctors, lawyers, the irs  and marriage.',1
'agreed. im not saying the guy isnt getting ripped off, im just sayin that there is no evidence in that video that proves his case. the people posting are just doing what msn wants. honestly the resonsibillity should be on msn as the \'news source\' to verify the validity of the news before presenting it. it is irresponsible to present this in such a slanted way:     " even though the tape clearly shows the supposed offender had five minutes left on the meter"     no. it shows he had 5 minutes on the meter. it doesn\'t show he had 5 minutes left when the recording started, or when the ticket-writing began.',1
'just give all students free lunch and control what is served to avoid this problem. if administrators can make this kind of rule they can find a way to pay for the free lunches for all without using tax money.',1
'what happened to respect for the office of the president of the united states???   would this have been said about laura bush?',1
'disagreeing doesn\'t change reality.',1
'now smart,let`s not get carried away',1
'the truth be told he seen  2 slugs making out and thought it was rush and grey ghost000 and wanted to rain on his little party',1
'you see...thats why you have a closing. so you can ask questions and read the terms of your mortgage before you sign. @ least read the closing numbers! unless of course you are an acorn or other assorted loser with a pulse. then the whole roose is to squat in a home you know you could not afford! more cake for everyone!',1
'yall are some dirty white people.  and for the guy who said monkey,  go back to the mountains your pale face ancestors came from.',1
'first of all \'coltsfan\' if you want to respond to my post, please hit the respond button, there is no need to bore everyone with a public argument. closer to the point, every example of what you said could have happened is nothing but speculation. i am commenting on nothing but was shown on the tape. those are the only facts of the article. watch the recording. watch it twice. no matter what happens, the is no way to prove what happened before the camera turned on. i simply stated it was possible that he fed the meter and then started recording. your personal stories about cops, or \'common experience\',, while fascinating (lol)  bring nothing to the conversation except to bolster opinion. i am less interested in your opinion than i am on the facts of what we can and can\'t see.',1
'i bought my first house at 17. i looked at the mortgage book and realized that i would be paying lots of interest for thirty years. i took every penny i was able to scrounge up and paid off that debt as soon as i could. now forty years later i have paid off approximately twenty houses and have eight left. i never paid one cent interest on credit card debts. i still work on my rentals but am ready to sell most everything. i really hate the people responsible for wiping out a good chunk of my real estate value. i also do not appreciate the devaluation of my hard earned dollars. the only thing i would change is that i would have taken on much more debt for investments and built me a contracting crew instead of doing most of the work myself. i also would have liked to have enjoyed life more and been less concerned about money. we all die regardless of debt or assets. i am so glad i have no debt. maybe i will buy me a new vehicle now along with taking a permanent vacation. i might also buy my first cell phone.   oh yea, the article was crap. pay high interest debt first. put money up to the matching limit in 401 k\'s. try to earn that mythical 7%.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'your wasting your breath, christianity is dying and has been for a long time in the u.s. and europe. church attendence is at an all time low. i don\'t believe in god or anything else for that matter, but my parents still do and i suppose that\'s why i complain about atheists. christianity is dying, but islam is growing expedentially everyday around the world and in the u.s. and will someday be dominant a force in both our culture and politics. i only hope i\'m not around when that happens!',0
'you must be butt ugly.',1
'rt, you ain\'t right,   you aren\'t wrong, but you definitly ain\'t right.  lol',1
'at some point some kid is going to slap that kid you\'re talking about in the face with a peanut butter sandwich',1
'considering that he abandoned the dog and then wanted the fame and possible fortune of the story he deserves a swift kick in the azz also.',1
'i don\'t really care who raises a child, as long as they are good parents, but why slam the guy for giving his opinion? that\'s not ok...if you don\'t want to hear his opinion, don\'t interview him, duh.',0
'okay, that just looks absulutely disgusting!',1
'i\'m getting pretty fed up with these people who are "allergic" to every damned thing!  one person is "allergic" to this...another to that.....are we supposed to stop eating because you can\'t teach your kids to wash their hands?  to eat the stuff they\'re supposed to?    are you  gonna buy the stuff that your kids can tolerate for each and every other kid?  no?  then shut up!',1
'why buy from apple when they outsource jobs to china and still pay 15% in tax\'s they steal from all of us. american\'s gotta wake up to this jobs are out sourced and jobs or lost from cheap crap being imported , other counties don\'t give us tax breaks why should we bless them . put america back to work,',1
'i want to send this a guy a "thank you" card.   oh better yet - have jimmy fallon do a "thank you"!!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'how can you call that damage?  she should have known better the moment she married him.  paparazzi came along with marrying into that family.',1
'not with a hamburger pattie, gotta be hot sausage, bacon, or ham. i\'d have to get a side of hash browns and a large chocolate milk too.',1
'don`t underestimate this garbage,she had made sure to do well for herself she`s actually worth over $21.000.000.00 while crusading in the name of the lower class',1
'this guy who just wrote should not use the term bastard.   that is  very politcally incorrect and should not use this term.  i am very offended by this and the rodeo clown.   sir  did you know the president really did not know his father. ?????!!!    hmmm?   if you worked for the president,   you probably would be reprimanded or suspended for using such an offensive term for anyone calling them a  bastard.   shame on you.!!!!',1
'if ryan drssses like an american (whats that anyway?) pants and a shirt and shoes? tarpaper must wear a robe or mumu. the taliban are not members idiot,they are tribesman. your attempt to paint ryan as anything other than a patriot failed. does ryan repress(roe v wade is still law) women? no. does ryan follow sharia law? no. don`t be a hater tarpaper just because you`re poor and illeterate.',1
'the laundry called, they couldn\'t get the stench out of your white robe and hood.',1
'yeah, this\'ll last...at least until after the movie is in the cheap theaters!',1
'sure f.p.a.r, he also likes movies about naked gladiators',1
'like the pres or not, there is no excuse for this. and how about that secret service? who let this guy wonder around back stage?',1
'really cheapest car to own is new. yeah right. try a vintage car. lower tags, lower insurance, lower upfront cost, lower cost to repair, maybe only a higher fuel cost. depends on the car.     a new cars yearly tags can be about $200. the monthly payment ouch, full coverage insurance ouch, nah i\'ll stick to buying the only american way left used. from another american or at a auction.',1
'and you freak out over something a clown said?? you are more offensive to the whole country then this 1 clown was to a few .your hatred of anyone different then you shows.you need to see somenone and get help.',1
'i say, amen to that!!  these people are ruining our hotel chains...!!!',1
'wtf are you dating a girl wrestler in the first place dude? jeeeeeeez, no brains!!!!!',1
'i agree with you.  it\'s the same principle with rich dad/ poor dad and anthony robbins.  live frugally to a point, save you money and re-invest to create additional money.  that\'s the difference between the struggling middle class and the wealthy.',1
'your not white you only say and think you are.',1
'i am very happy.  i don\'t think it was a big deal anyway.  the press made a big deal out of nothing.  kris and rob please watch your backs.',1
'i guess i\'ll have to watch them again, because i thought "sunshine" and "monsters" just sucked. i\'ll have to agree re "minority" tho i hate tom cruise. i loved "war", also, except that tom thing, and that entirely inexplicable plot change spielberg did; the martians buried their war machines here before civilization, and rode the lightening down to the cockpit. pause, then a loud huh????????   so the martians were here, while man was still living in the bushes. why didn\'t they just stay, instead of somehow manage to bury tripods under what turned out to be every major city on the planet? not one of which was ever found while digging sewers or subways, or showed up on a ground-radar. they would have carried the contagion back to mars, probably wiping out everybody (end of movie), or been immune to it like us (end of plot). bonk on head, mr spielberg. i\'ve got more willing suspension than most but come on!',1
'why haven\'t you been able to find a date in 15 years, if you don\'t mind me asking.....',1
'i\'d much rather spend my money on a peanut butter & anchovy sandwich. mmmmm',1
'much props and love to you taylor,bet your cojones never gonna need prosthetics',1
'there are plent of red state rodeos that would have him.',1
'that is pretty funny.',1
'you gotta be sh!ttn me trump!! you can\'t guarantee anything. the best part of you ran down your mamas a$$ and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress.....i think you been cheated. you sound like our president....',1
'the president of the united states of america, period! yours and mine. everybody talking about  how bad this nation is, making bad comments. yes, it\'s racist and you who agree with it, or defend it, you are racist too. it\'s not where it we want it to be, but it\'s not where it use to be. we might as well admit, helping one another is the strength of what this nation was founded on. get a real life, jesus might help!, many won\'t even allow him to be good enough>',1
'i would vote for romney just to spite her. she is so dumb, for real!',1
'a$$',1
'how did she put herself in this position?? she was on a private  620 acre estate on a private balcony. the pictures were taken with a long range camera lens, a total invasion of her privacy.    ghost hunting mom - would you feel differently if she had been in her home and the pictures were taken through her bedroom window? this is no different. private mean private. just because she is royalty doesn\' t mean she forfeits her right not to have her ta tas splashed across some tabloid.    what if you were on your balcony sunbathing topless and your neighbor took pictures and posted them on the internet. wouldn\'t you feel violated? you have every right to sunbath in the privacy of your balcony without some pervert getting  his jollies.tabloids do this sort of thing because people buy their smut. i hope no magazine in the  us decides to publis',1
'again,  pay attention coltsfan67.  he is not a cop!!!!!!!!!!      and not being a cop yourself you don;t know what you are talking about!',1
'oh h$ll yes! i am so sick of waiting for a cashier, or even using the self checkouts. every third item has something wrong with it and requires a checker to come over.    i would totally use this app!!',1
'the guy could\'ve dropped a coin in as the guy was writing the ticket. all the facts aren\'t in. that said, the parking ticket thing is just a bogus revenue generating scam, anyway.  i have far too many stories of power-tripping meter hags writing bogus tickets to list here. they know that it\'s too much of a hassle and expense to fight the tickets, so they don\'t really give a crap. phukk faces.',1
'it never happened! kristen never had sex w/rupert!    just like judge judy says if it does not make sense its not the truth!   kristen makes sure these last 3+yrs that no pics no pda no nothing \'shown\' with her & rob...then she all of a sudden she\'s okay with cheating/w/a married man/in public/wearing rob\'s clothes??? no way, none of it ever happened! & i am so happy they are still in love w/each other! snuggles!',1
'no. it\'s strictly entertainment. they spend so much time talking now, they hardly ever have time for any wrestling matches. i stopped watching years ago. it used to be kind of funny, especially when shawn michaels and triple h teamed up against mcmahon.',1
'people who don\'t like cats were probably mice in a previous life!',1
'i like my vegetarian diets but i have to tell you that grass cutters are rodents that inhabit grasslands in the tropics and feed on grass and root tubers like cassava, yams. given the choice, they will mow down your sugar cane fields with their huge, razor sharp incisors. they do not get near sewers.the difference between grass cutters and beavers is the flippers on beavers\' tails other than that, the external morphologies are similar some people even refer to them as beavers. they cut trees to build skeletons for their nest and pad them up with grass leaves during reproductive season but their nest are built on land rather than under waters but they swim as well. when i was a carnivore, i may have eaten some.',1
'i remember reading the paper about mt. st. helens erupting. that happened 10 days before i graduated from high school. i live in central texas, and we get some wicked summer storms every now and again.',1
'obama\'s lost texas and oklahoma as well....',1
'can\'t wait for this to come back. i\'m been having zombie apocalypse dreams every night! good times!',1
'i don\'t  he is just like the rest of them let\'s kris tell him what to do.',1
'yes, exactly the same way that all christians believe the same thing, yes?  all christians believe that the earth was created six thousand years ago, all christians believe that the sacrament is the literal body and blood of christ, all christians believe that an angel named mormon came to earth 150 years ago with a final book of the bible... right?  all christians believe in the same thing and are a taught the same thing?',1
'christianity is definitely dead in europe, but here? where do you see that? there are 532 members of congress - name one who has publicly admitted to atheism. name one governor who is openly atheistic. even intelligent people who do not believe in fairy tales have to pretend they do or they could never get elected to anything. i don\'t think much of b.o., but he occasionally has a flash of insight - when he observed that the worse things get in this country, the more people will cling to guns and religion, he hit the nail on the head. furthermore, the two go hand-in-hand. more religion makes people stupider, which makes thing worse, which leads to more religion, etc., etc., etc.',0
'p.s. i do hope they convict him, not because of his gayness, but because of his gayness he thought he was above the law, like the gays are here...',1
'ah, yes, the holidays approach!  "over the river and through the brook to gram\'s for mcribs we go,   the horse says no way, that thing\'s been fed hay, it could even be my bro, ho!',1
'bucket list # 10',1
'http://www.news-medi  ​ cal.net/news/2005/04  ​ /26/9530.aspx    your comment was "stupid white people".typically white people score around 100 asians 106, blacks (60-80...sub african)     even thought i was commenting on your original comment that was not about "americans" i will still debunk you as well there.    white americans...100 no college 110 college, blacks 84-85.   ',1
'behind every good man is a good woman.  god bless you both.',1
'in spite of all the math - the by yourself factor is still the major reason for not being  single.  sure it is hard to find a great person - there are legal precautions people  can take - things can become a mess - two minds, two hearts, two huggs etc.  are to me still better than an empty house and bed.  not to mention the spirit  of the moment - if you have the ability to enjoy life then why not spend that  enjoyment with someone else.  also, consider two whole families to share time  with and holidays.  can\'t convince me that single and alone is the way to go.',1
'explain where obama has banned free speech.  i bet you can\'t even name one, just give one legit example.  absolutely stupid, you believe everything fox news feeds you.  a lemming like that is ripe for brainwashing.',1
'no they should be put into the oscars',1
'c\'mon! lets get on with the third season already! after carl got dale killed i am rooting for the walkers to find little carl all alone this season and i am rooting for daryl dixon to whoop his one handed bros a$$! love the walking dead!!',1
'keep showing how stupid left wing dingbat you are!  shouldn\'t you be protesting or on psmnbc?',1
'both....put a dollar on debt & a dollar in investment.       when you pay off revolving debt....put 2 dollars in investment.',1
'this guy reminded me of the guy that was on hannity a while ago. a real dufus.',1
'wow, i have to say this article was spot on for me. i fit right in to their statistics; single female, 28. have lived alone for 6 years. currently engaged to a 33yo man who makes less than i do. i have to agree that the cost of living is a lot, and i have found that you cannot live comfortably as a single on 1 income. that is why i have 2 jobs which enables me to save and pay some into retirement.',1
'she made it to the top by starting on the (her) bottom',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'god\'s way of saying america if you re-elected  the devil the world is coming to an end!   okay left wing liberals go ahead with your crazy rants!',1
'eeeewwwwww....sounds  ​  gross...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'idiot poster !! really ? is this the best you can do ?',1
'gee, it\'s the iphone (and other apple products) that are making my retired life a lot more comfortable. i don\'t buy the products, i bought the company that makes them and did that almost 14 years ago when a share of apple was going for less than $10/share. today it closed at just short of $700/share. i can live with that, as well as the $10.60/year dividend.',1
'sweet story.  the most loyal thing i have heard of a dog doing was in the movie hachi: a dog\'s story.         i totally would get a dog if i had the space and time to care for one.',1
'i think suing for the amount she is asking for is just out of greed. both of the cashiers should not have torn up the money whether is was fake or not. i used to work at a walmart and we were not supposed to tear up the money (fake or not). walmart workers are not stupid, like those individuals have said before. they are just like everyone else that needs a job.',1
'i want to see something like this live!',1
'i\'d eat it and probably order another....just sayin...',1
'my \'attaboy\' is already in the mail.  he will recognize it when it gets there.',1
'the dollar tree is great for cleaning supplys, partys supplys, and holiday decorations!',1
'amen',1
'i admire police officers more than most professions. the only problem that i have ever  had was out of state on a speeding ticket. i am not sure if he was looking for someone that  would not travel 1200 miles to challenge it or if his radar was faulty.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'biden all the way and we third generation democrats are going to celebrate big time as we did in \'96 when clinton and gore beat dole and kemp..love it!  .',1
'im allergic to milk always have been there is still milk at school though huhhhh',1
'id pay 50$ not to have to see her',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'are they adults or children?',1
'when cecil goes to jail he\'ll have plenty of time to practice his art...........f\' ing idiot.',1
'downtown meters can run as high as $6/hour.  a dime gets you 6 mins.',0
'gurgle, gurgle, gurgle, gurgle, gurgle, gurgle yum yummy ummm.',1
'she should not have disrobed out of doors.  she knows the paparazzi are watching.  if they trespassed to get the pictures, they should be prosecuted for that.  but if they were standing on public property, or had the permission of the property owner to be there when they took the pictures, then no problem.  kate shouldn\'t assume that just because she can\'t be seen from public property, she can\'t be photographed.  a neighbor might give permission for the paparazzi to be there.',1
'so, why is she asking for $74,900?  just give her back her $200.  talk about greed.',1
'pos',1
'dicazi--the likelihood that you will have a "life-threatening reaction" to *someone else\'s* peanut butter sandwich rapidly approaches zero.     there is no case of any child having a "life-threatening reaction" to another child eating a sandwich.  the story that the one girl died from kissing her boyfriend after eating a peanut butter cracker is patently false--she died of an asthmatic reaction to smoking marijuana. it is likely that she and her boyfriend lied about the cracker--resulting in an inaccurate treatment protocol--and that is why she died. you cannot die from a food allergy without ingesting the food yourself.     some people are deathly allergic to wheat products (more than are deathly allergic to tree nuts and legumes), but we st',1
'so i guess, according to you, all those brave men who fought and died for our freedom in the revolutionary war were a bunch of pansies since they all had long hair, as was the fashion back then. that includes of course george washington, the father of our country. here’s an idea; next time you have a thought, just let it go.',1
'he\'s even too lazy to be out protesting!',1
'ouch...lol.i dont know if i love pigs, but i do bang your mom pretty regularly (oink) . first of all he wasn\'t a cop, maybe the fact that his \'badge\' was a piece of paper on a laniard should have tipped you off. second of all, i don\'t judge peoples guilt or innocence based on their job, just on the facts. see, you are all for infringing on rights. just not people who look or believe what you believe. youre no different than the corrupt cops you claim to be against...a hypocrite says what?',1
'i\'m surprised some obama hater hasn\'t mooned the president considering the contempt and hatred of the president  expressed by right wing kooks and even some moderate grand obstructionist partiers who are haunted by a democratic victory.  obama/',1
'then you\'d have no problem with bringing back the fairness doctrine, right?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'what\'s her fist up for? is that suppose to be black power?',1
'armageddon is coming,.  but it\'s not here yet.',1
'k',0
'who cares about mrs. osama obama. a picture of her isn\'t worth 50 dollars.',1
'i\'ve read your posts. clearly you have life experiences i don\'t have and visa versa. in many countries they don\'t enjoy the freedoms we are fortunate to have over here,(i am thinking of uganda, india or china specifically). i personally thank the men and women in uniform for those freedoms. judging from your post on this thread, you don\'t. why is that?    like i already stated, i am not trying to pick a fight or troll. i am just trying to understand why you obviously loath police and military.   maybe i am an idiot for asking.',1
'love this show!!!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'yes december.  i mean if every doomsday prophecy had ocme to pastg we be dead a htousand times over.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'your name says it all',1
'hey...you don\'t seem to understand that just paying the ticket is a better option than all the stupid and possibly criminal stuff you do to get out of paying it.',1
'first of all i dont need suez canel, the red sea and mediterranean sea .i have a mini van with the feed unit from italy gwbu saves me 35% on gas millage ,im retired and live in pa.',1
'you don\'t get the emails telling christians to boycott home depot and jcpenney because ethose companies\' position on gay marriage offends some christians\' beliefs?  how about the ones protesting the offense to their beliefs that evolution is taught to their children in public school?  how about the ones protesting the offense to their beliefs when walmart greets with a hearty happy holidays rather than merry christmas?    is that what you mean by these people need to get over people offending their beliefs?',1
'it gives me heartburn just looking at it but the \'donut burger\' is nothing new. luther vandross ate that sandwich for years before he died and it\'s called \'the luther burger\'.',1
'deeonlee 1...hush you illiterate system abusing sad excuse of existence..your mother and mystery father weep daily at the fact there wasnt a coat hangar around in time.. ..',1
'spell his name correctly.     r-o-m-n-e-y.     you see it often enough in the media, you doofus!',1
'y\'all racists can hate if you want to, but this white country boy would love to see michelle naked, with a jar of honey in one hand and a bottle of cold duck in the other.',1
'amen to that! love to put up my feet on the recliner. have one cat that lays across my legs and the other curls up on my chest. you can just feel the stress of the day melt away...',1
'it wouldn\'t work, somebody would sue because the school didn\'t choose the right water company.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no i have a hard enough to keep my diabetes under control as it is',1
'that kind of talk won`t sit right with justin bieber',1
'i don\'t care if it has brake fluid in it, bring on the awesome mcrib',1
'what a f@n dumb  sh*t you are',1
'pos',1
'and if i had any say in it,i wouldnt be single     but in 39 years i havent found a woman who is willing to marry me...i havent even been able to find a date in 15 years     it irks me the way people consider being single to be a choice...its a horrible,awful,lonel  ​ y way to live....the only bright spot is that im a single father with full custody,so i at least know someone in this world cares about me...',1
'agree',1
'whats up vet? how was you week-end?',1
'love knows no bounds. i am so sorry this happened to you. but you and danielle are troopers and i wish you all the best life has to offer.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'freedom of speech...........oh wait obama\'s trying to get rid of that.',1
'you must be obama ow wait he wants us all to fail.',1
'now you have 4. you must be a real loser.',1
'also the whole "salem witch thing" has already been done before - ever hear of "the covenant"?',1
'not bad for a stalker',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'do you hear that trolls!!!!!  creston is looking for new clowns......there are plenty here to choose from.',1
'\'talk radio\'.  is that your own slang for rap?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'..........being single "with" a dependent is a lonely, hard life to live..........',1
'he should crap on you  but you would just get off on that',1
'then keep your damned kids at home!  i\'m allergic to do-gooder!  disappear!',1
'you changed it because i called you on it!!!! your mind appears weak and frail',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i think someone, somewhere is going to meet their demise in a high speed car crash through a tunnel in europe at the hands of mi6 very soon.  the queen is a \'take no sh*t\' kind of lass when the family name is on the line.',1
'don, good point!.......you would have thought the clown would have figured that out by now! silly clown!!!!',0
'i\'m not saying save every bug you see because obviously that would be impossible, but if it is an endangered species, a rare one at that, i would definitely grow a heart for a spider.',1
'it is impossible for me to care less about it.',1
'he stil has to prove that he didn\'t put more money in it after the cop started to write the ticket.   the video would have to show that he had money left not when the he started filming but before the cop showed up, i hope he gets slammed on falsifing evidence.',1
'nice try with the spin, you know damn well that\'s not what the clown meant.',1
'i don\'t know of any meters in la that go in five minute increments which was what was on the meter screen when the ticket was bening written. pretty fair to say the guy didn\'t drop a coin in.',1
'freakin funny',1
'you mad bro?      lol',1
'made in china.',0
'"compared with married folks, singles spend more on food, housing, taxes and health insurance. they also make 25 percent less than their married co-workers, when health care and retirement plans are taken into consideration."       wow, is this bit of deductive reasoning off.    most singles prefer to eat out than cook, so naturally their food costs are higher, but they could choose to cook most of their meals.   retirement planning shouldn\'t even be considered.  every working person pays the same amount into ssi as a percentage of income, so that\'s a wash.  you can\'t calculate potential benefits into costs -- as they seem to imply in the article.  other retirement planning (401k) is strictly a personal choice, and most singles are young and don\'t think they need to worry about that "right now".  wrong -- start putting the max in that you can afford now, the earlier the better.  but ',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'love this show',1
'we joke about  everything else.......remember,  ​  it\'s just a joke. back in the 70"s and since we used to have celebrity roast which included black people and everyone had a laugh. it\'s a joke!! why do we have to treat african americans with kid gloves. are we ever going to get beyond this? no, he shouldn\'t be fired. if i can\'t deal with a joke then i don\'t stand a chance in  this world. i think it\'s funny. oh by the way i\'m black can\'t wait to tell it to my multi-racial friends.',1
'r. kelly should piss on you',1
'my wife\'s prius is immensely practical.  it has tons of room, and is very quiet.  yeah, it is slow off the line (probably unavoidable given its intent) and wallows in turns (very avoidable, what\'s up with that toyota?).    my personal car is an s2000, which is just about the anti-prius, i guess.    the geeky engineer in me wants to extract the most possible mpg out of the prius and the most possible performance from the  s2000.',1
'yes, he should be charged and convicted of animal cruelty.  i can\'t imagine how that poor dog suffered, or what the dog was thinking as her master abandoned her, to me, leaving an injured animal unable to protect itself against nature and other animals is severe animal cruelty.  he should never be able to own another animal, and, never, ever get missy back, and he "deserves" to have his legs broke and thrown out into  the wilderness for 8 days with no water or food or any type of protection.',1
'a$$',1
'it\'s hypocritical to ask for tax returns from one candidate and not college transcripts from the other.',1
'a$$',1
'that\'s satan coming to say, "see you december." o.o',1
'funny thing miss liberty, last week a good friend and co-worker of mine and i were in a restaurant and the waitress wasn\'t very pleasant, to say the least. my friend is latino, not that it matters to me, and he immediately assumed that she acting insulting to him because she was white and he\'s latino. i asked him why he considered her actions to be racist since she dissed us both equally, and he didn\'t have an answer. some folks are just naturally grumpy, and can be insulting, i guess.   i think the word racist, when used haphazardly and unfairly, is every bit as offensive as the actual act of racism no matter who delivers it i think more people should consder the facts before they apply the term. i have better things to do in this life than look for the intent behind insults.',1
'that is called sharia law.  i\'ll bet you subscribe to honor killings as well if they don\'t do what you say?',1
'i sometimes wish i could get as comfey as my kitties look! love my furry babies!',1
'why are you so partial to gun dogs?',1
'that`s what they`re telling the whole world',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i would eat anything if i were hungry enough and so would everyone else.     i just hope we get obama out of office so it doesn\'t come to that.      we could be eating dog like he did when he we to visit his relatives in africa.  i think they said it was called an obama burger.',1
'big difference between me and mitt robme. i earned my money, i did not inherit it, rob other people, con people, or used other devious means to make my money to invest with. not saying every 1% does that but enough do that. just like not every poor person is lazy.',1
'pos',1
'i think it was good to fire the clown because his thoughts and actions were obviously against those of his employers. some people dont un derstand how it\'s viewed as racist probably because they have never been discriminated against. had the magazine in question been other than national geographic this whole conversation wouldnt be happening. black people arent being over sensative there just responding to how they have been treated over the years. point being it was a tasteless joke that cost the clown his job hahaha next time he might want to tell a different line of joke',1
'your fiesta was assembled in mexico what did you expect?         you should have been patriotic and bought a sonic its assembled in lake orion  michigan has more standard features, more airbags, more horsepower, more torque and best of all.......       it gets better gas mileage.',1
'i only read the first line!',0
'a$$ hole',1
'a$$',1
'looking forward to the 92-now poll for tomorrow. a little anxious to see who gets the #1 album, and honestly i don\'t see a clear winner. i see maybe endtroducing at #2, and kala at #3...maybe late registration is tops.',1
'i\'m in the same boat pot, their ship is sinking fast and they can not see it.  only an ignorant fool would declare good riddance to a fellow party member.',1
'absolutely! i can\'t believe there isn\'t a memorial for those people. there should be.',1
'lol!',1
'bad dog',1
'he does have one in his book bag, my wife has one in her bag, we keep them in the cars and yes, we also gave the school one pen.  the pen is good until it\'s used.  if it gets used i provide another.  my kid has been taught and is very responsible.  even when going to cold stone he tells the people working there that he has a nut allergy and being that they are a business they know how to address this issue.  it\'s a far more common issue than you think and in my experience people in the real world have absolutely no problem accomodating...seems  ​  that just here on message boards people become more narrow minded...not sure why that is.',1
'we have a place in yakima wa called sloppy slaw that has had that since they opened last spring. it consists of all of this between 2 krispy kreme donuts.',1
'probably.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'would not surprise me if the were all in on it !!!!',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it needs cheese',1
'well it\'s more of another excuse to protest things like us support for their brutal dictatorships as well as multiple instances of actually destroying democracy there both covertly and overtly if it served us interests.  in that context it\'s a bit more understandable but it\'s still misplaced i think.',1
'..... if your really a smart single person with no dependents.........y  ​ ou can live a lifestyle that only people with dependents dream about.',1
'not in a box and not with a fox.  blech.',1
'it\'s not saying anything to say the republicans have a bidden too.',1
'sounds like british sas needs to go kick somebody\'s a s s',1
'how embarrassing! i would have been mortified.',1
'i have high speed internet, so no need for cable... or even a television.',1
'wow, interesting article but i enjoy being single and i\'m single by choice. one thing i do not like is paying higher taxes because i\'m single with no kids. not fair. other than that, i am one who has contributed to my retirement since i started working so im not worried. i enjoy not having kids but if i meet the right one im not against being with him.       fyi, suze orman mentioned something on one of her shows about people that are single and life insurance. she said that unless you want to be generous to someone, there\'s no reason for a single person with no kids to spend money on a life insurance policy. just have your burial policy in place to cover your burial expenses. this made me say, hmmm. lol.',1
'really?! 74k in damages? there was no damage done. get some darn tape and fix that mess. people sue over the dumbest things',1
'arod you are a stupid mother phcker, just what obama wants.  the economy took a hit not because the us took action at the request of the un due to hussein\'s deliberate defiance to the un resolution 1441, not once but 14 times as told by gen. colin powell to abc news.  and iraq constantly refused to obey the no-fly zones imposed by the un. after killing millions of his own citizen with chemical and biological weapons.       the economic hit came from an economic slow down after 911.  the slow down could not support the outta balance home pricing to to shady accounting practices entered into under clinton and when bush attempted to stop the improper accounting practices early in \'01, the heads of the house banking committee (barney frank) and the senate finance committee (chris dodd) who mandated that 20% of all loans had to be bad loans, i mean \'sub-prime\'!   this was mandated by the federal government.  put the blame where it belongs.  this caused the crash.',1
'maybe because in all reality it is none of our business!!! obama\'s **** lives off our taxes, betcha mitt will not accept a check or will donate to a charity, he is and will always be a class act.',1
'i don\'t like either one of them....however, i do side with lindsey on this one.  she has spent several days in jail where amanda continues to break the law and nothing happens to her.  i don\'t understand why.  they\'re both equally untalented and unhinged.',1
'you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford  you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford     you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford     you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford     you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford     you shouldn\'t have bought more than you could afford',1
'what do you know, another press leak.',1
'i give them a d minus for originality on the suit.  it really does look a lot like the latest bat-suit.',1
'the little guy who "nodded" off! kittens are so silly! :)',1
'what page should we turn to??  the one with african witch doctors??      romnee is scum for even suggesting obama was not born here.  mccain had class at least.    this is really instructive of the old saying that money cannot buy class.',1
'fortunes not included thats how......',1
'isnt it great, darwinism at its finest.',1
'jarc.  just another racist clown.    national geographic??  what an insult.      wtf??? turn to the tribal witchdoctor page???',1
'the mcrib sandwich is pork $hit between two pieces of bread.',0
'cops are scum, plain and simple',1
'i don\'t care what your house payment is and how much you live within your means. when you lose your job, and unexpected health problems arise at the same time it is pretty much a downward spiral from there. if you are one of the fortunate ones who were able to keep their home after losing all your income, i applaud you, if not i empathize with you.  i live in an are where roughly every other house has been foreclosed upon. the house that originally sold for 160 thousand are now selling for 50,000.  since this is the case why couldn\'t/didn\'t the banks just sell these houses back to the original homeowner modifying the mortgage to the new lower price. now the houses set empty and ugly because noone is taking care of them. i am college educated but feel very stupid because i just don\'t understand the banking/real estate mentality. what i do see on tv is every other commercial is giving \'atta boys\' to the banks and real estate companies, indicating to me that whatever they did in the beginning of this mess was very very wrong',1
'a$$',1
'there was also once a concept for free breakfast for hungry kids.  free glasses of water long before bottled came into view  a salad used to be served prior to the entree atfancy restaurants, now it is an addition menu item.     i\'m sure i will think of more!',1
'a$$',1
'knova   i think you missed the point. unless you buy, store and secure that gold all by yourself, so that you have it physically on hand when the economy collapses, then you will have neither paper nor gold after said collapse.  the vast mojority of poeople who invest in gold only get a piece of paper saying that they have done so; they don\'t get the gold itself.        so....usuing your example.....at least with paper currency you\'ll have something to wipe your **** with.  invest in gold and you may very well end up with nothing.',1
'the principle of freedom of speech certainly applies here. mike chose to be racially offensive with his comments and disrespect the first lady. in amerikkka there are tens of thousands of mikes who are full of racial hatred. offensive speech? yes, with out question. but i respect his right to speak or share his true feelings. no crime here just a pathetic fringe psychopath. racism is woven into the fabric of this nation. that\'s why it\'s called amerikkka. two nations, one white, and one black.',1
'if her name is "sunny," i\'d surely hate dating a gal named "cloudy."',1
'what a generation of puss*ies these kids are doomed to be...poor kids, their parents are ruining them',1
'the premise of this article is that one would prefer a big-budget, 2-hour movie over a weekly tv show. this is ridiculous!  i, for one, would much rather see a season-long (let alone multiple seasons) story vs. a 2-hour synopsis of the same story (provided it\'s a good story).  if hollywood really wants to cash in on the movie experience, then perhaps they should take a second look at what chris carter and the x-files franchise did back in the 90s with the season 5 / season 6 arching movie "x-files: fight the future". brilliant!',1
'can\'y imagine why you would give a thumbs down! it is fact, and every animal or human behavior specialist would agree.',1
'no, unless you are an entertainer of some sort. real men don\'t wear makeup, unless it is robert smith of the cure.',1
'probably !0 years ago, but not anymore!!',1
'there should be a ban on stupid.........',1
'i\'m with you on that one!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'um this is my cousin y\'all are talking bout it\'s just fake so if u wanna talk trash about sweet little destiney go tell it to the judge go**** apart of acting you don\'t think sandy off of greece was faking well she was somget over it',1
'well thanks bigjulie. i\'d much rather be considered almost anything, even a clownist, (whatever that is), than be considered a racist. i think maybe you\'ve got a little clownist ( whatever that is), in you. what d\'ya think ?',1
'that\'s just terrible. really cute, but terrible.',1
'let them write all the ticket they want from out of state.rip up the ticket cause they can never do anything to you but put it through a collection agency.and if you have good credit,its not going to effect your score.i like to call up the town were i got the ticket and tell them they aint getting crap,and that i left the ticket at the spot were i got it,in pieces.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i\'d dunk the whole thing in egg wash and make it a french toast donut burger',1
'a$$',1
'the cute factor on this one is off the charts!',1
'no herekitti, the linage of the jackass is democrats.',1
'sarah is a clown!  than makes any jokes about her ok!!',1
'i agree. i was a dog person for decades, but i just recently got 2 cats that are awesome.  i\'ve always had cats- but none of them did much for me until these two.',1
'a sport ????.....what a joke these over paid hyped up idiotic jerks should\'nt even get the air time they get already.. it is warping the minds of the younger generations that are permitted to watch such stupididty and whats worse is the **** fathers that sit down with their kids and convince them that it is real... just recently i watched a video where a couple of kids were acting like these retards and when one kid jumped from a roof onto his buddy laying on a folding table both boys ended up in a hospital with broken limbs...i dont see real sports participants i.e. football...baseball.  ​ ..basketball...etc..  ​ .etc...etc...jumping  ​  off of buildings and landing on friends or doing dumb crap like that... so to call it a sport would be just as retarded as the idiots that participate in the bad acting over-hyped thing that it is',1
'after which, the magic fairies flow forth to phiffle and froth, eh eagle?',1
'can\'t wait for some coller weather.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'$75,000 dollars for $200 ?????/ new math or what? screw you lady ...get over yourself and quit wasting courts time with your whining',1
'this is a stupid article. thanks.',1
'"rubbercop"?',1
'here we go again, people are making a big deal out of what one person says. he is a human just like everybody else. we need to stop being outraged by what other people think. once everyone knows that each human is entitled to an opinion the world will be a better place.',1
'i watched a couple of times and as bad it was...still better then that "twilight" twaddle. at least they are all attractive and bathe often. oh, and did i mention they can act? even with bad scripts they are better.',1
'liberals go into your daughters kunt, in bunches.',1
'pos',1
'ditto',1
'support free speech!  save the clown!!!!',1
'a$$',1
'i also agree with you. you can save more when you are single and especially if you do not have any kids. you can also live in a studio if you want to. you do not really need a lot of space when it all boils down to it, especially if you live a simple life. on the flip side, i spend a lot of money on me when it comes to traveling and living in nice apartments but i purposedly do this because i do not have kids so i use my extra money else where but i always put something in the savings, always.',1
'keep dreaming',1
'can\'t very well call someone out on the internet; unless they know where you are and can get to you.',1
'obviously, your best friend is a gold digging slut.  i\'ll bet she went down on the first date. are all your friends doing it for money ? that makes you a pimp. lol',1
'don\'t tell me i\'m all over the place because you can\'t follow.',1
'"leave the toilet seat up"       my wife and i came to an arrangement, everytime i go in and find the seat down and have to lift it, i leave it up, otherwise i put it down.  she does the reverse.  and we don\'t bitch about it if it\'s not the way we wanted it.       seems to work pretty well.',1
'this sort of thing would only be feasible in the summer when the weather is nice. if it is extremely hot, cold or storming, using that bike would both her and her children\'s lives at risk. i\'m guessing she has another vehicle for when the whether is bad or it is snowing.',1
'well, my first car--a 67 mustang--what a car!!!! i drove it until the rims fell off and the things i did in it!!! omg!!',1
'that\'s understandable candace. vote r&r for free speech. trust me. rt never lies. i might bs you, but lie?... never!',1
'why is it that, every single time something is written about a fantasy or scifi show or movie, its fans have to be referred to as \'nerds\'?  can\'t you morons think of a better descriptor than that?  also, why in the hell should some of these shows (especially game of thrones) be movies?  how in the hell could they shoehorn everything that happens in the books into a two or three hour movie, or even a trilogy of movies?',1
'i\'d have taken names, pictures, noted the time, check out stand, store location/number, who the manager was, names and badge numbers of the police officers responding (thanked them) and taken it all to a lawyer to sue.  there is an ever expanding epidemic of rudeness, unprofessionalism in business and generally a lack of decency in the way people treat each other.  businesses, especially those dealing heavily with the general public, should be held accountable for the behavior of their employees on the job.  businesses long ago began avoiding responsibility at all costs and blame everything and everyone else but their unbridled greed with the consequences that brings.  the only way to get their attention is by hitting their profits be it by lawsuit or boycott.',1
'a$$',1
'i always wondered how they came up with the sum in damages. like why $74,900?    i\'d ask for $74, 924 and 13 cents! and from now on, when i walk in your store, your greeter must bow and address me as mr. tallcoolone (great for date night!).       lawyers hate me.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'this is very true.  i can\'t count the times people have said to me:  "you should have plenty of money.  you\'re single!"   riiiiiiight!  i pay a mortage, same as you married couples.  i pay the same amount per kilowatt of electricity i use.  i pay the same amount per gallon of water.  the same amount per gallon of natural gas, car gas...car payment, insurances...food.    sure, i don\'t eat as much as two (hopefully i don\'t!  lol), but i pay the same $1.75 per dozen eggs...the same $2.00 per pound of hamburger meat...the same $3.00 for a bag of chips, if i even get them.  my gallon of milk is more than yours because i buy a half gallon at a time, so it doesn\'t spoil.  the price for a gallon in the way of 2 half gallons, top and spills over the price of a gallon jug. ',1
'a$$',1
'i just love it when a financial adviser starts his column with the word "bet"......kind of lets you know what wall street really is.',1
'write in who?!!? jebus tapdancing christo how old are you dood. die already and go meet your invisible old wizard who lives in the sky and hates anyone who isn\'t white.',1
'the bear cub is wearing a collar. duh ! this was no hiker, he was in a parking lot.',1
':>would you like to play a game?',1
'sure, no problem. i know how to obey the law!',1
'get a life this is cat talk',1
'walmart cashiers...not hired for their insightful forensic intelligence!  mine can barely manage to get all my bags to me, after i purchase them.',1
'you sound like the standard democrap. spend your days watching msnbc "news" memorizing al sharpton rants and being "uplifted by obama speeches.',1
'no! ! ! it is acting or stuntman',1
'yes. my family has one person allergic to tomatoes, one allergic to strawberries, & one who can\'t touch citrus. there are a lot of people with allergies to wheat products, milk product, soy, shellfish, and a lot of other things; if we banned every item that could possibly cause someone to have an allergic reaction, they\'d have to skip lunch entirely. the child with the allergy needs to be taught, in very strong terms, to stay away from the allergen, in school & everywhere else, and banning the allergen from the entire school campus instead teaches them that the rest of the world should accomodate them.',1
'the school probably suspended the kid for violating the policy.       my kid\'s school has an absurd policy where all medications have to be turned over to the school nurse.  children cannot have medicines in their backpacks, not epi-pens or anything else.',1
'no thanks!!!....this sounds and looks so gross!!',1
'bynes has just been arrested again, and her car impounded..  thank god.       and she\'s 26??!!  i thought she was younger than that.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'first the banks tank the housing industry  with liar loans!   obummer bails them out with money to"help keep people in their homes!!"   the banks then takes this money and purchase futures based on their rigged libor rate!!   the homeowners and economy are left to bleed out and die!!!   congress!the senate!the fed and obummer all knew this!   our government is failing and needs to be replaced!!    term limits for all...    close the fed..',1
'yes! go seahawks,(i stick by my team even if they have some off years)! :)  actually went to a game with green and blue hair once. was so much fun!   have good day metalhead522!',1
'i hope nobody put that tabby out on that ledge where that was the only place he had to sleep--it has a bowl there as if it eats there too',1
'freedom of expression. if thats how they want to express themselves then who am i to stop them? alot of the guys you concider the hottest in the world wear them. anyone thats ever been a movie has worn makeup! anyone thats ever been on a stage wears makeup too! its the personality that should matter anyways.',1
'no--he should not have been fired.',1
'why did he choose to come out of the closet like that?   i will never understand the gays like him.',1
'i think that burger would be bad for my taste buds.',1
'yes, in fact the original story is much more equivalent to when the country was booming and we had a surplus (think, for example, the clinton era). was anyone bitching about the rich getting more then? no, because everyone was doing well. so, if we look historically, no one would have beat up the 10th guy, they\'d just be excited that if they spent the exact same amount of money they\'d get more beer.    however, my version of the story is much more relevant to what is really going on. there\'s no refund, there\'s a recession. and the question we have to ask ourselves is how do we pull ourselves out?     if we look at income for the different classes, the richest gained exponentially more than the poor, even when things were good. when things went bad? poorer people had their incomes decrease exponentially more than the rich. so, the rich ',1
'gay pervert paradise !     nothing a 9.5 earthquake can not take care of - along with a 45\' wave snunami',1
'@pp, i agree with some of what you said. i cannot speak for others, but my wife and i planned both of our children, and had we not been financially secure, we would\'ve waited. raising kids is very costly, but we stepped up to the plate and haven\'t regretted it a bit.',1
'a$$',1
'newsocks...although you are wrong about the peanut thing...on this video....i do understand scarcasm when i see it. based on the thumbs down you received, most idiots do not!',1
'i think the little brat is a typical stupid whinny mexican. to how some here say the whole team should support the kids mom. if i was in that team i sure wouldn\'t support her.',1
'lmao you mean you actually read his crap?..you\'ll stop like i did soon lol',1
'the cashier was obviously trying to steal,,rip it up, hope they go away confused, then tape it back together,,,,,,just like the cashiers that would tell you your lotto ticket was no good and then cash it in',1
'i am so sick of people posting that all homeowners in foreclosure purchased more than they could afford and they deserve to lose what they can\'t pay for!  i am one of those fighting foreclosure against bank of america.  i didn\'t have any problems paying all my bills in full and on time every month, including my mortgage, for years until i lost my job like thousands of other americans due to the economy.  when i contacted bac to try to work out some kind of payment plan until i could find full-time employment again, i was given nothing but the run-around.  i am still fighting with them and it\'s been 3 years!!!!!!!  i have been working full-time for quite a while and am still getting stall tactics from bac about refinancing, remodifying, anything!!  i\'m not trying to get away with anything for free.  i\'m just trying to hold on to what i\'ve busted my a@# for all those years.  but it\'s difficult when the big banks don\'t want to work with you, especially when you consider that my tax dollars bailed your freakin\' banks out of hot water!!!!!!',1
'cats are awesome...and soooo cute.',1
'first of all, this guy is not a cop, he is a parking enforcement officer and yes he should be fired if it was bogus, but you have to pay attention to  the "one hour parking" sign.       it is funny though how all you people that are anti cop, and i am sure you were innocent of your charges as most criminals always say, get on these blogs and start your rants about how unfair cops and the system is.  get over it and get a life and quit your criminal behavior and then you won\'t have to deal with the cops or the courts!     many of you tell stories of things you have heard. well they are just stories.  you were not there and do not have all the facts. all you are doing is stirring the ****! i have yet to have a criminal tell the whole truth about something.',1
'hey einstein, don\'t mean to burst your bubble or anything, but it\'s been 11yrs. since the 9/11 attacks!!!!  dumbazz!!!!',1
'i have three cats and they always sleep in strange ways. love my cats   gyy',1
'um ... how is that racist?  if bush was president and the clown had said michelle obama is fine and ms. bush was a dog ... that would not be racist.  silly pc ..................',1
'seekriders (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'awesome.  nearly every book could be a movie in and of itself.',1
'i\'d agree they\'re about as left-biased as fox if right-biased.    will you join me in stamping out bias in these two huge news organizations?',1
'sorry...my typo...that is chip not ship...??',1
'in texas there was a tornado, so my buddy decides to piss outside and see if it flies away from him, but instead it went straight into his eye and all over us.',1
'they even used the pen, and nothing showed up? ouch. get angry, and ask for them to pay the torn amount back in other dollar bills, of course! (or at least wave the shopping bill that apparently was worth $200 dollars.)',1
'pos',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'hell no!  the idiot who wrote this should have been tho.',1
'here is the thing i find funny about people who invest in precious metals.  i\'m talking about the people who are trying to protect their "wealth" from the the impending economic collapse; not those who invest for profit.  you give somebody else your money to buy and hold precious metals for you.  it works out great; you don\'t have to pay for security and storage of those precious metals that you invested in.  now what happens when the economy collapses?  where are your metals stored?  how do you get to them?  and seeing as how the economy just collapsed,  what is keeping whomever is holding your metal from just refusing to give them to you.  the idea that investing in precious metals protects your wealth is perposterous.  for one, unless you have those metals in hand when the economy collapses, then you do not have them at all.  secondly, who says that the "new" economy will be based on those metals?   now considering your comment is based on the fed "creating" wealth; what do you think would happen if everybody starts investing in gold?  it\'s not hard to see, gold prices have soared due to increased demand....which, in the end, creates ',1
'dude broke the law in a very strict country.  he messed up.  and now you blame it all on the ugandan government?  well fu, fu',1
'the issue seems to gave changed. maybe we can settle this one by begging romney to publish his w-2s in forbes and obama his transcripts in ebony. presuming half of america can read, we could make a difference.',1
'she is a storn woman, courageous too.  she\'s on television and making money!  we\'re behind our computers!  my lovely wife has said so many times "god doesn\'t make any ugly people." she is so right.  we all have some imperfections.  none of us are perfectly normal.  in fact, "normal" is a range of behaviors and is not clearly defined.  many people pay tons of money and undergo serious surgeris to remove fat.  i\'m not one to criticize her.  she has a great outlfook on life.  she isn\'t asking for a handout.  she is working!! (unlike our politieican who seem to want four year vacations and who i think should all be voted out of office.)  i would vote for her.',1
'since when did clowns lose the right to free speech, oh, i guess about 31/2 years ago!!!!                     save the clown!!!!',1
'no dan.  much funnier.  much.',1
'if they hard cooked the egg.  i don\'t like soft cooked eggs or sunny side up.  that is totally nasty.. but cook the egg, and hell yeh',1
'cramer       i would be better to toss a leaf in the wind and see where it lands then listen to you windbag',1
'i wouldn\'t want to kiss a man wearing makeup what if our lipstick clashes.',1
'image maker:  why are you so angry?  the republicans and tea party people are regular americans, your neighbors, co workers and most are not 1%.  most are decent hard working people making an average wage and doing the best they can.  you can\'t bully your way into making people think they are bad people.   democrats seem to think they are so wise but it is not only wisdom that makes a person a legitimate human being with beliefs and feelings.',1
'i agree with much of what you are saying, however, i\'m not to sure about your statement that no one can die unless they actually ingest the food. how do you know this? are you a dr.? the reason i ask this is that my father had severe asthma and certain smells would cause him to have attacks. smells can be very potent. my bff works with the disabled and she cannot wear scented anything of any kind, shampoo, lotions even, because the smell can trigger epilectic seizures. maybe food allergies can work the same way. just saying, but still agree that the ban is silly.',1
'i can\'t decide, they are all priceless',1
'if she gets one more tuck her skin will explode.',1
'free speech---that says it all',1
'wow ! the above poster must have thought long and hard to come up with that post.....smh',1
'a$$',1
'good thing it was n.y he would of been shot & most likely some other people also great police in n.y.  i know this was not n.y.',1
'the only reason i\'d go is for the heat, hippies and funny smells.    i can throw a bunch of twigs together and burn them in my backyard. pfff!',1
'too late',1
'most of the music on my ipod is from before 1995.  except for alkaline trio and my chemical romance, i\'m behind on any new music.  and my music ranges from gershwin to tom petty to johnny cash interesting to listen to on shuffle!  lol',1
'go f yourself dirt bag. you are a racist pos',1
'profit is good filthy profit is greed',1
'wish george carlin was still alive,than we would hear some real joke\'s about the obamaunist.love to hear the kool-aid drinkers call him racist.you know what,being called a racist by a communist is now a badge of honor .',1
'freedom of speech does not mean freedom from the consequences of what you say.   the government will not interfere from what this clown said but the general public can and will one way or the other.  good luck finding another rodeo clown gig.',1
'danged if this ain\'t true...i have always said if i had been born black i would have killed myself. i don\'t want that kinky hair, that dark color, the body odor...thank god i was born white.',1
'all the music i need is on 8-track in my trans am',1
'so? no worse then some of the racist comments that come out of oprah, jesse jackson, al sharpton, obama\'s, etc.................  ​ .....oh, but that\'s right...............  ​ ..black people aren\'t racist!',1
'will you start a fire if i disagree?',1
'suprised she lasted as long as she did!!!!! her first mistake was bobby brown the poster child for drug abuse!!!!!',1
'hate is an interesting thing...when you live in the middle of it as you people do...it makes you the least interesting people around...except to each other...which is the best karma!',1
'none of those players are american you idiot..',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you\'re a scumbag -- particularly if you take the love of a dog and turn them into killers.',1
'cats are a prefect gift to us all who love them!!',1
'stfu polarbear, you talk about someone going overboard .....listen to your own stupid post',1
'i love once opon a time,and i enjoy so much whatching it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'that\'s the worst thing about all of this... the damn banks, after approving everything under the sun to boost their commissions and bonuses, deny loan refinance and loan rework because the homeowner\'s ratios are too high, after losing a job or racking up debt trying to stay afloat.  if they\'d adjust the loan, these people would have a chance with the lower rates now... and the government should force this to happen, just like iceland did.  it happened to me also, on an investment property that i should have never bought... i got lucky and sold it at a loss... but just before i sold, the bank was unwilling to work with me at all, saying i was now a bad risk... even though i had worked like a dog to make those payments for 5 yrs... they were going to force me to default if i had not been able to sell, when if they had worked with me, i\'d be able to handle it.  screw you banks... we will never, never forget, and if we ever get a chance to get you back, we will.  total ****s.',1
'heck, be glad they\'re not photos of the queen...............  ​ but you\'re right, they are a bunch of sleazy people, mainly because the person objects to having them published.  otherwise, nude bodies are fine.',1
'bayou, your persistent, i\'ll give you that!',0
'no, not interested in nascar but i think that it\'s awesome that they did that!!! cute story!',1
'hell no! they\'re a bunch of freaks! but, i totally agree with him, a child needs a mother and a father.     i wonder if rupert\'s opinion about this is because his lifestyle choice is killing him? he\'s battling aids, according to the source article.',1
'dirty pool, that meter cop ought to be fired!',1
'wow, read the facts lady, how sad to be so quick to judge out of jealousy, obviously that is what you\'re little comment implies, since prior to writing it you did not give yourself any education on the real story',1
'that\'s john daniels - when you\'ve known him for as long as she has you call him by his given name.',1
'yes i have close black and latino friends and my family is mormon. now let me explain, i am no longer mormon, but know a hell of a lot of them and they are great people. thanks for enquiring.',1
'so it is education that allows me to see you are trash?',1
'which record/entertainment  ​  company do you work for?',1
'stupis is as stupid does! ~ forrest gump',1
'it\'s called  a sheriffs department - county of los angeles citation of dismissal meaning the officer or a detective had to sign it and a judge ordered him to sign it that the **** was a farce because the officer failed to obtain information necessary to prosecute and the information is no longer available.(meaning the ticket was bs because in my city there is no law that says a bike needs a light on it.)  i have the paperwork to back it up.  oh also on the ticket because i just went over it again says i failed to give him my drivers liscense , and guess what if you know your rights you know you dont have to show a cop it, unless you are driving.  so it is a ticket with two illegall  laws that i broke on it so he could illegally search me that the judge tossed out because they are smarter then the cops and if i was rich i would be a millionaire with the way the cops break the constitution in my city and yours.',1
'brian.  have you considered how close in attitude you are to squidward tenticles?',1
'all crapple did was put a new theme on it and changed the version number in the about box to make apple sheeple think the os was upgraded. meanwhile its still the first one just a new theme.',1
'roudy, most black women who have been traditionally pictured in national geographic have been naked savages, for gods sake do the math.',1
'well,at first it was hard because i had a full time job as a parent     then it got to be sort of a \'ive been shut in for so long i have no idea how to interact with people any more\' kinda thing     lately,ive been getting better,im playing bass in a band(we just finished our first album)...but as of yet,no bites on the dating front',1
'they should open a mcdonalds in libya , and sell these mcrib sangiches there..',1
'cl, name one false witness he has ever borne, how long and did his back hurt?',1
'could someone please explain something to me? why this insistence that this was a publicity stunt in order to drum up business for the final twilight film? are people aware that the last three films have pulled in about 700 million each, with the franchise now standing at 2.8 billion worldwide? not to mention the promotional campaigns for these films that are amoungst the biggest in modern movie making. why would pattinson and stewart, two young actors already drowning in fame, risk their reputations and possibly alienate their devoted fanbase by pulling such a sleazy stunt? this is driving some people away, not drawing them in. why go to such lengths to sell a franchise that\'s already sold, with a built in, rabid, worldwide audience?   could someone please explain this to me? i\'m serious, i\'d really like to know how people have come to this conclusion. because you couldn\'t be more wrong. purposefully putting your young heroine in the arms of a married man, shaming both herself and her leading man, is not how you sell movie tickets to a female fanbase that\'s all caught up in their real lif',1
'it looks nasty!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i agree.  most of the good cops i knew have retired out, burned out over politics and attitudes of the legislature and courts.  the new crop of cops have no compassion or common sense, and if they do they are afraid to exercise their own judgment.  their jobs are on the line from the upper echelon if they do.  many are equal opportunity haters, and self-righteous in the extreme.     the legislature makes things worse with all the self-righteous, intrusive laws they write, sticking their noses into every aspect of our lives.  i agree that no one should drive drunk, but they are over reacting with current laws.  it is legalized prohibition, and sooner or later everyone will have a criminal history.  everyone will have a number.',1
'um... duh!?  how many brilliant minds did it take to figure this out?  i hope money wasn\'t spent on an actual study or something.',1
'aren\'t there laws against this sort of thing?  that\'s theft, pure and simple.  put the cop\'s butt in jail!',1
'rt i was thinking she favors moe the bartender a lot',1
'ruth, you are pathetic white trash.',1
'lol if the most downloaded artist is drake, then it definitely is crappy music.',1
'$50???...that much????',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what some people will do to make 10 million dollars for a few months of working.',1
'you\'re angry because you\'re not getting any of his money, awwwww poor minority welfare sucker.',1
'pickinslim,     for what it\'s worth, the government made money off of aig.  billions.  why are you complaining?  the only bailout the government has lost money on is gm.  they seized it, screwed the rightful creditors (the bond holders) and gave it to the uaw, which had absolutely no justifiable claim on anything, and who, along with management, were primarily responsible for its failure.     robbopaloobop,     increasing the income limit on ss doesn\'t really solve the problem.  it just delays judgment day.  the man is right.  p',1
'would you feel the same way if it were a daily dose of anti-gay news?',1
'seekriders (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'awww i\'d totally go on a date with him, no guarantee on a 2nd tho. : )',1
'the gay socialist media strikes again with it\'s slanted reporting of what was said.',1
'actually this is kinda funny!',1
'60 million pop in france versus 310 million here and 10 % illegal aliens',1
'guess you missed the whole point about that article then.  physical appearances don\'t matter.',1
'i believe kael\'s main complaint about shoah was an aesthetic one, but she also threw in a line about claude lanzmann being able to sniff out anti-semitism in any situation, which seems a) not an aesthetic complaint, and b) not a good idea when you\'re reviewing a film about the holocaust. but i don\'t have the review at hand, so.....',1
'many thanks cramer, up big this year.',1
'wher`s the old jim crow?and what you did with him?',1
'i tried sitting through the first episode and fell asleep...',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'poor duke and duchess, they can\'t even go on vacation.... darn it, they are newlyweds. leave them alone. hope she wins her lawsuit and those jerks have to pay out the hind end. whatever happened to discretion being the better part.',1
'and the man overseeing it all is named,,,,,  wiener.  \'nuff.  said.',1
'hmmm, thanks for making assumptions about my mom, but actually she was a great mother and not at all lazy, but she was the product of an old world catholic mentality where certain things, particularly those of a sexual nature,  were just not talked about openly and for a lot of catholics, that is still the case. as much as you might want to believe that all american catholics are so much more progressive in the post-vatican ii years, keep dreaming. sure, things have changed to some degree, and there is more openness, but there is still a lot of guilt and angst associated with sex, which is natural when you think about it -- it\'s a  church run by men with vestiges of a medieval mindset trying to operate in a modern world, where most levels of the church hierarchy have, in theory, sworn off sex, and yet we get sex scandals all the time. so naturally there is a schizophrenic reaction to sex and an inclination amongst  the clergy and laity to veil anything sexual behind a mask of piety.',1
'lilliebee       said:  can\'t we just have a flat tax?       better than a flat tire.  the fair tax.       flat tax won\'t work, because you still will be taxing reported income and bellieve me there is plenty of unreported income in this country.  and that income never gets taxed, at least at the federal level.  does at the state level, most states anyway.  why, because they have a sales tax.  and what do people do with both reported and   unreported inocme.  they spend it.  ',1
'they want to do the same here in the u.s. but obama ,nancy, & harry say no .... you might want to check your pensions 401 ks they are probly invested in shell, chevron etc',1
'rednecks fix what? trailers and shoes? clean my toilet, little bitch. that\'s all you\'ll ever be good for.  what does thumbs daughter say every saturday night? get off me dad, you\'re crushing my smokes. fu.',1
'a$$',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'how do we know the guy didnt put a dime on there before he started the video? :/',1
'i guess that would depend on whether he has a bladder problem?  just sayin,',1
'hell no ,',1
'taylor is gettin more famous for her off the music shenanigans.   i had respect for her but now she is becoming trailer trash.  22 and chasing a hs senior?  she needs to get laid - maybe j. mayer did it and it wasnt that good.   riri - yeah forget a guy who beat u like a dog!   oh wait!  the kennedy family has a history of "messed up women"  .... marilyn monroe (jack and bobby got sum), mary jo kopechne, teddys ex wife joan...and daddy joe was playing "parlor games" with gloria swanson.  yeah taylor - great family to be part of.',1
'refined taste huh?',1
'what\'s wrong with just white or black music by itself?',1
'one thing this article omits is that it\'s pretty obvious the debate only applies to boys..... i don\'t think anyone would consider it appropriate for a girl to pee in public under almost any circumstances and for several reasons...... . there\'s a huge difference between the sexes in how we view biology, modesty, and privacy, and the "rules"  are much looser for boys... i\'m not saying it\'s right or logical, but that\'s the way we view it..',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the kitties spooning remind me of mine, so i guess that\'d be my favorite.  but they\'re all cute. (they dryer one made me nervous though.)',1
'tyrone thinks he\'s white, stupid. i don\'t believe he\'s black at all. he\'s a phukking imposter.  "negro?"  what are you, stuck in the fifties?  jackazz.',1
'hey, maybe they\'re making a business decision and walking away from an upside down situation.......busi  ​ ness people do it all the time!',1
'good idea, i hope the prices are reasonable and stay that way, since the eatery will have fresh produce from farmers ! i hope it does really well ! !',1
'hell half the people in this country think that kids rode vegetarian dinosaurs six thousand years ago.  it\'s not just some members of the muslim religion that have a little difficulty with truth.',1
'i am sure kid rock does not mind any of his music being used.  and really what would you rather have? i am american bad a-ss or ,"that\'s me in the corner" losing my religion? thanks michael,  no itune downloads from me ... hope you invested  your money well.......',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'my cat\'s name is bandit. cause she stole my heart when she was soooo tiny. she\'s a pip, but only likes me. anyone else beware, even my best friend who sees her almost every day. go figure.',1
'what kind of person does it take to make nasty remarks about the birth of a baby?',1
'why is his opinion so idiotic? it\'s just opinion, can\'t he have one like everyone else? why does being an actor mean you give up certain human rights, like talking? his opinion is no different from anyone else\'s on here, but you aren\'t making fun of anyone else based on their job. that\'s not right. and only a few actors are in the public eye, many thousands work otherwise, don\'t make anywhere near what the big names make, yet still deal with the crap. it\'s an honest job, i wish some people would realize that.',0
'sure sign of retardation, repeating things over and over.',1
'disgusting.',1
'i\'m with you brother. these tree hugging people has this world in a sad state. can\'t say anything without  offending someone, ( hey offend this). this phucking president is destroying this great country. come on get your head out of your a$$. you gave this piece of crap 4 years a try, time for a real person a try. it\'s the right thing to do. god bless america, while it\'s still america. oh ya, obummer take that phucking sorry a$$ soros and biteme with you.',1
'what happened to buying american and helping  out our economy . there are plenty of american made vehicles that get good gas mileage . none are 100% american but it helps out . try that with everything you buy and we can get this country rolling again . look at the label buy american make this country strong again',1
'you should look up vacation days spent per president before you post something stupid.',1
'i disagree, living under obama\'s desire to change america to socialism is hell.',1
'i got them bitch',1
'you just described obama to a t',1
'msn just luuuuuuuuuuuuuvs kitty cats. at least 3 to 4 articles a week. has anyone else noticed?',1
'nooooo',1
'australian possums look different.    and thanks, msn, for confusing australia and austria.  why bother fact checking, or even reading the headline of the article you\'re citing?    jackwads.',1
'congrats your one of the stupidest people wait that\'s right your just a gop scum bag that wants to give every thing to the billionaires and why not spend a trillion more on some wars',1
'oh yeah, i fergot',1
'i listen to pandora and if i do get music its from my friends computers.',1
'talk about rain in your parade',1
'throwing quarters even a quarter would not add 5-6 minutes. don\'t you think the  meter man would have said something-(even in his broken english) if they or the guy had put a quarter in the meter  while they were filming?',1
'sorry, this, but check this:    http://www.forbes.co  ​ m/sites/aroy/2012/07  ​ /27/cbo-obamacare-wi  ​ ll-spend-more-tax-mo  ​ re-and-reduce-the-de  ​ ficit-less-than-we-p  ​ reviously-thought/       also, if you google it, you\'ll see number sites - including  the cbo\'s- that state obamacare isn\'t such a good deal. you didn\'t answer my question. have you tried to read the bill yet?? no one should form an opinion without at leasty *trying* to read the bill first. uninformed opinions only get people in trouble.       by the way, why the hostility? i\'m not your enemy. either you\'re wound too tight, or you need to grow up, junior. try to post like an adult.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'**** no.',1
'post apocalyptic fiction is about one thing:  survival of humanity.  anything that tells the story well is a good story.  then there is crap like resident evil, which isn\'t a story, just a video game translated into an action movie.  you have to start with people you can learn to love or hate, put them in a position where they don\'t just have to worry about individual survival, but survival of the entire species of humans, and then push through the reality of how bad people can and would be given a situation where they have to fight to stay alive above the desire to be "civilized".  it is the struggle all of us deal with every day - how to get along with fellow humans while making it from day to day.. only boiled down to the more base degree.  fantastic fiction when done well, awful stuff when done "hollywood".. thank god this show is not a hollywood movie.  packing all that into 2 hours turns into a joke every time..',1
'no.    i could care less what they think.    however, i do believe they are still entitled to the full respect of whatever comes into their heads - just as anyone else.    i simply wish folks would stop hoping the rest of us will get excited because they\'ve "spoken" up about an "issue."',1
'oh, someone gave me a thumbs-down... i guess they don\'t agree with you that fox is balanced right/left... because if they were, the fairness doctrine would have no impact on them.',1
'that was 15 lmfao\'s. boy, mikey sure showed you!',1
'obama vote     thumbs up if you like obama     thumbs down if you dislike obama',1
'he only mocks christians , he\'s too chicken shiite to mock muslims .',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'we all own derivatives and they\'re called us dollars.',1
'the movie was hachi...with richard geer',1
'just another reason why i refuse to shop there. i hope she gets every penny i would be mortified if this had happened to me and i am sure it was quite a big scene and not something she would get over.  i hope they fired the clerks and the csm for letting this happen and black balled them from any future retail jobs..',1
'ha ha.  who in the world would be slow enough for jack black to chase down?',1
'still doesn\'t beat gerald ford falling down the steps when it comes to presidential bloopers.',1
'i\'m sorry, but they both stink as far as i\'m concerned.  riri keeps pining away for someone that once beat the crap out of her and bit her.  wow, brilliant role model for up and coming young girls, not to mention, obvious self-esteem issues. taylor\'s music on the other hand is just boring, all her songs sound the same, and i\'m super tired of her making a poor me song over every d-bag she\'s dated. i think we\'ve all dated some jerks in our time, suck it up and move on. and really, what do you expect when you date someone like j mayer, who\'s already been in the media for for his actions towards women, does she not know how to read??!   i say give it to anyone but these two!',1
'and also, money does not equal security or stability...what an odd way to look at life, i know more f*cked up little rich brats than i do loved and disciplined \'poor\' kids...',1
'but you have someone...consider yerself lucky     to me,single means you have nobody....and marriage isnt all that important,not as much as companionship',1
'of the 1.4 trillion per year spent during obama\'s presidency, 1.2 trillion during the first year 2009 was as follows:  on jan. 7, 2009 — two weeks before obama took office — the nonpartisan congressional budget office issued its regular budget outlook, stating: “cbo projects that the deficit this year will total $1.2 trillion.”  so if you add that into the total you get the 5.04 trillion max stated, if you subtract it you get 3.84 trillion.  or as i stated obama’s total is a trillion higher due to spending by the previous administration – according to factchecker.org/ obama’s spending: ‘inferno’ or not?',1
'if i remember, mr. clinton left office with a surplus and didn\'t start two unfunded wars.  but thank you for proving my ignorant point, mr. keefe.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'rebecca, children like pbj sands, let them have them and shut up.',1
'blah blah blah......this is racist despite your opinion.',1
'it\'s just you with the crawling skin. fox new, rush limbaugh, glenn beck, adelson, the koch brothers,   reppert murdock, dick cheney, hannity, o\'rielly, etc... now you got my skin crawling.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'can\'t believe people are still eating there.',1
'she\'s more shocking then ugly.',1
'you can\'t come back here legally, you have to live here first!!!!',1
'i would wager rat meat is a whole lot healthier than all the hormone enhanced, nitrate preserved fast food garbage the waddling herds consume.',1
'number of reasons.  first is natural curiosity; depending on the type of animal you\'re talking about, a human could somewhat resemble an adult of the same species on its hind legs.  second is humans are increasingly moving into areas which were almost exclusively animal territory, except for the occasional backwoodsman; when you increase the interaction between animals and humans, animals will lose that natural fear of humans.  what do humans do when they interact with wild animals?  they feed them, which registers as a plan b in the animal\'s brain once native, wild food sources become exhausted.  you have unintentional feeding, such as garbage cans and open containers of pet food, and intentional feeding, where people may toss excess homegrown produce into the woods instead of letting it go to waste.  any way you look at it, the animal now knows he has more survival tools at his disposal than natural instinct.  and, depending on the type of animal, it can lead to dangerous encounters for both the animal and the human.',1
'dude i lived in colorado in the 70\'s - 80\'s , you wouldn\'t believe the buzz you get smok\'n a doobie and drink\'n a coors at 8,000 ft wow',1
'it should be abundantly obvious that this article is just more subliminal crap from the extremist christian right and that the only way to have a \'legimate\' relationship is to completely anchor yourself to one person for life - bs. marriage was outmoded the day it started. it\'s just that now people are smartening up and no longer buying into the garbage. bravo to the thinking singles of the world!',1
'...you\'ll likely be in a higher tax bracket throughout your life because you\'re single."     no kidding! wives may be expensive but with your uncle sam bleeding your wallet because of the socialist progressive income tax code your not likely to be able to afford anything. why is the tax code so biased against singles?',1
'bynes has just started her downward spiral. she hasn\'t even had her first court date yet.  when lohan had just started hers, she was treated the same way by the legal systems.',1
'my father predicted all this 50 years ago when i was small. step by step analysis, except there were no names...every major event like the first oil crisis in \'75 he would remind us of what was coming next. i don\'t know where he got his information but he died 15 years ago and he\'s still right. he didn\'t get it from revelation although it\'s in there in code.  if obama gets in 4 more were finished. look at england to predict the near future',1
'the source article says they ripped up the money before ever even using the counterfeit pen, which is just ridiculous in my opinion.',0
'hedonist, first saying the cbo said the cost would triple is a lie....second the affordable care act will save the government money....',1
'that\'s frickin\' funny !!!',1
'lol you and your mom "dont use the interweb"? then what are you on in order to read and comment on this article?!',1
'you sound like a typical liberal, dumb as a rock an uninformed as can be.  please tell you will move out of the usa if romney wins!!!!!',1
'i had a friend who got offended when someone asked about our hair. she thought it was racist because it was a white person asking about a black person\'s hair.  i found it natural and honest curiousity (and it was in no way judgemental...she was asking how long it took and was actually admiring the styles). my friend is the one who made it racist, not the white person that asked the question (it was the same type of question she would have asked a white coworker, so by definition, not racist).       so, i\'m just saying that unless he had a history of racist comments, there is no way that you can automatically jump to that "joke" being racist in nature. he could have said the same about palin, or reversed it with obama getting the $250,000 and romney getting the $50 and we wouldn\'t think racist. we would think it was political. considering he picked political people to make the joke about, the first assumption would be that.  ',1
'what do think about taylor\'s recovery (and spirit)?  i do think this question is another fail for the msn staff.',1
'do you know anyone who works in the mental health field? a clinical psychologist or a psychiatrist, perhaps? don\'t take my word for it - ask them where their most f*cked-up patients come from. if we could just get rid of religion, 90% of them would be out of business.',0
'why would anyone care what this lying hate monger says!!!!',1
'the usual cry from gay when arguing any of their sperm loaded brains ideas is that "we do not understand the gay lifestyle" ....................  ​  i\'m guessing that mr everett has a good idea of "what is common place interaction and lifestyle" in the gay community, and he is fully aware that the lifestyle is too slimy and too disgusting to properly raise children!',1
'"but were believed to have been inserted by someone deliberately trying to sabotage another of penn state’s simple joys"     so somebody ruined another of penn state\'s simple joys that also involved insertion?',1
'"she\'s" probably one of those trans-testicles',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'hell yes i would eat the donut burger.  i would wash it down beer and for desert i would smoke a cigar and sip fine bourbon.  f*&k it!',1
'i don\'t get this.  mortgage rates are low and anyone with  an adjustable rate mortgage is paying less than when they got the loan.  fixed rates are the same payment always.   why are all these people behind in their payments?   did you ever wonder why car maker and the financials all gave up just when it became clear that obama would win the election?       obama has sacrificed the economy for social issues. this is core belief of the democratic party. businesses are not stupid they know obama next term will be even worst for the economy .   we blame the banks but if people were working again the foreclosures would be way down.      it is time for a change!!',1
'the only way we could get a t.v. signal out in the country was by getting a cable service.',1
'and there are other people who think the democrats in the senate can actually pass a budget. there are many, many democrats who actually think the government can\'t run out of money, just print some more. with people like these voting, we will be asking cuba for a loan.',1
'clorox dont have enough bleach',1
'just go to your local chinese joint. rat, cat, dog, horse...',1
'i am single and loving it. no kids or a whining man around to bother you. i have a man in my life but he lives about an hour away. plus i have more money to do things with then my married neighbors with kids. this article is a joke.',1
'so where you there  no so shut up you don\'t know the facts, go hug a pig',1
'i can tell which of these comments are from a parent/grandparent and which ones are from individuals that have never had children. i\'m sure this mom wasn\'t teaching the kid that the world is his toilet. maybe she could have taken him around a corner by a building where it was more private. having him pee in public one time is better than letting him walk around with piss in his pants.',1
'if bloomberg ever sees this all hell will break loose',1
'i mentioned it before, and now my dad wants to go too!    i guess we\'ll be going in the next couple years, lol.',1
'it should be called what it really is........ stand-up comedy!!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'coming from the idiot that spends hours of his time in his grandma\'s basement **** with one hand and type stupid sh!t with the other.',1
'it was probably chris matthews or that olberdouche beating off  thinking about obama . (fap fap fap fap fap fap )',1
'download it illegally.',1
'guys who really do those things don\'t talk about it like you do. the only thing your ever \'banged\' is your own pecker. get offline and go finish your homework punk.',1
'you and the "bltch" as you put it are just alike. a real man does not hit women. a real women does not hit men.',1
'they are no big thing as lance rentzel used to say',1
'a$$',1
'if the ban has been in place for six years the mother should have known better. i understand that it seems like a stupid rule, but young children swap food all the time and peanut allergies are a real threat. the school is just trying to protect themselves and their students. the mother needs to get off her high horse and not try to make her child the exception to the rules.',1
'cops are some of the worst lying hypocrites out there!',1
'this would be easy enough to prove. every cash register has a camera mounted over it. plus the police officers.  i just  wonder why it took almost 2 years to file her claim.',1
'red necks at their best!!!',1
'as a parent you are responsible for your childs health and should take responsibility in educating them about the allergies they have and how to avoid contact. you do not have to have a ban put in place to discriminate against all other students.',1
'that was not nice.',1
'pasty, pasty, pasty.....  leave her alone ....she needs to lie in the sun or or get a spray on tan or something ,   bless her pasty little heart.    whats the problem.... after all  princess di started that disgusting  trend where 8 month pregnant women wear bikinis and tight clothes exposing their  bellies and ugly distended belly buttons  ( cringe) , and prince harry has his pasty a$$ pics splattered allover the place whats the big deal .......leave the woman alone.',1
'is it only considered racist if it"s done in public? i"m sure people of all persuasions tell all manner of jokes privately. again, get over it. hey, somebody, send me a good racist whitey joke. i promise i\'ll laugh.',1
'um, bitch listen. first off white people experiance just as much racism as any other race. reason being... we are not all equal. not saying there is a superior race, but we all have flaws. anyone who cant laugh at a racist joke is a stuck up (unt',1
'it\'s crazy to think that we still have the red-neck brain dead children around the country.  since obama has been elected, it\'s been a constant barrage of insults, lies and propoganda about him and his family.  god help us if we ever get another bush in office.  the red-necks have been tricked by the republican party and the super rich to pander to the predjudice\'s of the ignorant to regain control.  michelle obama has done nothing but good since she became first lady.  anyone who listened to her give her talk at the convention should be proud to claim her as one of their own.  this is coming from a white independent voter who has now made up his mind to vote democratic.',1
'yes, i experienced the same, they are rare.  then i had to wait while the mgr. decided if he should accept it - do you believe that???',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.          ]     ',0
'our society really has gone down the s*****r.    no talent, manners, or morals required....you too can become a reality tv star! gag.',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'you do realize, a prostitute is supposed to render a tangible service- not be so shrill   and rabid, as to let the other guy\'s team score points.    therefore,  obama biden 2012, is your goal as well, apparently.',1
'food stamps are one of the most abused and wasteful social program this country has ever developed. a family of four receives more money monthly then my family of five spends a month on food. the amount paid out each month should be cut by at least one third. here is why those on food stamps would not go hungry or malnourished because of this change. purchases by food stamps should be restricted to the following: fresh/frozen non prepared meats, fresh/frozen non prepared vegetables, deli meats/cheeses, canned goods, breads, non sweetened dairy, and juices. the following would be banned from being purchased by food stamps: soda, bottled water, power and energy drinks, coffee, tea, ice cream, candy, any pre-prepared meals or sandwiches, snacks/junk food, pet food, cigarettes and alcohol.',1
'dont let ny mayor bloomberg see that,that will be gone.',1
'breaking bad, epic snub.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'not on a bet! although, i\'m not sure what some of the local meat was that i ate when i was a combat soldier in vietnam. dog for sure and probably some monkey,oh well, didn\'t die from it.but that was then and this is now. no thanks!',1
'not in my lifetime. looks gross and very unappealing. i\'ll have my burgers on a bun and my doughnut with coffee, please.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'hey james....just like cities took away all the playgrounds because cities couldn\'t afford the liability insurance.  then they realized that they could more afford the liability insurance than not have a place for young people to go and create a healthy and community spirited atmosphere.  it cuts down on crime and actually a happier less sue happy community.  if schools were given the support of a legal system that put caps on litigation and limits on scandalous lawsuits with school boards less fearful of getting their shirts sued off and the system would be a lot better off.  until we have an administration willing to take on these kinds of issues look for more and more dictates.',1
'because linda there are little dick sissies who need dogs to feel manly. hey buddy how about a fair fight your low grade mutt vs a mountain lion ?',1
'i live across the river from eden park near cincinnati, where obama was at today. i could careless about his speech or some guy pissing on the grass. but it was badass watching the helicopters hovering damn near over my house. told my neighbor to launch some of his fireworks in the air. he said "hell no!!"',1
'ground beef and glazed donut? hell no.',1
'oh but in some places they are controlling what can be put in a lunch from home.  no ship, soda or fattening desserts.  we are soon going to be dictated everything. we can and cannot do.  i figure it won\'t be long before we are told we cannot move into a certain community because it will raise their insurance rates.  only healthy people of normal weight and minimal medical needs will be allowed?  think that sounds nutty?  give the nannie state time, it will get to that.',1
'right on w.t.f. it\'s all about the green.  mr. j, in s.w. florida we refer to these things and speed traps, not as fund raisers, but as deficit reduction programs.  it\'s a more accurate description.',1
'this is rude and should be illegal.  to post neue or topless picures of anyone without their permission.          they\'ve defended themselves by saying that they took these from a public road.  that may be true, but they used a high-power telephoto lens.  without it, ms middleton could not have been seen.',1
'i don\'t know? but some of the best chili i\'ve ever eaten was made from squirrel, which some refer to as tree rat.',1
'beautiful man with a beautiful wife and life..... liberals will never except this sacrifice.... all they can do is bitch about it... thank you for your service sir...... attention!!!!!!! there is a hero among us',1
'bull. you give kids too little credit. my cousin has a fatal nut alergy and since the epi-pen didn\'t come out until the 80\'s (he\'s now in his 30, so it wasn\'t there when he was in school) and the school certainly wasn\'t about to ban that type of nut, how do you think he survived? his parents taught him from an early age not to eat those nuts, not to take things without knowing the contents and not to take them if he was unsure. if you can teach a child from an early age not to touch a hot stove, you can teach a child how to avoid a certain food. preschoolers, no i wouldn\'t trust them, but at elemetary school ages? of course they can understand something is bad for them!',1
'hopefully when i get old, i can still pull girls in their 20s.',1
'wow youre an idiot.  the south koreans are perfectly fine living in south korea. its their own country ....... obviously',1
'that\'s what illegals have always eaten.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'please, i know the system and you have not tgot the facts straight so i find it hard to believe your story!',1
'get a job reading the "news" at msnbc.',1
'how could you feel icky about a rich guy dating younger women when you let rich guys who want to date younger women post spam on here constantly...huh msn?',1
'o.m.g!! when does it hit theaters again? and is wil smith in it? will i be able to follow the movie cuz i never saw irobot?',1
'i used to think the same way somewhat, but do you know why france has such low cost?  please don\'t think just in dollar terms, look at the patients actual care.   i was talking to a gentleman at a dermatologist office and he was on medicare.  he has battled skin cancer, malignant, for many years.  he told me something that blew me away.  he had a few different skin areas on his body that had malignant cancer cells and the doctor that does the actual procedure to remove the infected area can only do one area at a time during any one session.  the doctor cannot remove the next infected skin area until the previous area shows no sign of cancer.  from what i know of cancer, you never want it to enter your lymphatic system.  once it is in the lymph nodes, the chances for survival go drastically down.  is that what health in the united states should be. in other countries, the rationing of health care is even worse.  if your not disturbed by this, maybe this will help change your mind.  in oregon\'s state healthcare system, they can deny you treatment if you have a terminal condition and they will offer you doctor assisted suicide instead.  you can google the story, there are more than on',1
'im so sick of the political correctness in this country. and now with this islam video...which i might add is a stupid b-rated film...is still made in america and in america we have the freedom of speech, and the freedom of expression. why does our govt. feel like we must bow to these countries who make fun of everything we stand for on a daily basis. they dont have to like it..they dont have to watch it...end of story. i saw it...it wasnt any worse than i watch on southpark...no big deal',1
'i try every thing once, some times twice in case i was wrong the first time',1
'i was in at least 3rd grade when i was walking home from school and couldn\'t hold it.         she probably should have directed him to somewhere more private than a patch of grass along the street.  but this certainly didn\'t deserve a ticket, or this much notoriety.',1
'it is what it is......a duck.',1
'that\'s great',1
'just another punk.  probably a liberal plant to use as propaganda.  why would he have met obama 20 yrs ago?  obama was an attorney nothing special.  just look at the post below, confirmed jimmyabc.',1
'i would pay money to see ronnie dunn, he has a great voice. brooks not so much but he can talk  well',1
'no. 12 -- the cat and dog one.  that\'s one gutsy cat -- or they\'re true pals.  i wish i could post pictures of my two cats: the male likes sleeping on my printer, the female like the top of my computer display screen.  # # #',1
'a$$',1
'good show, scripts and actors. i hope it stays true to itself.',1
'first of all walmart is not the place to stop for a loaf of bread or a gallon of milk.  that\'s where your dollar stores come in.  it\'s for large shopping, a full cart.  there is no store (or airplane, restaurant, including target) you can go to to avoid screaming children.  the lines at target are just as long.  it takes a few minutes longer to save money.',1
'i would do nothing at all. who the hell cares what some unknown person says about anything?? i\'d tell him to grow up!',1
'the safety aspect of marijuana is not even an issue. there has never been a documented death from marijuana but alcohol and cigs kill millions, there still legal because the government makes money from them. they have done studies to prove marijuana stops and kills cancer cells. the us will have alot of tax income from legalizing it so it should have been done years ago. it should never have been banned to begin with but the "people" were brain washed into thinking it was the root of all evil and votes flew in to ban it.',1
'this kael/shoah discussion is a great one: thanks to you guys (kevin john and michael) for bringing it--i\'ve never read this kael piece before and it strikes me as a terrific aesthetic polemic.  it\'s wonderfully written, for one thing, though she certainly should have left out the "sniff" line--as jason rightly notes.  but her key critique is about how lanzmann uses a variety of film techniques to make it seem as if the past and present are one (she\'s sorta calling lanzmann a southern conservative like faulkner: "the past is never dead.  it\'s not even past.")  it\'s a great critique, before the fact, of the final horrifying scene of schindler\'s list, where the survivors pay homage at schindler\'s grave in israel which made the whole movie seem like a cheap justification of the current status of israel (right towards the end of the first intifada).    i\'ll end this just by saying that what i just said about schindler makes me even more thrilled by spielberg\'s own repudiation (in the truly great munich) of this flattening out of historical complexity.',1
'so, because i hold a black belt in tkd it makes me an authority on all things relating to martial arts and should expect to be taken seriously anytime i decide to speak out?',1
'that\'s funny,i\'ve spent less being single than being married........',1
'well, you are the most sane person on here who\'s kid actually has a peanut allergy. kudos to you for not assuming the whole school will ban peanuts for your kid, at least you\'ve raised him with the common sense to not eat the stuff!',1
'all facts not presented here .........',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'one pen for the whole year? are you so dependent on others that you can\'t teach your child yourself? your child should have one on him/her at all times. do you think the rest of the world is free of peanuts? like you said..take responsibility, don\'t rely on others!',1
'and if someone said that same thing about your wife, girlfriend, mother or daughter...would it still be kinda funny?  how did men get to disrespect women so easily?...it would seem that anything a man could do or say to one of your loved ones that would be offensive to you...would be something you would not say or do to a woman yourself?',1
'why don\'t you lend him your box?',1
'i never saw him do  anything except pretend to play guitar.',1
'that guy is a republican. he believes in the trickle down effect.',1
'spoken like a true nig-er .',1
'well if fire tornados don\'t say armageddon nothing does.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'i am just curious, have you ever lived overseas? i am really not trolling or picking a fight.',1
'sleazy people will do anything for a buck. i hope no one buys their magazines and she sues them for more money than they have, thus putting them out of business. the italian magazine says its ok for them to publish them because they are already public. so they are not worried about being sued. what a crock of sh*t. if it was a crime to take them, everybody is wrong to publish them. this is wrong in so many ways.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'fools',1
'some rates in downtown are $6/hour... guess what a dime will buy you?',0
'no. i don\'t like the idea of donut+meat. but hey, if someone wants one, go for it. if it had toast or tortilla instead, and bacon...well, then, yeah. that sounds like a delicious meal. (yes, i know, bad for you, but so what? i\'m a grown up and i\'ll eat what i want.)',1
'miss, i guess ironic humor eludes you?',1
'deemed is one of a new breed of white supremacists.  they\'re convinced that they know more about racism than black people, too.',1
'it may also cost walmart some serious money when the person is held at the exit doors after sounding off the anti-theft devices.',1
'sure it is, just like the insurance scam companies, they have a racket where they are great about taking money in, but when it comes time for them to cough up money, they stall, stall, stall.  all this crap should be regulated to the hilt, just like utilities are, and just like oil companies should be, insurance companies and banks.  the deregulation stuff was just a big scam to defraud the country and our "legislators" facilitated the theft. democracy?  i think not, just a big scam, a big lie.',1
'it`s that right?',1
'i am not a fan of obama, but it has nothing to do with the color of his skin. i think the discrimination of both candidates need to quit, be it romney\'s religion or of obamas skin color. it is deplorable that so many have not moved on.',1
'still a duma$$ huh?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'well i thought i was on a private balcony when i was sunbathing topless and got photographed. the pics were being published which embarrassed the family and i................oh wait that wasn\'t me.',1
'wait . . . you reach in with your bare hand to scratch your a$$  ???',1
'it matters to those who created that music.  doesn\'t matter if you like it or not.  don\'t like it, don\'t buy it.  do like it, then go out and buy it!',1
'lucky......when is the new one coming out?',1
'pos',1
'wow this sure is newsworthy. i wonder how much money and time went into this epic documentation. we the people of the united states of america accept this ongoing insanity?',1
'you are blind',1
'remember about a year ago they went before the supreme court and wanted people to have to stop filming them going about their business.  they got tired of the beating films getting them in trouble i say please everyone start filming every stop even if it is someone else, film it.',1
'absolutely not. actors are narcissistic sleazy attention whores who\'s lives revolve around how people view them. they\'re shallow, sad people who have a unfounded high opinion of themselves. i consider them lowlifes, and i\'m blown away at how this culture worships them.',1
'wife thinks maybe the person\'s just texting on his cell phone',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'see, people are missing the point..  they\'re downloading "crappy" music..   almost everything that comes out nowadays is crappy!! friggen put some originality into it and stop churning out cookie cutter teeny bopper bulls**t and maybe people will start buying music again..',1
'he\'s fiftyish, how much older a woman does he have to date?  do you cut it off at 65, or older and if older , do you then claim he\'s got a sick fetish?',1
'they don\'t call it a \'sport\' per se, they use the term \'sports-entertainmen  ​ t. that said, elite-level pro wrestlers like those in the wwe and tna are well-conditioned athletes that take a hell of a beating day in and day out, still doing seven or eight shows a week year-round. i can remember former wwe performer sean morley (aka \'val venis\') saying in a local interview that most of the guys in the wwe could\'ve won the old \'superstars\' competition easily, because they were the best all-around athletes.       oh, and uh..... wow. tammy sytch is nuttier than a fruitcake.',1
'unemployed college student max rice.  i don\'t understand why.  he seems like a serious and qualified individual when given opportunities.  sigma delta buttf*ck would be proud!    douche',1
'so quit bitching and go get married already!',1
'no, please no.  can\'t handle any more shows or movies doing injustice to the vampire lore. only one vampire should know love and that would be dracula.  plus dracula wouldn\'t allow an army of vampires to form.  sure he would have a few female vamps lying around to do his bidding but never an army.  of course my own argument is pointless since dracula himself is a fragment of someone\'s imagination.',1
'god bless them!',1
'bill maher is a hateful little man.  what a douche.',1
'alright, time to move along. no surprises down the road...',1
'are the females  allowing it? that\'s one of their territory.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'typical libtard.',1
'ws - and if they were meant to be shown in public, we women would all go topless. what a great thought for all you men. it is not just they are breasts. they are her breasts and if she wanted them shown on the front page, she would have traipsed down the street topless. it is the thought that a moron with a camera could invade her privacy so thoughtlessly and feel they have the right to publish her body on the pages of a smut rag. it is her body and privacy. no one has the right to do this.',1
'thumbs up!',1
'definetely not, freedom of  speech. blacks are always referring to is black thing. you would not understand. and say this to white folks. so again freedom of  speech.',1
'if you\'re talking true combat sport, it\'s not a sport.  if you\'re talking about sport which is staged for entertainment purposes, then it should be considered a sport.  i view it as the latter and not the former.  and i\'ll give a little technical insight as to why.     i\'ve trained in martial arts for over ten years and there is something very important martial arts has in common with pro wrestling:  a technique called slapping out.  the bio-mechanics are very simple.  you widen out the surface area of the body to slow the momentum of the fall.  the palms of the hands absorb impact versus the back of the hand; back of the hand absorbing impact equals broken hand.  the flat of the foot, especially when combined with the side of the body and palm of the hand slapping out, is very effective for slowing the speed from being thrown (basic to both karate and judo).  and, most important, you tuck your chin into your chest so the back of your head does not hit the ground; if you don',1
'hi, viper. when i said call them out, i bascically meant get them told. i do it quite a bit on here because it is easy for people to be punks when they can hide behind a fake name and avatar. i think your avatar is very cool by the way.',1
'debby u left out that the idiot was making a toast to the queen while the anthem of great britain was being played',1
'you mignt be a "redneck"',1
'5 minutes on the meter, say\'s you are wrong. can\'t just buy 5 minutes.',1
'you might be a redneck if..........',1
'they offered $50?  take it michele because come jan, youre going to wake up wondering where all your tax funded "advisors" went.  hey obams, i guess you don\'t consider yourselves the 1% since you guys have not created any jobs.',1
'you prove my point so well , airborne 1966 is acting racist to me because (he or she) doesn\'t think i\'m native to america to which the natives didn\'t name it america.',1
'and you look a lot better after a twelve pack',1
'sell the humble peanut butter and jelly sandwich on ebay, it could bring thousands!',0
'really, i got two thumbs-downs about that?  i get "disapproved" for telling the truth?    i forget what they were but at least twice, and i think three times, rt for no particular reason brought up gays in articles that had nothing to do with gays at all.  i had to tell him, more than once, that for someone who hates people "shoving gays in his face" so much that he brings them up, himself, without prompting, an awful lot.',1
'under the state’s education-financing system, for some districts, using bonds to pay for bigger and better sports facilities provides a way to keep “local money at home,” according to dee hartt, the tatum independent school district’s superintendent. state law requires communities with tax bases above a certain level to share their property revenue with poorer districts.  if you don’t pass a bond and spend it for your kids here, it goes to the state,” burns said of the tax dollars used to repay the debt.    the scoreboard has attracted $230,000 in advertising, money that goes into the district’s general fund, allen superintendent ken helvey said. on aug. 31, fans filled all 18,000 seats and 4,000 more stood to watch the game against the southlake carroll dragons. the team merchandise store sold out, carroll said, evidence of the community’s support for footbal',1
'is that a shaved ape?       govt. must be planning something the people might not like much.........',1
'the radio. it is free.',1
'so what do you value two hours of your time at?  it\'s two hours she can\'t ever get back, because wal-mart doesn\'t train their minimum wage employees well.    i would\'ve gone an even 100k.',1
'the money that came out of the government coffers originally came out of my pocket. i would have liked to have spent it on what i wanted instead of having another private citizen spend it on what they wanted.    my experience in the last 15 years with unemployed individuals entering the job market is that more than half of them fall into the insufficient education / experience and insufficient ambition / work ethic to fix the education / experience problem category.     no easy answers carl, but i would appreciate it if people kept their hands out of my pocket.',1
'we\'ve all probably eaten rat meat and didn\'t know it.',1
'so we drag the crap around for 200 years and use it to fuel the fire today for more racist remarks .. sometimes i think our past is better to not be known!',1
'just can\'t wait for this series to begin again. i freaked when i learned terra nova would not return. they just hooked us then dropped us. well me anyway.',1
'that could have been a member of the secret service on that hill. with all the whore action they\'ve been getting lately, do you think it burned when he was peeing?',1
'i see no difference for men or women.',1
'amazing!! and to think i have the use of my arms and sometimes i\'m so clumsy!! god bless you girl!',1
'the only talent there ever was, was back in the 50\'s 60\'s 70\'s 80\'s and the early early 90\'s. i\'m more of a fan of 80\'s and early 90\'s rock. it has more soul and talent then this auto tune crap of nowadays.',1
'it is only racist if you want it to be racist. just because he insulted the first lady it does not mean it was racist.',1
'i wouldn\'t mind buying a used american car but they are just so hard to find. the japanese makes are better used cars. the american cars always have big problems with transmissions after five years or so.',1
'i\'ve been left a ticket when there was time left on the meter too. but around here it\'s five to twenty bucks depending on where you are.',1
'yes.  another example of well meaning liberal thinking.  thinking ( ? ) that we can well do without.',1
'how did he pay?, with a credit card?  or did he just put in a dime(10cents) when he was running back to the car but before he started up the camera?',1
'funny, i was thinking what a shame it would be if certain presses were destroyed, or even if certain people were...injured.',1
'what are you retarded? who cares what tom smith says. your boy casey will win because his father had his head so far up the peoples as$ of pa for so long, and now sonny boy has his head shoved up there now.',1
'the guy was just expressing himself and to the guy who\'s saddened that is what america is all about we don\'t have dictators here go be happy somewhere else',1
'your thumbs ups are from people not reading your entire post idiot. it was the catchy first line they thought you were talking about pelosi. not because they agree with you.',1
'when i was working retail, and if we got suspicious money, we were told to accept it and and get a good description of the person passing it.  but certainly not to confront the person.  what if they had a gun??       i\'m assuming walmart is like my store and every register in on camera.',1
'how amazing! you can assess the entire crowd from a picture that is clearly not panoramic. it is them who lives next to the idiot!',1
'your disagreeing doesn\'t change the reality of what i said.',1
'i don\'t eat doughnuts.  put a gluten free bun around the egg and hamburger, add some sharp chedder cheese, it should work.        but, if you want it, that\'s fine with me.  this is america.  do your thang.',1
'hes probably paid ten times more than all of us',1
'blkusguy     you can suck my big white kock pu$$y liberal mofo. mooslim loving a$$ licker.',1
'@misterfiesty/stupid  ​  they are kids they dont care about that kind of attention.',1
'cat\'s are the masters of relaxation!',1
'aw, that makes me sad. rip john ingle. you\'re awesome.',1
'this chat fourm cant handle the truth you will be the minorty one day',1
'apparently, neither am i nor my family.',0
'i seriously doubt that this trend involves men wearing such things as lipstick or eyeliner. it’s probably more about wearing make up to conceal blemishes or other skin imperfections. and after all we all know that every male actor who we see in a movie or an a talk show is wearing make up to make himself look better on camera, so what’s the big deal if non celebrities want to do the same thing? in fact many times over the years i myself have considered using something to cover up the dark circles under my eyes, i just never got around to actually doing it. if i should ever appear on a talk show though i have no doubt that they will put me in the make up chair like everyone else before going on air. anyway hopefully korean men are not wearing female type makeup. i know that back in the mid 80’s in japan it was trendy for a while for young hip men to wear rather feminine looking makeup. and to a certain degree this was going on in the states as well. back then the guys who looked most like women were actually getting all the girls. fortunately though this trend didn’t last very long and hopefully it will never return. men should always look like men.',1
'maybe he\'s just cranking one off.',1
'now last year, all the rappers were saying "no homo"...        i guess now they\'ll be saying "no yolo"...',1
'rt, i told you before, if i\'m pissing you off, then i\'m doing something right.',1
'please.!!...       what on earth is this woman stating.  she states she created the dolls for diversity and that this is what latinas look like.  what happened to the black doll, (not african american) throughout south,central american and the caribbean black people exist.  no wonder latin women\'s hairs are relaxed in infant years and are led to believe that black skin and kinky hair is something of shame, as indiginents of south&central america should not be seen on tv that only those with european looks or blonde (bleached) hair.  these dolls are the typical u.s. anglo american dolls of european looks. not a good message to put out there for our latin community. lets me proud of who and what we are a mixture of european (spaniard),african and indiginents.   we do not just look like one pattern.  stereo-typical bias person. they come from all countries and crosses of life.',1
'yeah, why not?',1
'digdoll50,   i have made a lot of money while this president has been in office. it does not mean i think his policies are good for my children,childrens children, your children. i do not hate the president. that is something i do not hold for anyone. i just do not respect him.',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'old suit is awesome!!! this one will probably tank like total recall',1
'i\'m wonder if ragin would know facts if they hit him upside the head....',1
'seriously you don\'t have a clue. i will agree we spend too much on wars that are ****. if you had any knowledge about the middle east and israel you\'d know it has nothing to do with israel it is about economic and money control.       it is about oil, and drugs.....we police the world and take our cut like the mob.  oil and opiates  are a huge worldwide export.       israel has the right to defend it\'s borders, it has a tiny country and a bunch of haters surrounding them.       if you think it is israel\'s fault maybe you should talk to the millions of american jews that are there as citizens there and have been since before it became a state.  ',1
'disgusting!',1
'absolutely. didn\'t they get a big bail out check and then paid their ceo"s millions for a "great job?"',1
'right on...... men age gracefully while women age wrinkled!!!!! if i were single i would look for the same.... younger women..... she has a nice a$$',1
'wow your a dr. talking like that?',1
'sure.  a walmart cashier is about as well trained and talented at spotting counterfeit money as a bartender is at spotting fake id\'s and forgeries.  what would i have done?  let\'s just say that they would have to bring out the entire arsenal of mops for a cleanup in isle seven.',1
'i think this woman definitely should sue.. even tho it was at night.. it\'s still embarrassing & she was forced to sit there for hrs.. she deserves compensation for what she endured. what kind of idiots does wal mart employ?',1
'train wreck?? more like a nuclear accident!! these bozos need to be banned back to the hills where they came from!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what a delicacy. before it it was a sponge boniform cow disease meat and cow products (cheeses, butter) from the island, now it is rats.. are any of betsy\'s dogs up for sale? has anybody checked korean restaurants in london?',1
'wouldn\'t it taste like, "mcshit?"',1
'a$$',1
'thats a lie..... black people in africa kill and rape white people all the time.... just remember tyrone e.... it was your people in africa that actually did the kidnapping of other blacks to sell them to the spaniards and the french..... the white people weren\'t over there kidnapping you guys..... your own kind was because blacks have a violent gene in them..... kind of like how everyone says that an american terrier is prone to violence.......black  ​ s are also prone to violence......hahaha  ​ hahahaha loser negro..... you are a black racist sir who wont take responsibility for your own failures in life....... it is easier to blame the white man though, isn\'t it????? you will have to blame your own kind eventually..... after all...... 75 % of your knowledge in life is derived from your species.....freak!!!  ​ !',1
'mitt romney is so clueless ...',1
'finally some people using logic and wanting to know the facts! thanks nap and tony. some of these nuts writing comments are out of control. i\'m guessing senseless or mentally impaired.      that is the problem with these blogs, people go nuts and they were not there and they do not know all the facts but they are willing to shoot their mouths off  that is why we have a court of law so that the truth can be established.',1
'nice try.  mentioned romney in playboy, mrs. obama in national geographic.  very different references.  you either know this and are purposely ignoring the fact, or are too dumb to see. either way is unenviable.',1
'\'62 ford weighs in @ about 2600 - 3,000 lbs.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'is that the picture of the boyfriend or the wrestler?? it/she looks like a man',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'why won\'t msn publishers, and  the evil and sinful gays just accept the fact that the boy scouts aren\'t going to let them in their private organization, it has gone to the supreme court already and the gay perverts lost.  if they want to get a list of pedophiles and perverts they can just simply go to their local gay bar, and find about 99 percent of them all together in the same place!!!  the boy scouts is a private club, they don\'t want to admit gay perverts/pedophiles,  ​ ​​​​ deal with it and get on with you life gay people, everybody is sick of hearing you cry non stop!  most people would just go form their own private gay scout club, but the gays apparently can\'t do that, all they can do is keep whining to the public non stop like anybody cares!!!!  i guess the real reason the gays can\'t do their own gay boy scouts is because nobody would want to join!',0
'and........ welcome to uk f -  rat eatery - no pussies eat here !',1
'i should\'ve put a coma after "us":     beware of us, dirty cops.  cameras work both ways.       i am not a cop, just a victim of a few cops that endangered me following an accident.  of course, they got away with it, though.',1
'lol. apparently the obama campaign is too cheap to spring for porta-potties.     they\'ll probably want to assess the guy an environmental damage fee for peeing on grass.',1
'same thing happened to my boss, a lawyer in tampa.  he got a ticket from clearwater or st. pete when he was at a seminar in orlando and could prove it.  years ago i moved back to nj from fl and got a car registration and renewal fee for $54.00 from a town and a county in fl i had never heard of.  when i called they said just forget about it.  where do they get their information from and how can it be so wrong?',1
'funny!',1
'sirm, research before writing.  what records?  all presidents have had records sealed.   and why should obama answer any of the ridicoulous questions folks like you have to ask?  any answer or proof he gives isn\'t good enough for you.  you have already made up your mind because your talking heads have told you what to think.',1
'pelosi is now delusional!  in addition to hateful, ugly and stupid.',1
'any guy who would date that thing should be put in a headlock.  wow she\'s in rough condition, obviously crazy too.',1
'he hassss never left the wallsss of our play pen yum yummy, mikeysss isss my love toy. ummmm',1
'i think the photos were just heartwarming! i also think that danielle is an awesome lady for sticking by her guy like that. military vets sacrifice so much so we can have the great freedoms that we take for granted in this great country. soldiers that go through what taylor went through need love, compassion, and understanding....not  ​  ridicule.',1
'this is all a mute point if this guy violated the one hour rule and all of you flying off the handle will have to eat crow since you don\'t know the facts and put your foot in your mouth!     the enforcement officer does not seem to be worried about it so he may have done just what he was supposed!',1
'if we are banning nuts from school why are there nuts in schools?',1
'in which case, opinions are like you-know-what, woody.',1
'what an incoherent statement.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'had an aunt that was scared of cats. knew another woman who just couldn\'t abide them twining around her legs like they do sometimes. cats have always been drawn to me and i\'ve always been drawn to them ever since i was a little kid.',1
'these cars are for commuting, not taking 6 kids on a cross country camping trip.i have a truck too, but an old 2 door compact car gets me back and forth to work and saves me a couple hundred bucks a month on gas.',1
'the clown should stay, obama should go and take michelle with him, and 90% of you who have responded should get a grip. mr romney has probably paid more taxes than everyone of us combined!',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'every part? as far as i know hyundai always has, and still does use mitsubishi powertrains.',1
'if i was mr. rushdie, i think i would just stay in my hole.  it\'s a bad economy.  $3.3 million is awfully tempting...and we have this updated photo...',1
'!00% agree kick them both out!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'where was the secret service? holding each others junk, apparently, with a side of thumb up the ****...',1
'guess the hoods have come off for good!',1
'not in a million years.... they look disfigured.',1
'i lived in colorado for over 15 years and they decide to do this now?!?!    legalize?  it should not have been made illegal in the first place.  of course, you puritanical douches!!  in the meantime, keep swilling your scotch and hopping behind the wheel of a car,  hypocrites!',1
'wrong, if you can\'t pay off your card when you get the 1st bill and receive points for free stuff or cash back, then you should not have purchased it in the 1st place.',1
'walmart = big bucks.',1
'no! that\'s what you call creepy. unless,  you have the means then its fine.',1
'it is called have some self respect and get some confidence. also maybe a better job than working at mcdonalds will help you get a woman. pathetic',1
'since i\'m about 90 miles from the raceway up the pa poconos, how about there.  the one and only   2 1/2 mile tri-oval where speeds reach 200 mph.',1
'i get good moniesssss when i pimp his bum out yum yummysss i made four dollarsss by selling hissss ssstarfishessss  ummmm.',1
'another kind of pressure "hypo\' spray has been around since the mid-70s.  but has never really been used much.  .  i have no problem with needles.',1
'pos',1
'what the fluck r u babbling about?  its on utube so it must be true.. dam u r dumb!',1
'of course blacks are more racist than whites are..   blacks hate white people for being white..   and, they hate themselves for being black..   and, always remember this... there are a lot of poor blacks that wish they were rich whites...   but, you will never find a rich white person that wants to be a poor black..       sometimes the truth hurts.',1
'trying to look good is not a bad thing as long as it\'s not extreme. i think a lot of women wear way too much makeup to the point that a lot them look like cheap hookers. i think a more natural look is better. but that is just one persons opinion.',1
'i am a lawyer for the naacp! (national association for the advancement of clown people).  we are very disturbed at the tenor and tone of some of the clownist comments made here.  for too long clowns have been accused of being...well...clown  ​ s!  this has got to stop!  we are having senator al franken introduce legislation prohibiting such clownist expressions!',1
'and heck yeah it should be called a sport. those guys put their bodies through so much, it\'s incredibly athletic with the flips and twists and agility. can golfers say that about their "sport?" or even baseball? "let\'s stand in a grassy field field for 4 hours and hope a ball flies this way." pffft!',1
'some kids have potentially fatal peanut allergies.  even to a small amount that could be left on a playmate\'s hands after lunch.  even from someone eating a peanut butter sandwich next to them.  there are so many other foods to bring to school for lunch   be nice and eat peanut butter at home.',1
'that only applys to nig-ers.',1
'r. kelly should piss on an electric fence.',1
'your avatar is awesome...',1
'go',1
'money is easy to get if you know what to do. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you want to see how the rich are making tons of cash off of very little capital? then this is a must see!',0
'i saw this story and all 8 of the rescuers today on ellen.  she is a beautiful dog.  i\'m so glad that the assh@le owner isn\'t getting her back.  real justice would be to put this guy in the same spot he left her.',1
'the phrase two deep leadership does not necessarily refer to two leaders with one boy.... what it does mean is no one on one contact between a leader and a scout, everything is kept in the open and above board.... in front of other people to discourage illicit contact. if a boy needs to meet with a leader for a merit badge, do it at a meeting where there are a dozen other people or meet at a mcdonalds where there\'s 50 other people.  this protects the scouts as well as the leaders from false claims or misconstrued actions.    two deep leadership does mean that one leader cannot take a group of boys on an activity... there must be, at minimum, another leader to keep an eye on things and help out in case of emergency. could there be two bad characters in cahoots, sure.  most troops however have more than two leaders on a given outing and more than that at any given meeting.  the culture in scouts for at least the last 15-20 years has been zero tolerance and heightened vigilance.  it is commenplace to hear of bad behavior among teachers, coaches, youth leaders, and priests/pastors; you rarely hear ',1
'actually he\'s the first i know of to speak out against it.  there have been many more for it.',1
'your forcast are not acurate at all. the temps are always higher than posted!',1
'but wait!  corporations are \'people\' now, so that is how they effect the conversion.',1
'very small crowd he\'s collecting these days!!!!',1
'wow. you really suck and are a horrible human being. i wouldn\'t wish cancer on you...oh wait, i think i do want to wish cancer on you. or maybe the flesh eating disease. or better yet, you catch the clap and die because the clap is becoming drug resistant. jerk.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'don\'t pay attention to someone, he or she is the idiot!',1
'probably. i\'ve gotten a lot of parking tickets, and a couple were questionable, but most were only for 5 or ten dollars so it wasn\'t worth it to fight in court',1
'con-grates to your mom, tici! my wife is a 16 year single mastectomy survivor! she has finally reached the point where she does not think about getting cancer on a daily basis.',1
'the say goes..where one eats, two can eat.  and the weight gain is almost zero  where one sleeps, two can sleep. and some places are so small, one has to sleep on top of the other.  at the end of the month, when costs are divided up and each pays a half, it was just another business transaction.    i still remember the unions from years ago, the guy would get a job as a car  mechanic at the corner shop and pay for the cost of having a home,  the lady would make the place feel like a home and the kids knew they had a home.     we have made everything so complicated     but the best form still is to have your own place and every now and then invite some one over to spend some time.  they don\'t have to pay for anything',1
'that was the first thing that popped into my head lol',1
'to stupid to wear a hood! lol',1
'android:  does you doctor know you got out?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what does joe think of this?',0
'wow youre an idiot.  the south koreans are perfectly fine living in south korea. its their own country ....... obviously',1
'she probably better looking that any female in your family. in case you didn\'t know black don\'t crack !',1
'mike don\'t know what country you live in but if you think taxes have come down you live in a dream world. yes for the 50 percent that pay no taxes they have come down but for the rest of us they have went up very high. i remember when in 1961 in 3 months we had all our social security paid in. today property taxes are going crazy, sales tax in arizona at 10 percent, medicaid, state taxes, federal taxes, taxes on water bill, phone bills, electric bills, plus environmental mandates, plus all the hidden taxes and it just goes on and on.',1
'unions are the working man\'s best friend!',1
'actually brad 20% of visual rust equals about 45% of real rust.  its not something that you see a little circle and thats all the rust there is its a cancer and if there is a little circle of it the actual unseen rust is about the size of a silver dollar.         and you are comparing an american made car 30 years ago to a 2000 honda?  let me compare a 2000 gm to a 30 years ago honda and guess which one wont be a pile of crap...here is a hint its not the honda.       my cousin had a honda and it was a tin can that rusted out in 5 years.  my friend had a honda swore how great they were and it rusted out in 4 years.  my 1998 sunfire with 208,000 miles is finally on its last leg with the rust.  but its not 4 years old.  a typical honda is a state that gets snow or ice lasts 4 to 6 years before rust sets in bigtime.',1
'do we see the meter before the cop showed up,  no  so what would stop someone from throwing some change in the meter right after the cop started to write the ticket???? then start filming after they added money to meter?  saying the cop is wrong from this film is bogus.',1
'heres the logic you use, if you sit on city councils or in power positions you have mismanaged the money being handed to you by tax payers that you have used your power and other peoples money to bring to legislature petty laws that shouldnt be in exsistence in the first place, to get more handout money for more prostitutes and drugs and whatever the hell else you clowns feel you need to have daily.  thats the problem with idiots like you you blindly support that **** even if it isnt you that are getting anything out of it.  **** us the taxpayers paid for them roads we pay for the cops to catch criminals but who mainly write tickets, we pay for that parking cop to write them tickets. now you know why everyone hates people like you. you dont pay for **** you make us pay for everything soon it will change, and you cowards wont know what to do.',1
'stupidity is their claim to fame and nudidty and fake marriages and so on and so forth',1
'unreal. a projected 10 million units to be sold at an average of $500 per unit, that\'s 5 billion in sales for apple.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'to answer the question, yes.   poor taste and completely uncalled for "joke."',1
'a$$ hole',1
'forever  would be more like it',1
'why are hookers on this blog?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'if that is the case then the meter maid shouldn\'t have written "expired meter" on the ticket. it\'s called "parking in exceess of time limit". nice try though.',1
'wallece, teaparty, and now haynr8dr       i have challenged the first 2 to prove their claims that the tea party are racists, those 2 have yet to find any proof as will you haynr8dr.        if you make a claim, back it up or don\'t make the claim.',1
'to saynotomaryjane...    the above article is talking about  new beetles 2007 and older.  last time i checked, the 2001 model they mentioned in "10 great cars under 5 grand is older than the 2007 model.  are you sure you\'re saying no to mary jane?',1
'telling a \'joke\' is a far cry from cross burning and white hooded freaks !',1
'the people who banned pb are nuts.  if you ban everything one person in the group has a problem with,  what you end up with is the worst mediocrity ever.  it\'s the same principle at work in government committees:  the only color a committee of three or more can decide on is beige.',1
'you comment was ok fifty years ago. but not now.  that old tune is wore out.',1
'use ur own reusable grocery bag at the store will save u 5 cents!',1
'yo, fat hillbilly crackers! y\'all are gonna be in the minority in amerikkka very soon. better stockpile those guns cause we\'s a comin\' ta get ya and take yo white women and have our way with them! lol',1
'i am white, i don\'t care one freakin bit what the white supremists think, i think michelle oboma is a very beautiful lady, to me she is the prettiest first lady that has ever served america.  i am undecided about my vote as of now but if my vote was decided on who was the prettiest between michelle and ann, i would vote for obama :)  .   although ann is not a bad looking woman!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'amons "allegedly" said he was less than thrilled to see "flamboyant gay guys" .    an inflammatory statement designed to bring pressure by a certain community over a school board to fire a principal.',0
'well, when obama talks it makes me want to puke.  so i guess i understand that guy wanting to pee.',1
'sure...you can try anything once!',1
'it never happened! kristen never had sex w/rupert!    just like judge judy says if it does not make sense its not the truth!   kristen makes sure these last 3+yrs that no pics no pda no nothing \'shown\' with her & rob...then she all of a sudden she\'s okay with cheating/w/a married man/in public/wearing rob\'s clothes??? no way, none of it ever happened! & i am so happy they are still in love w/each other! snuggles!',1
'this "officer of the law" is doing his job.  he is bringing in revenue for l.a.   this particular officer evidently does not mind to lie to bring in revenue.  he is no different than the cop that stops you and says, \'you crossed the yellow line\' when you know you didn\'t.  or searches your property with no probable cause other than his \'hunch\'.  or sets at \'speed traps\' for hours at a time \'hidden\'.  they are no longer to protect and serve they are revenuers.  be careful when you are around them and no longer teach your children to respect them.',1
'i\'ll pass thanks.',1
'thats beautiful,,,,lets send a nicely framed print to the white house',1
'here\'s an idea:  prepare your own meals.  you don\'t have to be a graduate of johnson and wales or the culinary institute of america to make a f*cking salad!',1
'@hugo - why? you think he has no idea what seato was? you think maybe he isn\'t aware of our military presence in se asia during the 1950s?',1
'was he making a political statement????',1
'so funny that this has been my tag for forever, and yes kids need to learn to cope with their problems. no parks, zoos, museums for fear of contact.',1
'lets find mr/ms right on a website based on other financially well off people. sounds like thats going to be a solid long lasting winning relationship. get real people.',1
'your free speech rights are only protected from government action.  in other words, the clown can\'t be put in jail for saying this, but no private employer has to put up with him making racist remarks.  just like jason biggs employer (if he had one at the time) could fire him for making stupid vile comments on the job.  i seem to recall plenty of calls for bill maher to be fired when he made the comments about sarah palin, which were clearly in poor taste, perhaps sexist, but clearly not racist.',1
'have been to several of the gem "mines" written-up here, particularly all those in nc. got yelled at instead of someone patiently explaining the rules for "creeking" in hiddenite. the emeralds found were very low quality.       liked gem mountain in spruce pine. probably one of the best experiences i\'ve ever had in doing this for over 10 years.       i don\'t believe the cherokee "mine" in franklin is all native stuff. in my opinion, and i\'ve been there, it is, as we "screeners" say, is "salted."       someday i\'ll get out there, rodney!  ',1
'her and keith richards',1
'too skinny to be matthews.  matthews obama thrill that goes up his leg causes a spill going down his leg and he usually wets himself.  he is wearing depends this election season.',1
'only 3 more comments to go before you\'re cut off mikey.... make sure you use them wisely',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'tn hillbilly, i\'ve never met a black man who wanted to be a tennessee redneck. i guess there are things that both of us have never seen.',1
'and a lot of people are allergic to those other foods, too.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'thanks so much for your post. my husband lost his job, then became ill....in the mean time i worked my fulltime salaried position at a hospital, picked up 3 sets of corporate books to do at home, then started working night and weekends at a local department store...i worked 17 hour days, 7 days a week...trying to stay afloat until the "modify" boa kept telling us we qualified for came through. i had a breakdown...that was when i called and told them no more payments until i heard something.  (they had no incentive to work with us as long as we borrowed to make payments on time, and the fact we carreied fha mortgage insurance)...the bank lost nothing, we lost our home of several years.',1
'this article talks about this woman, voted "ugliest woman in the world"?   the article is offensive, not to her, but to all people.  and then people claim false "offense" when a guy jokes about michelle obama being offered $50 to pose naked after ann romney was offered $250k?',1
'no, i think he just did it for the $50.00',1
'heeey are you me?  cause you sure described me to a tee.  my husband had to learn not to use any scented products.',1
'men from other countries around the world. you can delete your post now.',1
'no other country does this sht',1
'look at her photo in this story',1
'you\'re saying invest at a rate that cannot even keep up with inflation (you failed to mention that the fed prints money whenever they feel like it (last month 40 billion -3 trillion since 2008), without anything backing, which waters down our holdings exponentially? hmmph! sounds like a plan...',1
'nice to hear a gay person say this.  no wonder msn is so mad at him for saying it.  i am surprised the liberal media reported it anywhere.',1
'niggers',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'i\'m happy for them, it\'s hard and will be alot of work but they can do it. good luck and god bless to both of them.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh no!  was supposed to save money for retirement?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'nothing more relaxing after a long hard day than a cat curled up in your lap with a purr drowning out the tv.',1
'i doubt it.  one guy on here is still talking about the 8 tracks in his trans am.  he\'s done...',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'there is no energy crises and the cost of energy has gone up well below the normal rate of inflation. think for yourself.',1
'i laughed. thought it was funny. people need to lighten up and stop taking offense with everything that is said, they call that "nit picking". there are more important things in this world to worry about.',1
'i noticed that i have 3 thumbs down.  i\'m not trying to be mean or anything.  i\'m genuinely curious.  i was a single parent for 10 years because i chose to be.',1
'there is so much music ,piles and piles of music produced every week,,,i don\'t think it even matters anymore,,,, nothing is sacred. mountains of music from people who think their songs are special.  i guess ill see if i can find some classical, native american or old cowboy or some old chinese arrangements,because everthing out there is complete nonsense,,,and yes i will d/l it for free,****es',1
'i wish taylor swift would drop off the earth.  i cannot stand her cluttering up my country stations with her pop garbage any longer.',1
'you should have just stopped after the first sentence. we all know that you have a learning curve.',1
'your dad sounds like he was a very smart man, rt - wish we had more like him running things instead of these "idealists."',1
'gee, i\'m doing just fine, what with not being a billionaire or an insider or such and having been invested since the 80\'s.     how did you screw up so badly?     oh, i know, you think of stocks as lottery tickets and not ownership certificates in ongoing enterprises (e.g. ge, pfizer, apple, 3m, etc.).',1
'i would tell them my son\'s name is hunter and they need to get over it.  i would not even waste my time arguing over this, it is ridiculous.  they (the school) needs to move on and deal with real issues.',1
'all these cat pics are catanstic!!!!',1
'that fate is about to befall you.  quick, turn around!  splat!  too late.  now you have a slab at the morgue with your name on it.',1
'be sure to welcome him when he arrives.',1
'no need for me to download for free, nor pay for it. i hear all crap come blasting from the cars on the road. i don\'t even turn on my radio. how bout\' dat\'',1
'was the shooting of trayvon martin justified by george zimmerman?',1
'biden as president? lol',1
'this dummy   administration took it from 23 million to 46.7 million on food stamps.  hell of a job isn\'t it.  ny times 09.16.2012       btw you having yo place of rest lined with those fortunes ,50% after you go.  the  govment taken the rest.',1
'you listed a few good ones but you missed several.  i think this was made up with paid advertisers, i don\'t think this article runs true.',1
'bear48 - lolololol',1
'we lost ours...thank you boa...tried for 1 1/2 years...they kept making promises, and we kept borrowing money to make the payment while my husband was ill and unemployed for 2 years! not until i finally said i would not make another payment until i got an answer....the same phone call, "sorry you don\'t qualify..your income to debt ratio is too high"...really?  that\'s because i have been borrowing from everywhere i could to make sure i made the payment until they came through with help.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'where\'s breaking bad? best movie tarantino never made...',1
'wow dude. wow...',1
'no.  but i once read of an ambulance being given a ticket for parking in a fire lane, even though the ambulance had its lights flashing, siren wailing, and was picking up a victim of a heart attack.',1
'what did she do to her hair?',1
'we were built on free speech. i uphold that in almost every post i make. we are losing our freedoms in america bit by bit. i oppose anything that takes away a person\'s right to free speech. with that said....  how can we the united states of america, go into other countries and tell them how to feel or act and trash their beliefs when that is what this great nation was built around? what is good for the goose is good for the gander. someone in the us made statements that upset millions of people in over 22 other countries. again 22 other countries. if this guy has the right to make the film, then someone else has the right to be upset over it. everyone has the right to believe and live the way they wish, christian, hindu, muslim, jewish, it doesn\'t matter. as long as no one is hurt. millions, billions of lives lost over the centuries for something we will never have the truth to until we die.that is so sad.',1
'this was not a "cop" issuing this ticket as his badge clearly states!',1
'what preaching did they do in boy scouts. i don\'t seem to remember any. i recall there being religion mentioned, but our troop was located at a church. but preaching, no, none that i recall.',1
'lost on earth got that right.  the original republican, a fellow named rothschild it is said,  started the war over in europe and then ran off to buy and sell  shares in the london bourse, or since he would have been shot  he was forced to transact outside on the sidewalk.      they never fight the wars they start,   but by golly, the know how to profit by them!',1
'must ...stop .... looking at cat pics! xoxo they are all so adorable!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'hey; the only difference between cops and crooks is the cops are legal to screw you.',1
'they burned the egg.......',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no thanks',1
'hope he is getting fired!!!!',1
'what i can\'t throw quarters into a meter after he starts writing a ticket?   um yes you can,  the cop don\'t care if the meter was zero when he started the ticket then it s a ticket.  i can easily walk up throw some quarters in then start filming like gee-sh i don\'t know whats up with the guy writing a ticket, didn\'t ask on camera and waited till afterwards to look at a ticket he knew was being written for the meter.  total bs that this type of false evidence is news worthy.',1
'that\'s some great security you\'ve got there, mr. president. top notch. must be the same guys you have securing our borders.',1
'life is so lonely,i am a single biker woman,i’m seeking someone who can love me and share the passion for speed, i also uploaded my hot photos on ~~~ seekriders (dot com)  ~~~ under the name of julie..it is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers.i hope you will check my photos out there. maybe you are the one who i’m looking for！！！                      ',0
'yuck.',1
'you need a nap and some meds. all over the place is a poor attempt at describing your rant....but it fits!',1
'bad joke, but moochele is fugly, real fugly. very manish.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'you have to be kidding me. everyone is so concerned about color,the joke itself was hurtful to anyone that is human.how about removing color and just see people!!!! how much would you or the clown get for a nude pic??',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'so, um, how is that racist?',1
'at my daughters school they have a nut free table.  the thing is though that she was allergic to tree nuts but could eat peanuts.  she is a very picky eater and pb & j is one of the few things she will eat.  the days that she had a pb & j she had to eat at a table all by herself.  she couldn\'t eat at the nut free table but also couldn\'t eat at a regular table.  which i understood the reasoning behind it.  i would never expect the school to ban all nuts because of her allergy and if it was a severe life threatening allergy that some people are speaking of on here i would home school her before expecting everyone to not eat what she was allergic to.  she is my child and it is my responsibility to keep her safe not the rest of the worlds.',1
'i have no problem with any race, but people need to stop being so easily offended and acting like all white people are out to get them. we\'re not...',1
'losing your job does not get you a get out of jail free card. that is what savings and unemployment insurance is for. remember, most that are on it now are getting 2 years worth vs the 6 months i received 10 years ago! if i were to forensically audit anyone in this situation (a non acorn) i bet most of these people who are ballin\' for a break ran up their debt and cashed in on their home equity 6 to 10 years ago like an atm machine! and that is what lead them to ruin more than a job loss.....ps, there is no shame in being a renter.',1
'i agree. they were just as heroic and they took the same risks as their humans.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i guess being somewhat limited mentaly you couldn\'t see humor if it bit you in the ****.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'really you are still stuck in the 70\'s so go back to bed you sic %$@*',1
'i fully agree with keeping gay pedophiles out.  what about the gay men who are not pedophiles??         what about the pedophiles that are married to women? they haven\'t done a good job at keeping  those out.',1
'you are absolutely correct!',1
'it appears his medication is provided by dr. mary jane--so you would think he too was a an obama supporter--and his post does not mean he is a romney supporter, which is "highly" unlikely.',1
'what has he done? tell us his offenses.',1
'b.s.  i\'m in michigan and its been legal here for a few years. the driving issue is a non issue because a) it doesn\'t significantly impair driving. and b) there is no roadside test for it. there are millions of people driving with prescription drugs in their system, and there is nothing the law can do about it as long as your not impaired while driving. the same applies to marijuana. and impairment is determined by the simple roadside tests they do....walk a straight line, etc.  as long as there isn\'t a smoking pipe in your car you\'re fine.',1
'he wasn\'t pissing, he\'s a just really really big obama fan....',1
'i think you should just chillax at home.  and don\'t watch tv.  the results will not be kind to you.',1
'didn\'t anyone ever tell you it\'s not cool to have sex with your mother?',1
'in a heartbeat ....ah ka..ah..i can\'t breath',1
'only one...',1
'i\'ll start downloading music when they start making it again.',1
'no.  i also like ice cream, swordfish, mustard, and everything bagels but i do not want any of that combined to make a sandwich.',1
'this is a dumb joke, but how is it racist?',1
'i am ashamed of my thoughts right now, torn between outrage of reading the story, the sensationalism, discounting the treatment of animals as objects......and the longing need for a blt right now.',1
'well in the legal sense of the word, i am still considered single since i am not married. we just got engaged a few weeks ago and we do not plan to move in together or share incomes or bills until we are married. he lives an hour away and i work 70+ hours a week so we only see each other on weekends right now.',1
'this headline sounds like something the obama administration would come up with.  stupidity!  live (spend) within your means first.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'personally i do not care to see the photos.  i think that the photogs  should suffer an invasion of privacy law prosecution.  if you take a photo of anyone, and get it published for money.  you should then be needing a release from the person involved.  if you don\'t get it.  you should be subject to the invasion of privacy laws.  no if ands or butts....get a release!!!  enough is enough.',1
'all of them!',1
'if they are of legal age, i really don\'t give a f ck what he does .',1
'newsocksrock,     sorry about your son, really... i had worked for a dr. and i did the food testing with all ages, along with common allerigies as trees, dust, pets.     some of the food test results that came out seemed so horrible, it made you wonder what the poor child could eat.   a real nightmare for any parent. then hardest to explain to alittle one why they can\'t have it, along with most likely not being able to go to little birthday parties...  iam with you.... a very hard thing for you and other parents.',1
'i was very close when st. helens erupted.  i\'ll never forget how the sky went black and the lightning flashes. ash covered everything so quickly!  pretty amazing to see.',1
'similar to the movies, darwins theory will come back and get this individual eventually, lets hope this moron doesnt take anyone with him.',1
'no!  that thing looks gross!',1
'all sauce!',1
'asian and "illegals have nothing on the delicious menu found in the coonass swamp kitchens of lousyanna! america is just an uneducated racist boiling pot.',1
'my small town had a cop who would stop young women and tell them to meet him in the cemetery and he wouldn\'t write the ticket.  they called him cemetery bob.  he actively pursued women on the job, had sex on the job, and carried his camera (zoom lens) and binoculars to watch women.  he was later sued for sexual harassment in the work place, and he lost.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'he\'s more comparable to arnold.  a big blowhard.',1
'short on fact am i? where? 5 trillion added to our already impossible debt, 19% u6 true unemployment numbers, obamacare which is impossible to impliment much less pay for, we\'re subsiziing brazil to drill for their own oil while we\'re not drilling for ours and gas prices are stratospheric, so where am i short on facts exactly you pathetic obamazombie and he\'s not the president, barrack hussein obama is a fictional character created by the leftwing loonies in the media, he\'s not qualified to be a janitors apprentice and you know it, you can\'t admit it to yourself of course or anyone else but you know it and you just can\'t stand it!!',1
'no options:do you have a medical degree? just asking becuase last i checked my doctor does have a medical degree and was also rated for one of the best here and is highly recognized for his credentials...and mom of 5 i can guarantee you\'re probably not the perfect mother or you wouldn\'t be so quick to judge or put people down they say misery loves company. jeo: the doctors don\'t say oh keep smoking..if you re-read the post it states that they say not to stop cold turkey and to cut down that\'s where everyone is reading between the lines again!',1
'his problem is he is an undesirable fatboy craving attention, even if it is online. he uses decades old anti white slurs yet if one of us tossed out the n word or mudhuts, or 11 toes, he would cry to high heaven.',1
'another case of crooked cops, he should be fired and never allowed to be a cop again no matter where he moves too.',1
'ya got me on that one. no you did not. i take it back. ;)',1
'ragin cajun 1949, you hit it right on the head.  a beautiful answer.  whether you\'re a democrat or republican  it doesn\'t matter......just see what this president...who is the only president who has all his records sealed....win the presidency again and we will not have the country called the united states.  there has been no other president with as much or as many questions about him than this president and the newspapers are protecting him for some odd reason.  if he looses anyone connected to him should be placed behind bars for helping ruin this country.  if you think madoff ruined everything, well....you\'ve got a real problem.',1
'well - why is it that people who are not christians still claim they are, as you noted? what power scares them into living a lie? reminds me of nazi germany back in the 30s - no matter how much you hated the nazis, you had better have a copy of mein kampf on your coffee table. you had better say, "sieg heil!" when you were supposed to. no difference here - we cannot have one elected official in our federal government come out and admit atheism. then the christians whine that they are being "attacked."',0
'it\'s more than that - the meter maid has to sign each ticket under penalty of perjury (felony).',1
'why is it that, every single time something is written about a fantasy or scifi show or movie, its fans have to be referred to as \'nerds\'?  can\'t you morons think of a better descriptor than that?  also, why in the hell should some of these shows (especially game of thrones) be movies?  how in the hell could they shoehorn everything that happens in the books into a two or three hour movie, or even a trilogy of movies?',0
'mr jacobson,it doesnt matter what color you are to get any parking or city ordinance violation.the money is all green and thats all they care about.',1
'i wouldn\'t call you a first class anything vicious. you\'re the **** that everyone steps over to keep it off their shoes. the rot that resides in you surely stinks to high heaven.',1
'the only talent there ever was, was back in the 50\'s 60\'s 70\'s 80\'s and the early early 90\'s. i\'m more of a fan of 80\'s and early 90\'s rock. it has more soul and talent then this auto tune crap of nowadays.',1
'every one thinks they will work for ever or until they reach seventy or older. the truth is most run of the mill people will work until they no longer have a job. in most cases this will be when they are not as efficient as they used to be or do not look as great as the company wants it\'s employees to look. try as you may ageing will take place maybe some will have a few more years then others. people will never be able to work until they drop dead. there will be that period when they are forced to stop. remember old horses are put out to pasture',0
'to: normal person 1, is this what we have come to. sad, sad, sad.',1
'@jbird- amen to that!!',1
'instead of opening your mouth and inserting your foot, why not expend a little energy and look it up ?  there are more than just one instance of this type of stupidity. or perhaps, you were the one that wrote the ticket and perhaps feel it necessary to justify your stupidity ?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.      ]         ',0
'you are so rite , everyone thinks it is all about thosse who should not have gotten the  loans what about all those either in business or lost there jobs. no one talks about  all the loans banks called on small business because the banks balance sheets sucked and the feds said to fix them. good business gone why because the banks could and  they did just like the 80\'s, anyone remeber those times',1
'just because you have a thought does not mean it should be made public. do us all a favor and keep your tactless remarks private.',1
'iswalmartreallyapers  ​ on...  um, yea, actually i have been tested for both hiv and hpv.  don\'t have it, never will...  why, you ask?  because i abstained from sex from the time i met my husband, until the time we were married.  i knew him for two years before we got married.  it was one of the hardest things we ever did to abstain, but we wanted things to be right.  and, we knew that starting a relationship  w/ "i\'m pregnant", is a very difficult thing to do.  it\'s also why i am one of many, many of my co-workers, friends, classmates, etc, who doesn\'t have a couple of kids from other relationships, & isn\'t divorced a few times by the age of 30+...  i\'m not judging, this is just one example of someone who made up their mind that nothing ( not even a good time), was going to mess up the future and the plans that we had made.',1
'yes...but what both of you are failing to take into account is this......the ticket was written with the violation that the meter expired.......nothin  ​ g else!  therefore the officer is wrong!',1
'jarc just another racist clown.      pigs like him should be fired immediately.  these are the enemy.',1
'oregontoo, we have three of the fur balls. cats are ok, i would prefer to have none... you know wife and all!',1
'get your facts straight slobeachboy - men during the revolutionary war did not have long hair.  a man with long hair at that time would most likely be referred to as a \'barbarian; (read period books by  fennimore-cooper and other similar authors).  most upper class gentlemen wore wigs -  george is wearing a wig in every portrait of him ever painted or sketched.  when the wig came off, underneath was short hair, which was also the style worn by male working class of the time.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'maybe some of it is great,but even the best music becomes noise if you have to hear 10 times a day,  local radio stations have become advertising machines with preselected songs to fill in the gaps..  ive d/l 10000 songs and listened to 30 songs maybe,,,,too much is too much,,,,,read a book or go into the wilderness and listen to the silence',1
'msliberty stfu you silly racist pig. you arent tough just some fat online keyboard commando talking/typing tough while hiding behind a pc. my wife weighs 100 pounds and i am certain that she would give you the beating of your life. i think obama sucks and not because he is black you moron. not everything is about race but it certainly seems to be to most blacks. in fact what you know about slavery you read in the very same books that us white folks read as well. and racism is a two way street i have witnessed racism towards blacks while living in florida but have seen much much more racism towards whites as i have moved near detroit. just because you\'re black doesnt make you some expert on racism fatso.',1
'chinese eat dogs. they will source their protein wherever they can get it.',1
'mg, i will have to repeat this every time you repeat stupid   trance music.    we dont want to control anyone.  we just want economic justice,  for more than the wealthy and well connected.  what is wrong  with that?      the larger leeches are those who pull down ten million dollar  bonuses and \'earnings\' for downsizing our middle class nearly  into extinction.  at some point, the people\'s needs will triumph ',1
'mini thug, you rock dude!!!',1
'*thak* you',1
'lol!',1
'ugh - like a moron.  it was a late night, that\'s all i can say',1
'lol!',1
'this is not about the few pushing the many...this is about an outdated school policy...six years old...put in place to possibly save a child that could die from a peanut butter sandwich.  if it were your family member you would be greatful.  the only problem here is that the school authorities here need to be edjucated.  food allergies effect someone in just about every school in the country.  the school should provide students with allergies an area where they can eat away from the potential danger and should not ban the food completely.       not having some form of policy in place is like saying there shouldn\'t be any ramps for disabled people on any public building or that handicapped people shouldn\'t get special parking spaces. we\'re living in a society people!!!       not sure why but it seems alot of people would let a child die just so thier kid could eat a peanut butter sandwich????',1
'active....you\'re not calling me "a last in sucker" are you...?     gotta take profits sometime and double down on better,safer companies with bigger dividends.  otherwise i would be on the sidelines with all these other pissers and moaners..  just saying wall st. is a scam...that\'s not me..     been picking up statoil (sto) lately, remember that one?  a little more walgreens (wag), those boomers are taking more meds; and cvs doesn\'t pay as good a div. dumped it.  and of course goldminers, thanks to old bernanke, just gotta dump at the right time...waiting for cramer to give me the word.',1
'redneck is one word you dolt.',1
'i would eat one.',1
'90% of the music fed to you by record labels blows bigtime! the best music now is made by indie bands recording in their moms basement. bands like these offer their singles out to blog sites so you can hear or just download and hopefully come to their shows. meaning: all the music most of you listen to is crap! but, you don\'t kow any better cause you sup at the hog trough like all the rest of the automatons. have a nice day music lovers!',1
'lol, nothing scarier than a keyboard warrior!',1
'this is a non-issue. thanks msn for helping the 1600 pennsylvania ave propaganda/spin machine!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'so what nap town, he put the money in the meter right in front of the cop and the cop didn\'t say "dude, it was expired and u just put the money in" i don\'t think so. cops have meetings every morning and they are told what they need to do and to look out for the day. i know a few cops, and yes they do have quotas to make and yes, the mayor of their cities pressure them on parking tickets etc. as they make a lot of $$ on those tickets cuz no one fights them assuming their meter was expired when the cop wrote the ticket, since they weren\'t there how could they know. it is a very common practice for a cop to start writing the ticket with 1 minute left on the meter hoping they don\'t come out.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'poor racist puppies...gotta feel sorry for them when they all have going for them is the color of their skin...',1
'wow i think you have found a speech from when jfk was running. seems like the pope didn\'t run the country back then either. sorry you have so much hate for everyone and everything. try and have a good day....',1
'it\'s a silly soap opera, not a sport.  not to say that the guys (and gals) don\'t work hard (with help from steroids) to get in great shape, but you can hardly call something so scripted a "sport".',1
'fox & friends co-host gretchen carlson got pranked this morning, as the young, disillusioned "former obama supporter" she thought she was interviewing turned out to be a stand-up comedian named max rice',1
'lefys????  i presume you mean lefty.   no, i am not. i am simply an independant minded individual with respect for the office of the president of the united states, one who seeks to uphold the honorable image of this country, and make an intelligent, balanced decision in the election.',1
'i act like i do.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'lol, i just have an ipod because my dad bought it for me for christmas.  you\'re never too old for one.  you may be too poor for one!  i never would have gotten one if my dad hadn\'t bought it for me.  it\'s an ipod touch and the only thing i use on it is the music.',1
'wow - some of the comments here are just gross.  to all you haters; if you do not have anything nice to say, don\'t say it at all (didn\'t your mother teach you that?).  there is enough s**t in the world without people making asinine comments.',1
'give us polititions with manners & they just might get some respect.',1
'you\'re right. i will never be on your side, ricky.',1
'i just read this exact same post on another gay \'article\', and you\'re caling rt a troll...c\'mon',1
'don\'t forget the poor clowns!!',1
'juliette, ga?  loved it.  the location was so much smaller than i would of imagined.  i surprised my mom and took a slight detour on our way to a family reunion in eatonton, ga.  she loves the movie!  we had lunch at the restaurant, fried green tomato sandwich of course!',1
'your incessant rants are really becoming a downer.  have you considered blogging so that the rest of us can have a break?',1
'never underestimate human stupidity.  after all there are folks who believe tv wrestling is a sport and that fox news is journalism and that the republicans won\'t pass the jobs bill because they think it isn\'t a good bill for the country.  so with voters like these anything\'s possible.',1
'really robin?  1 million times?  i bet the only thing in your life that you have seen 1 million times would be your husband whacking off, cause u r so flucking tight...  u fascist flucking clunt',1
'yes it should, they are athletic to do all the things they do in the ring -- choreographed or not.  many get hurt for real too so there is a danger in the matches.  if professional gaming is called a sport, if sometimes people call playing poker professionally a sport...so...i think wrestling can be called a sport.  the definition of sport never mentions not having a pre-determined outcome, all it states is that it is usually atheletic, of a competitive nature.  wrestling fits the bill!',1
'"tell a white kid not to wear white pants" now that is one stupid comment. white pants look nothing like a white persons skin tone. now to topic this little nigga should of been told to change. they are close to her nigga skin.',1
'the guy knew he could\'nt pee on the pres, so he pee\'d under him.',1
'my husband is 66 and retired for 12 years after working in a food warehouse as a picker and fork lift driver for over 30 years. i worked in a as bank teller for 36 years.  yes we both are retired do sit at home and collect pensions and social security which i say we worked hard for and earned.  both of us are just high school grads.  we worked hard for our daughter so she would have a better education.  she also worked the whole time she went to college. we have never collected government assistance.',1
'ha. dont judge.. just because you have a smaller one',1
'can you do the tide update for this area i like to fish',0
'he won\'t be seeing me thats for sure',1
'if you are in debt you are a slave. when ever you owe some one they legally own that part of your wealth. paying off all debt is the single most important thing you can do to preserve wealth in your life. learn to live on what you make the ruination of this nation was debt financing. i can recall those stupid commercials about putting the equity in your house to work for you. we all see how that worked out. yes you can get out of debt. the whole credit score thing keeps the american people a slave to the banking industry',1
'ah those government employees.  i got a summons and complaint from a township i had moved out of six months before saying i did not renew my dog\'s license and giving me a court date.  the reason i did not renew is because i moved and because my dog died - she didn\'t need a license anymore.  i saved a copy of the summons and complaint.  i work for attorneys and they couldn\'t believe it and had a huge laugh over it.  now the state of nj is going after gift  cards.  if someone buys a gift card in nj and it is not redeemed in two years, the state gets the money.  it\'s disgusting - people  trying to steal  your identity, your savings, ticket you unfairly and generally rip you off all the time.  sometimes i wish i could move to mars.  they don\'t have dog licenses there!',1
'same as most politicians',1
'it would be your loss. we wil continue to work for a living and not owe as much in taxes because we do not have to support the lazy bastards in the rest of the contry that think just because they exist they should be fed, hauled around, and otherwise supported for their entire lives. you have fun paying their way.',1
'i pray every day he has a chance, 4 more yrs of obama we cannot stand...the us will probably be owned by our own enemies...you know, obama and his bunch!',1
'see the future here! do you want to make thousands? then check this out. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. there is information that the rich have been trying to keep for themselves and now you have access to it. come over and get your share of the cash today.',0
'plenty of proof on this comment board about how broadly we permit freedom of speech, no matter how stupid, offensive, vile or absurd.',1
'many churches are non-denominational now days, and don\'t even have a cross in them, i just don\'t think that falls under the category of christianity.another  ​  thing that is a pretty good indicator of the demise of religion are these post boards and the media, especially msn, which clearly have a agenda against religion. but any story regarding religion brings out multitudes of people bashing religion on these postboards,so how can anyone deny the unpopularity of religion! radical islam is also helping to put a nail in the coffin of christianity, simply because people tend to generalize a hatred of all religions when they see the insanity of muslim fudamentalists. also many people say they\'re christians, when they\'re actually no more religious than you are or i,so they are hypocrits, and the world is full of them!',0
'just reinforces bad stereotypes.  men are supposed to "hunt\' women.',1
'yeah, i noticed that immediately.',1
'15 thumbs up is the truly sad part! but your not racist:)',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'i will only respond to one part of your ignorant rant. african tribes were given a choice, take my weapons and capture other tribes, or i will give them the weapons. it was another deal like the ones the native americans were given.',1
'cloudynik.  i did look at myself first.  i make much less than him, and have a house worth 3 times what his is, and paid it off in only 8 years.  my down payment alone was more than his house is worth!    something about his story is incomplete - which i guess we both agree on.  d c alluded to credit card debt - maybe ourgovt is loaded with cc debt.  either way, he makes too much money (combined with a low cost of housing) to have these sorts of problems.',1
'i remember tree limbs snapping under the weight of the ice - sounded exactly like gunshots.',1
'there\'s probably a secondary pisser hiding in the bushes',1
'do you know it was the democrats who originally pushed to move jobs overseas? probably not.',1
'can\'t wait for president romney to take control of  "our country" . communist have done their best to destroy it & that\'s no joke...',1
'and look; he\'s on the grassy knoll!',1
'the city should have to pay the guy the amount of the ticket: $63.00.  the meter-maid... uh, meter-man, should receive a three day suspension without pay for writing fraudulent tickets.',1
'that is what i have been saying since it happened.  too big to fail my a$$, the bigger they are the harder they fall.  free enterprise will fill the vacancy so fast that most people will forget it ever happened',1
'where is the picture of someone slapping the living sh#t outta you...that would get my vote. you should be a poster child for birth control.',1
'ric, they\'re not as smart here in the states.       i\'d like to see the mc rib year round here too. it\'s a far cry better than their cereal burgers.',1
'how did george w. get elected twice.',1
'it seems that you don\'t think having things go to collections is anything to worry about...     sorry if i don\'t take your advice.',1
'if you want to nitpick, if you buy the phone off contract at retail price, it is $650 for 16gb and $750 for 32gb. some people don\'t want to be burdened by a two year contract for phones that are replaced every year by much better ones. some people also must do this now to keep their unlimited data on verizon.    whoever decided to mock the other poster on his opinion and forgot to do some basic fact checking on the actual price of the phone.. should look up the term "irony".',1
'newsocks...provide the pen to your child, the school is not the only place in the world w/ peanuts. or is this an excuse to place responsibility on others, rather than yourself? great way to create a lawsuit!',1
'no - it\'s a gross invasion of her privacy, it panders to the basest of our instincts, and it demonstrates a belief that monetary gain is more important than a reasonable expectation of courtesy. i\'d love to see the public ignore the papers - forego our normal tendency to voyeurism and hit the magazines in their pocketbooks - but i can\'t really see that happening. too many people consider the satisfaction of their curiosity a basic right. kate is a class act, and she deserves better treatment.',1
'kate\'s hot . . . but let\'s get some nude shots of pippa\'s bum.',1
'since we are all created equal............. racist',1
'they always invest in what benifits them!!  remember hanoi harbour with shell an of course others during that so called police action? i for one do an still do not by buy knowingly from them!',1
'unfortunately for the rest of us clowns, biden has a natural gift for it!',1
'amen',1
'i\'m tired of hearing taylors songs of lost  "loves". you don\'t have to write a song about every guy you break up with. i feel sorry for john mayer, how many years after you stopped dating you write a song about him, all i have to say is watch out connor. as for rihanna i don\'t listen to her music and i don\'t listen to taylor either',1
'd c, for me it\'s pretty simple:  i\'m 44 years old and living in a completely paid-off house.  that\'s basically it.  i don\'t have to pay rent or mortgage for the rest of my life.  i bought my house right, and so i\'ve never been upside down in it, and probably never will be.  i have other investments as well, so for me it\'s a way of diversifying my money.    i\'m not arguing with you at all, but it comes down the old \'can you invest and make more guaranteed than your mortgage rate?\'  that\'s been a tough road for the last 10 years....',1
'think he meant she looks like a gorilla',1
'yummy!  al-righty then!',1
'i\'m afraid the joke is going to be on this whold counrty come november.  laugh clown laugh',1
'qwerty23:  i alluded to credit cards as an example of what would be a better use of cash than paying off a mortgage with a low interest rate.       there are better ways of investing your cash than paying off a mortgage.  personally, i would never pay more than required on a down payment.  once that money is used, you\'ve lost any way to make money from your own money.  at worst, i would bank the money i didn\'t have to use over and above the required down payment and let it supplement my house payment each month.  i still have the bulk of my cash earning money and paying the higher house payment without a struggle.       for those who put large down payments on homes which have lost alot of their value, it\'s unfortnate because  now that money is gone.',1
'i purchase it from the store. on cd. the last one i bought was train california 37.',1
'knova, no reason for name calling. i was commenting on the fact that a lot of people on this board were posting about this being the reason they keep gay people out of scouting. i was saying that logic flawed in the fact that most pedophiles will tell you they are absolutely not gay. i completely agree that they are extremely sick perverted individuals, which i believe i said in my earlier post, but you cannot say they are gay. there is a difference between a pedophile and a homosexual. homosexual men like adult men. pedophiles molest children. adult heterosexual men do not generally prefer to have sex with young girls and adult heterosexual women do not generally prefer to have sex with young boys. so why do people believe that gay men prefer sex with young boys. i do not go around saying you are heterosexual so you must like having sex with children of the oppostie sex. so why do that to other people.     and bg70, i was not saying at all that all conservatives like porn and all liberals are gay. i was showing that studies',1
'no, its racist.',1
'i know of a cop who parked his marked car-that clearly said "police\' and came back to a ticket on his car. the cop was responding to high priority call. parking enforcement folks can be stupid at times...',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.',0
'this has been the knock against pullman forever, especially from people that didn\'t go to school there. they always say, it\'s so boring, nothing to do, blah blah blah. the truth is that pullman is one of the only true college towns in america. when you go to school there, you actually have to go there. there is no living in mom and dad\'s basement and driving to class. you are there with 20,000 people your age and it is awesome. some of the best times of my life were in pullman.',1
'what was racist about it?????      i guess i just didn\'t get it.   :o(',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'only if he can put sunny in a head lock.',1
'i\'m sure i remember something regarding a seeing eye dog guiding his owner down 78 flights of step to safety.  it\'s because of hearing about heroic dogs it makes my blood boil when i read about someone committing animal cruelty.  in my eyes in one way or another every dog is a hero.  whether it be leading the blind, finding a lost child, comforting hospital patients, rescuing a drowning person, giving that homeless person or the people who live by themselves who have a dog for the comfort the dog gives them or frankly just being a dog!  i\'m not sure what it will take for all the states to join together, which they don\'t seem to be able to do on too many things, and enact truly stiff penalties for any kind of animal cruelty.  anyone reading this post if you really want to see what i\'m talking about google animal cruelty laws state by state.  you, like me, will be shocked how some states will give a stiffer penalty for stealing a hotdog than for leaving a dog to starve or worse beating him.  another thing they need to do is to stop treating dogs like "things".  if someone kills a family pet it just considered more or less like a lamp you broke.  how much will it cost to replace?  tha',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'your "in god we trust" means nothing to me, one more as*hole trying to convert the world and pissing off other religions. no respect given and none reciprocated, dick',1
'dumb question...what happens to the compounding equation when you consider the buying power of the 30k invested versus that of the 90k so many years later?  the raw numbers make it sound like a drastic difference but that $250 a month when she was in her 20s was worth a lot more than the $250 a month when her twin was in her 50s.',1
'it\'s the other white meat.  (or is it pink?)',1
'try driving 180 miles an hour  anywhere for extended periods. then you can make a statement. until you do just that, shut up.',1
'are you a good cop? or one of the many dirty ones i have met in my 40+ years.',1
'no i dont think the clown should of been fired. its just a joke. cant people take a joke anymore. so much going on in the world and this is what people are concerned with. let it go already. people like bill mahar can say anything on tv but a rodeo clown cant !!!! now thats funny',1
'i think $50 would be too much...  grossss',1
'amazing how america turns its nose in the air at anything out of the ordinary. growing up i remember being able to get horse meat at the local store and it is very good we also milked the cow and goat and chilled the milk to have for our use, most other countries eat insects, rats, guniea pigs, organ meats and such that we find so horrible here it is just a simple mater of culture',1
'how does it feel to be absolutely ignorant? you are pathetic.',1
'have you heard about the mcdonald\'s "obama value meal?"     order everything you want and the guy behind you has to pay for it!       confession, i\'m plagiarizing.....lol  ​',0
'guess we know what he thought of the speaker.  :-)',1
'one rodeo doesn\'t make or break a career.',1
'pigs well it is what cops are. the lot of them.',1
'sur look what obama has bone to those evil bankers and traders...nothing you fool!  he is no different!',1
'from my recollection they\'re pink.',1
'u don`t know linda melinda,her being so screw up by so many plastic surgeries she gave away more than she should,transpiring in elections fraud',1
'where in the constitution/bill of rights  does it say that health care is a right?',1
'what you mean walking up to meter?  i can throw some quarters in step back after i see he\'s writing the ticket, then start filming.   he knew what the ticket was for before he even picked up the ticket.  total bs hope he pays for falsifng evidence.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'what\'s wrong with that? i do it myself. you just want to be sure to think with the right head when it comes to money though.',1
'mcdonalds suck  quality has got so bad , mcrib no better than the fake crab sticks',1
'good for you, klaus.  see, for you, you\'d be legally allowed to have kids, because you provide a financially secure and stable home.    what we\'re talking about are the millions of straight married couples who fail to do that for whatever reason, and the fact that their reproduction should be made illegal, because it\'s best to raise kids in a stable, financially secure, supportive home, just as it is now illegal for gays to have kids, because it is best to raise kids in a home with a mother and a father.',1
'this is nothing new. there\'s a minor-league baseball team out in the midwest that\'s been selling krispy kreme burgers (using a kk glazed donut sliced in half as the bun) for years now.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'interesting article but it was the increased federal requirements that led to the unavailability of hamp.  i guess if the banks had known all the additional requirements and federal red tape they could have geared up to address the problem.  personally, refinancing has gone from a handshake to 64 pages of documentation and five months of delay.  the reason is that all loans are now being underwritten by freddie and fanny.  banks that finance their own mortgages are declared stressed and sold.  interesting way of doing business, sort of like the good old days dealing with the mafia.  more interesting is that the fed blames the failure of their programs on the banks and does not disclose the facts behind the issues. something a good journalist would have realized in an election year.',1
'no never!any parking ticket i received was my own fault, especially while i was in college.i have even been let off in different states with a warning when i was on active military duty in the south,north and west. i was never treated unfairly.',1
'respect is earned, it is not a given, and he hasn\'t earned squat from me except contempt and disdain!!!',1
'i don\'t understand how that is racist. nat geo is a small magazine, and playboy is much larger and better resourced. hence, more money.       either way, i wouldn\'t want a look because i don\'t think her constant angry-face is attractive.',1
'are you kidding, i only read the first line!',1
'highway robbery. it happens to everyone as the cities try to collect more money. for what? to pay fraudulent policemen.',1
'my best friend has announced her wedding with a biker man! they meet via   ~~~  motodating (dot com)  ~~~  it is the best place for biker men and women or biker women and men to get in touch with each other. maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends.               ',0
'its not just about eating it, what if some kid would have spilled it on the table and she just touched it and she didnt know, so its not just about eating it cause she may have had conact with out knowing thats the point.',1
'this is the land of the greed, not land of the free anymore',1
'his employers are also free to fire him,,,, he obviously didn\'t read or take lesson from what happened to the marine that exercised his freedom of speech with the commander in chief!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'doesn\'t appear like many others agree with you and nancy the nutbag.',1
'i\'v never seen a rich white man want to be a poor white man either!',1
'anyone read the book "eric clapton"? try it, true story and tells it like it is. i have always liked eric but this book has left me with a great deal of respect for him with all he has gone through both good and bad. much of the bad by his own doing but you must read the book to understand the man.   great read !',1
'bah ha ha ha ha!!!!  reminds me of staying after school and doing 50 i will not chew gum in classes on the blackboard!!!',1
'source article says 6 are hers and that neighbor kids often go along on their own bikes.  i really admire this young lady, she is awesome!!!!',1
'have you ever been to any company who makes money by selling you something?     verizon wireless, any car dealership, etc....  they have dozens of sales people fighting to lock you into that nice neat little contract.  need some help, meet customer survice department, please take a number and feel free to eat sh!t and kill yourself',1
'hell no, the banks gambled more than they should and got bailed out... while paying bonuses all the while.  the citizens should be bailed out, just like iceland did... look it up.  the citizens pay the taxes that fund all this crap, which is totally mismanaged by our "representatives"!',1
'if i was hungry enough, yes. i would rather eat pink snapper though....if given a choice.',1
'for one, it\'s not a new invention - they\'ve been served at the alaska state fair for two years.',1
'no. it looks gross.',1
'hey, as long as it is nobody we know. just a cousin to guinea pig right?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.      \'         ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'pointing out that while many on this thread protest about racism, they are making racist comments of the highest order.  wake up old soldier, the proof is all around you.',1
'yes, some people are willing to pay a price for that unpredictable thing called "peace of mind".  for me, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.',1
'so has anyone ever had a donut?       they\'re soft and don\'t hold very well, no?!?       i would imagine this being a wet mess about 45 seconds after the patty hits the donut? now some sweet hawaiin bread and a burger, now you\'re talking!!!',1
'heterosexual people are fraudulent too.lot\'s of friviolous lawsuits. and about the molesting thing with children?.check the prisons. do you know how many  claimed heterosexual white(even married) men  are child molesters? i worked in the system, i know.      my point if people are going to stereoptype, get your facts straight. yes, people have the right to an opinion. yes, this is a comments site. it all can be done with tact. where is that ?     when you judge people without really knowing them,when you think you know everything and speak your mind and really don\'t anything that makes someone ignorant. ignorance and fear are the two leading factors to bullying.',1
'i dont think i could leave my best friend of 13 years and about half my life anywhere no matter what... the one who loves me unconditionally deserves the same in return... i love my dogs',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'thats true and i would think that the ticket is a court document and perjury charges should come from the bench.  that is also defamation of character and i\'m sure there is anquish and suffering to follow.  call me:    dewey, cheatem and howe    liars at law',1
'absolutely, and every organization in that time did the same.  it\'s coming back to bite them now, but it was the rationale of the time.  protect the image, protect the family reputation - everything but protect the kids.  everyone figured, you have a word with them and they\'ll straighten up.  move them if you have to, and give them a fresh chance to start over, but the thought was they\'d start over on a more positive path.  many did not.  i presume some did, but this is a perversion that goes deep.  these people are sick and you don\'t heal a sickness usually by a change of location - but then, you know, sometimes you do.',1
'you need saving?',1
'the clown didn\'t realize that you can only make racist remarks about white people',1
'actually i changed it before i read your idiocy, jackazz.  i usually skip over your insane little brainfarts.',1
'and i would have gone right back up with help and brought her back down safely. you don\'t leave an animal to die because it\'s difficult for you manage taking care of both of you.   she was left for eight days!!!!',1
'that\'s not a burger in my opinion, thats two dounuts with an egg and a meat patty.......looks sickening.',1
'even the honorable jesse jackson said someone cannot be racist against a white person - you are behind the times here don.',1
'yes, what else?  people who allergic know hey are allergic.  it\'s their responsibility.  now if the school refuses to "serve" pbj, that\'s their perogative.  but if mom sends peanut butter to school in a kids lunch, they should feel free to choose it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'no one is going to modify their use of anything with fragrance in it for you, and there certainly won\'t be any bans of it. wear a mask',1
'um seriously did this happen or are you just another internet crazy?',1
'and that is completely not true. stop getting your \'information\' from spam mail',0
'what language did you write that in because i can read or understand a word ? all caps is stupid too...! thugs might rule but should know how to write too i would think.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'seriously, how could anyone eat that thing?',1
'my position, i don\'t give a sh!t who it offends.  those people are out of their mind thinking their beliefs should never be offended.',1
'my god the ignorance, where do you people learn to spell.  get yourself educated.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'tried to refinance several times. "that is a no-no" the bank who holds the mortgage recommends to "stop" paying the mortgage. then, and only then, they may try to "help" (?) looks they don\'t listen to a   good standing payer.',1
'i think some would look nice wearing makeup. don\'t male actors, singers and even male models wear it? i\'ve seen alot of asian men wear it and they look so hot! i\'m not talking about homosexuality or transexual or bisexual. i mean just heterosexuals that can look just as good as the famous people who also wear it without anyone batting an eye. :d',1
'awesome!!',1
'i would call the person out just like he did. elementary and middle school children do mom insults. the troll needs to get a life.',1
'the gurglessss is you sillyiesssss you drink the ssemensss like a warm glasss of milksss yum yummy, ummmm. dripping off your chinss yummy, i love whensss you looks over the top of you glassesss while you sstares at me and wipesss it of ummmm.',1
'what about those male pedophiles who prey on little girls?  how do you classify those creeps?  there are female pedophiles who prey on little boys.  even some who prey on both boys and girls.       if you classify all gay men as pedophiles because some pedophiles prey on their same ses, then shouldn\'t you classify all straight men as pediophiles because some prey on the opposite sex??',1
'i used to like the droopy ones in national geographic......come  ​  on funny feeling!!!!',1
'hey, at least he aint a dumb, spoiled, thinks-he-is-rich kinda racist pos, so what else is news?',1
'if you were to watch the hole video its not 5 minutes left there were 6 minutes left and it switchedc to 5......pay attention before you write your comments',1
'that wasn\'t a cop, that was a meter-maid-man...',1
'sorry about your penis...............  ​ .',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'no ! no ! no ! no ! no !',1
'no! blacks make wise cracks about whites all the time! but people think that is funny! a black person can find some type of racial discrimination in any sentence that comes from a white mans mouth!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'your position is that msnnow is owned by people who are both gay and socialist?    link please?',1
'moses followed a pillar of fire, yep, i bet it looked like this.',1
'google "justice lewis powell\'s memo" if you care to learn the truth as to how the middleclass arrived in this situation.  wall street keeps 90% of the gain on your 401k or ira.  why do you think the gov has been pushing people into a 401k for 40+ years?  congress represents wall street well before the little guy, especially the republicans on the hill.....  know a wall street, big bank or big oil executive that is not republican?  me either.  some stuff is simply self-evident....  vote the republicans off the hill in november.  they simply don\'t represent you middleclass.....',1
'don\'t know why i should be surprised that some people don\'t care about others.  that\'s the way the world is, today.  someone might have a life-threatening reaction to a food i like?  why should my right to eat what i choose be less important than another\'s life?',1
'im not christian,im not right wing,in fact im very extreme left,full blown socialist....and i feel like a failure for not having gotten married yet...not due to any pressure from the outside,but due to my own personal feelings and desire not to be lonely....i am so very lonely     open yer mind...there are many reasons for most things,blaming everything on one group leads to you becoming ignorant by choice     not that i care about a piece of paper,marriage to me is simply two people making a commitment of love,however they choose to express it...i call it marriage',1
'my kind of girl,ibet u also share sports events with ur guy',1
'it\'s called humiliated. she deserves some restitution.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'it\'s amazing how almost all pd\'s in this country has turned this country into a police state..     you never see pigs out until the end of each month.  gee, i wonder why?',1
'truly a burger to die for and from.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'why not oct. thru dec. 31?  that should boost sales figures.',1
'one of the things germany has over the usa is they\'re smart enough to keep the mcrib on the menu year round.  yes, that\'s right, 365 days a year.  of course the national fast food is a concoction called curry-wurst, which is a sliced sausage, usually on top of fries, with curry sauce poured over it.  it was much tastier than it sounds, kind of like the german version of the canadian poutine.',1
'free speech ends when you are employed by someone.  you really should learn the law and how our constituion works before commenting on it.  i can scream any obscentiy i want when walking down the street.  if i do it at work i am fired.  so ends your lesson now go crack a book!',1
'old i disagree with u ugly people don`t have room for arrogance,lol',1
'you ever go to a concert or some large event and finding a legal parking spot is impossible. you see people parking in places they are not supposed to and all of them have tickets on their windshields. simple solution. park your car near them, take the ticket off someone elses car and put it on your car. works every time.',1
'one thing is for certain. obama has lost florida.     do you have any idea how many ringling brothers clowns are at their winter quarters in sarasota?     see qbama\'s not perfect. clowns are the one demographic he or biker joe didn\'t kiss butt to.',1
'sounds like you got mcscrewed.... you can get two mcdoubles for a $1 each, a small fry is still on the dollar menu so thats another dollar, any size sweet tea is also a dollar, the filet-o-fish no more then $4.  at my mcdonald\'s that is around $8 then some tax.     you must be kidding when you say this place won\'t be around much longer?!?! mcdonald\'s and cockroaches will be the last thing to leave the earth, and you know what they say, cockroaches will be very last.',1
'no. i am not a fan of royals, but even public people deserve a little respect and dignity. i do not like lawsuits either but in this case i thing it is warrented.',1
'they do both resemble slimy slugs.',1
'its okay for romney to be born "offshore" ie, cuba    wow i can make up complete lies too    lol',1
'so are the people who came up with it, as long as it\'s not served out of the cafeteria whats the big deal. most parents are smart enough to know if their kids had nut allergies and won\'t send anything harmful crap if they done that when i was in grade school over half the kids would have went hungry',1
'nope it is a show... fake ..',1
'really ? so its ok to make jokes about the cic or his wife ?       i wonder what you would say if that were a black comedian telling jokes about bush\'s wife',1
'abraham lincoln, "it better to be thought of as a fool, then to open your mouth and remove all doubt.',1
'that\'s a small sum for punitive damage...',1
'true, the capitalist gays, of which there are far more anyway, make far more sense.',1
'artiell1 no one cares what you think. all you\'re doing is posting gibberish that everyone basically ignores and moves onto the next post. try stepping away from your pc for just 5 minutes (gasp) and go and see the sun, get a breath of fresh air, even have a stretch. go ahead the internet will still be here when you get back. i promise',1
'no.  i have an iphone 4 and it serves me well. next one will probably be a samsung.',1
'yall are some dirty white people.  and for the guy who said monkey,  go back to the mountains your pale face ancestors came from.',1
'thats a big negative, mirage guy.  he would still be labeled a corporate centrist, except by folks with unsupportable but redundant agendas and their supreme cheerleader.',1
'you have to give them both a lot of credit. i wish people would stop joining the military. there hasn\'t been a war worth sacrificing yourself for in a long time.     these garbage politicians are simply playing pointless games with human lives.',1
'my son is highly allergic to peanuts and all nuts. when he was in elementary school he was bullied because he was small and wore glasses. he was threatened with peanut butter on the ends of kids fingertips. he also was held down on the playground and had peanut butter put on his face. some kids as we all know can be cruel at times. i wonder if this student perhaps threatened a kid with the sandwich and that is the reason why it was confiscated. i wish that people wouldn\'t judge without knowing the facts. i also wish that you could see how inhumane a lot of you sound. may god bless you and give you the understanding and knowledge that is needed for us to keep all of our children safe.',1
'typical how you racist morons and played out trolls practice your right to your freedom of speech to bash obama. but can\'t take the heat when i practice my right to do so as well..and deemfittobeacoward everyone here already knows your my puppet bi/*/*  so enjoy my puerto rican man-meat to your negro hearts content lmfao,lmfao,lmfao...  ​ thugs rule.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'x-movie-x, it\'s really no use, they hate everyone else with no discrimination (or education) in their hatred',1
'bankruptcy worked for me.',1
'i have a large dog that i rescued as a pup mix breed but has some chow for his mouth is black  and maybe mixed with husky he has been the best animal i have ever had and i have had lots because i am a dog lover, any way he has never shown any agression what so ever until a service man was coming in my back yard and i was runing to the back to unlock the gate and i guess he thought the man was after me[this was six yrs ago] any way he run infront of me growling and snarling until i told him its ok now he is almost ten never shown agression again until until recently a person came to my back gate yelled at me from the back to let me know he was there [he was a friend] and again i ran to let him in and again bobo run in front of me growling, what i\'m saying i guess when they feel you are in danger they feel the need to protect the one they love.i am not scared to stay by myself because i know he will let me know if anyone or anything is out side that should not be. one of my worst fears is when i lose him! he is my guardian angle.',1
'why did you single out americans?        the bbc broke this story.... "secret bbc cameras nabbed merchants at ridley road market unloading what they called "shocking" amounts of the illicit bush meat, along with other nausea-inducing items such as "smokies,"       now you should say westerners to be correct. sorry but we dont find rat appealing.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'dickie-leaks?',1
'lets not and say i did you freaking stalker.',1
'@zflynn3  love the post. thanks for the laugh. :-d',1
'sure, when the zombies come that me be the only thing left to eat',1
'it looks like he is on his phone to me.',1
'what if it wasnt just a joke? 0.0',1
'i think the guy writing the ticket should be imprisoned.',1
'this white woman will blow your f-ing brains out...that\'s right, don\'t worry about my husband, boyfriend or dog, i\'m the one that will blow your black a$$ right off the face of the earth, yep, my gun\'s that big.',1
'when they went to digital i lost all but one station & that is a uhf station. i would gladly buy an expensive antenna to avoid paying but that would do no good.',1
'deep fry the whole thing and then put a large scoop of ice cream with it, then yes, i\'d eat it.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'really looking forward to the return of this program!!  one of my favorites.',1
'for me, i\'m in a blind trust.  i\'ve jumped out and back in to the high risk funds several times this year.  my co-worker and i both started out the year with nearly the same amount in our plans.  he stayed safe and never moved his money around.  i played the risks and moved in and out.  the timing was good at times and not so good other times.  bottom line is; my funds have doubled, his funds remain on the low, very low side.  i think the bubble is going to burst very soon so i think i\'ll get out why the getting is good before it goes away.  hide in the safe funds until the dust clears next year, if it will be next year...',1
'no!',1
'washington d.c. needs a mastectomy, remove and replace man b.o.ob 2012 r & r          romney/ryan 2012 tell your friends',1
'i haven\'t but my wife was pulled over in orange beach al after pulling out of our condo parking lot and going less than 600 feet.  they said they were chasing her for a while and clocked her at 110 miles per hour.  this was a racket because they know people are leaving in the next few weeks and can\'t fight the ticket because it would cost more than the ticket to come baack there.',1
'they\'d have to pay me to eat that....ewwww',0
'heart attach waiting to happen when you finish eating this so called donut burger.',1
'he is squirting on a pic of mitt the twit',1
'roid rage lol',1
'does it surprise anyone that wal-mart is involved in this story? the same wal-mart that issues a "lifetime" ban to a 4 year old, has sold food unfit for human consumption, poisoned dog food, has violated labor laws, has been guilty of sex and race discrimination, and violated fire codes. can anyone tell me why any thinking person continues to shop at this despicable chain?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'he should have taken a crap on obama ..',1
'...i have.',1
'i just saw that \'boondocks\'.  one of the darkest episodes, but still funny.',1
'awww, whats a little fresh water despoiled and one major aquifer endangered?  we can always desalinate seawater...',1
'i don\'t think that\'s a very good title. if they are really good we much perfer them as shows rather than a movie simply because they last much longer that way, and you can get more indepth with the story line of a show than you ever can with a movie. a show can go on for years where as a movie is limited to approx. 2 hours. so, if it\'s really good i would want more not less. which is also why i find it crazy that movie stars think they are better than tv shows because if they are really good actors i would really like to see them all year round in shows rather than wait sooooooo long for their next movie to come out.',1
'aparently the writer has never watched several of these shows. if he did he would understand why they wuld not work as movies. walking dead would be a horrible movie as it would be over too quick, watching these characters grow is the main appeal of this show. game of thrones...come on. i\'m guessing you have\'nt read the novels. might work if it was only a triology like lotr, but it doesn\'t appear to be stopping any time soon.',1
'that, sir, is dangerously close to unshakable logic, and the liberal press will have none of that!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the richest and smartest investors, invest with debt. risk someone elses money, trade on margin etc. this article was an opinion, and provided nothing factual, and the majority of people commenting here have no idea how to really make money',1
'i stopped pirating music years ago.  between me, family, and friends i am fully covered and i am also at the age where 99% of all new music sucks.  well, almost all new music does in fact suck today, regardless of age, but that is neither here nor there.',1
'pax, someday, when you grow up, you\'ll realize money in no way equals happiness...the old adage is very very true....',1
'good thing mama wasn\'t around. cute footage anyways!',1
'wow ! the above poster must have thought long and hard to come up with that post.....smh',1
'i\'m not saying i don\'t care...actually, i do.  but again...it\'s your  responsibility and your child\'s to stay away from peanut-related products.  it\'s your  responsibility to make sure your kid doesn\'t share food...washes his/her hands, uses an inhaler.  god...i have to use an inhaler.  it\'s really pretty simple.  if your kid was allegergic to paint...would you insist that all of the walls in your school-church-house-  ​ friend\'s house....be stripped of all paint?  use some common sense here!',1
'can anyone name one president that was able to keep peace in this region...and do we all forget why were there in such a heavy force in the first place. in my life time i can tracr it al the back to daddy bush. no matter what you say, you can\' place the entire blame on the presidents shoulders.',1
'yes...and all presidents have been talked about',1
'seekriders (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'i love boobies',1
'if she was betty jordan from spokane, wa, would the magazine buy the pictures and publish 19 pages of blurry photos? no. but because she is to be the future queen, then all sense of decency and decorum is forgotten. greed rules the day - aren\'t we proud. if no one bought these rags then no one would profit, and maybe all this nonsense of taking compromising pictures of celebrities and royals would end.',1
'photo no. 4 is my favorite.  i think i\'ve seen this contortionist on agt.',1
'you have got to be kidding me,its the worst fast food sandwitch ever created',1
'if you have read the comic books you should know that they could have made this into a movie but chose a tv series so they could tell the story more completely and develop the characters fully. a movie would have been a jumbled 1 1/2 hour mess instead of a deep and gripping show.',1
'can you say muslims?',1
'he probably was preparing himself for life in the unknown.',1
'liberal means open-minded. look it up. it doesn\'t mean \'lets ban allergens because one in a hundred thousand might get sick or die\'.     actually, this school, by banning and confiscating pb&j is being the exact opposite of liberal.',1
'looks like he\'s texting',1
'i\'m worried about all the antibiotic-resistant  ​  bugs.       growing up, my pediatrician was part of the problem, giving me antibiotics every time i had a sore throat, without taking a culture.        and all the antibiotics routinely given to cows and chickens.  we\'ve genetically engineered these superbugs.',1
'its an epidemic,we axed teachers here in warrenton va and hired boo ku cops to ticket people,they are making $ hand over fist for the town and are everywhere.',1
'happily single. retiring from 41 years of working. good bank account. never married. not looking to get married. 61 years old. no debts. totally hetero. never bothers with married women, or women stuck with kids or grandkids. own 2 nice cars, and beautiful apt. come and go, whenever & wherever, i please. no nagging. doing good!  bottom line: "i can do bad all by myself!"',1
'new jazz prospecting up over at tom hull\'s site.',1
'pissing?  breastfeeding?  what\'s the difference?  they\'re both \'natural occurrences\' and should be allowed to be viewed by the public.  right?  sex is a natural function (and necessary for the propagation of life) so should it be public?  no.  what if he\'d been taking a dump?  where do we draw the line on freedoms?  people are just weird and want their weirdness supported by fools who will take up a cause to support freedom.  i\'m glad i\'m not human.',1
'you didn\'t answer the question.',1
'not only do singles have to pay full price for everything (instead of half, if shared with another person), and not only do they have to go ahead and plan to shoulder retirement expenses alone, but they don\'t get the wedding gifts and cash that couples receive to start their lives together, plus anniversary gifts, etc.  so being single means you get penalized with more expenses, fewer social and economic support from friends family.',1
'no.',1
'ever notice who runs the localities with the most public employee corruption? think about it...',1
'i\'m three hours late, but: thank you, sir!',1
'no its not his fingers are! and you can get his middle one!',1
'wit wackos like her. not a chance.',1
'good fire the racist sob!',1
'all my votes belong to the beatles!',1
'ok, lets see here. rodeo clown. first lady. who has made a better life for themselves?  who is now out of a job? and who here thinks any romney would get anything from playboy if her husband wasn\'t running for president? also, did he really think this joke was funny? i also think he should be able to say what he wants...just maybe not ot loud at work. umm..were your boss can hear you. just saying.     these are the questions i asked myself when i read this story...what do you think?',1
'we already let you have the ugly ones.  lol   ever notice    big black guy with    an ugly white ho   lol       remember there really is no difference between  white  trailer trash rednecks and the ghetto hood.  they just think there is   !   lol  lol  lol',1
'pandora is awesome too.  you can also convert youtube vids into mp3s and play them on your comp.... free! :d',1
'it\'s not that bad for you if its only once in a while. you would never want to eat one of those more than once every few months. eat it as a treat, and keep the rest of your diet in check between feasting on one of those.',1
'have you ever heard of "playstation butt"??????',1
'most school do have an allergy section in the lunch room. i think this school just needs to review this policy every year based on the student body.  some schools are just behind the times.',1
'maybe they\'re trying to look good so they can attract someone like "excellent horse-like lady". she rocks! i\'d love to see excellent horse-like lady with linkin park...',1
'your right! after the last 31/2 years of this commie in chief no more clowns are necessary!!!',1
'they should\'ve invested in lifeboats for the tsunami.',1
'never even heard of this show, lol.',1
'floridiots!',1
'the ban to a four year old was safeway.',1
'since michele oboma is as big a racist as anyone around ("all this for a damn flag") i think it\'s only fitting that the bimbo be called exactly what she is. a racist/socialist/com  ​ munist b..ch.',1
'a bunch of crude american (use the term loosely) remarks.  all of you should get a life.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'guess you owe that principal from texas an apology',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'i haven\'t heard anything new in a long time.  kanye (clown) west  and his used bitch is all there i hear about (same sht different day everyday) ..',0
'i guess the writer of this article failed to notice that the individual writing the ticket is just a parking enforcement agent and not a cop.  the id badge clearly says ladot, not lapd.',1
'finkbeiner is a small time jerry brown or govenor moonbeam from california.',1
'actually, you can have a reaction without eating the food in question.  i\'ve seen it happen.',1
'as i read some of the comments regarding this matter, i can only be dismayed at the disgusting nature of some people. i presume each of you like to fashion yourselves as devout patriotic americans, but patriotism also encompasses respect for the office of the president.  each of you who deride the president for this rather embarrassing episode (for the individual, not the president) exhibit shameless disrespect, callous disregard for the office this individual holds (regardless of one\'s political inclinations).   as one individual mentioned, "it looks like he is texting".... perhaps he was.  with such a possibility, this only heightens the ignorance and hate-mongering of those individuals of so llittle sophistication.',1
'i tried sitting through the pilot episode of tvd and fell asleep...elena gilbert is bella 2.0 (i don\'t care whether or not twilight or tvd came out first, elena is still a mary sue clone of bella to me) and her "witch friend" is so cliche.     plus the "supernatural love triangle featuring a human woman and two supernatural hotties" has already been done to death - don\'t beat a dead horse with a stick further by making it into a movie.    tv and rl already has its "hot vampire couple" - sookie stackhouse (anna paquin) and bill compton (stephen moyer).      true blood > tvd',1
'ummmmm, and are we going to at some point compare this to the "cost" of being "obese" (which is also a "choice")?  this is one of those things which demonstrates that taking something out of context without comparing it to other factors means . . . well, pretty much nothing.     i am quite sure that a single person who is smart enough to take on a roommate probably doesn\'t have a lot of other issues.  a single person who is smart enough to take that extra cash not spent on a dependent (if the single person has no or fewer dependents than a married person) and put it away for the future would have no issues.     it simply cannot be true that a man who marries and has many dependents (including supporting a stay-at-home wife) is worse off than a single man who stays that way, with no dependents, and puts his money away. while it could well be true ',1
'it\'s his life. only he can say whether or not he acted recklessly. but he did make a decision to perform a play against ugandan law. now he has to face the consequences of his decision and actions.',1
'well, like i said this is why everyone hates you, homo.',1
'a$$',1
'in a rational society you don\'t rip up money even if you think it\'s fake..you put it in a plastic baggy and hand it over to the authorities.',1
'pig lover says what?',1
'freedom of speech.  this is america.  he is free to say what he wants, and we are free to disagree with him.',1
'hey $hit brick. whenit comes to brain power your post tells it all. (oxy-moran)',1
'i think most people are stupid, all of u commenting on this saying  ooooo waaaaaa my kid cant eat pb and j, big deal so manny other thing to take for lunch. most of you are probably lazy parents that dont want to make lunch and pb&j is easy. i have two kids with severe allergiess to peanut butter and i tought them what not to eat but doesnt mean all parents do, if my kids cant eat something in school cause other kids have allergies big deal, eat it when you come home,  i will tell them to stop being crybabies like most of you.',1
'who isn\'t!  the iphone5 is just incredible - thinner, lighter easier to use. my life was incomplete until the iphone5 came out. for the first time in my life i feel a great sense of joy, satisfied and have achieved inner peace and contentment. if everyone could just hold this phone in the palm of their hand the world would be at peace, crime would be non-existent and global warming would no longer be a threat to us all.',1
'is anyone really surprised by this?   i would argue that the "big banks" made more money by not participating!   disorganization and understaffing?   they had enough people to write the loans, why wouldn\'t they have enough to modify them?       more bs if you ask me...',1
'amen roscoebrat! in virginia, a child died at school and these insensitive morons have no compassion. why is it that even restaurants feel it necessary to mention peanuts, shell fish products, etc on their menus? its because they dont want to unknowingly cause someone\'s death by not disclosing what\'s in the food. schools should be just as considerate to the children suffering from life-threatening nut allergies.',1
'the guy should have been standing closer to the prez... and facing him. ba-dum-dum!  (someone was going to say it at some point)  ;-)',1
'if they work as a clown',1
'she was not in sight of the road, except by high power lenses.  a person just walking by could not have seen her.  she or anyone else in the situation has a right to privacy.',1
'to all those hatful whites out there black america dont own no missiles that are pointed at you they did blow up the world trade center they are not jumping up and down sayn death to america those that are out to destroy you have figured you out you are so concern with black america they have snuck in the back door on you and is causing you to lose your f- mind.',1
'the first what pax? actor or adult raised by gay men?',1
'what\'d you mean "fade"??? it will, and it has, meanwhile while the mideast burns down along with our embassies, what is the complete and total destruction of the united states financially and the mideast mean??? to put it simply and succinctly, barrack hussein obama is the muslim\'s biggest wet dream ever!! he\'s done more damage than osama bin laden ever could, osama caused billions in damage and obama caused trillions in damage to this country, the biggest enemy of the state is the state!! until nov that is!',1
'would you eat the donut burger?    yes, but only if someone else paid for it.  seriously, $9.95 for a burger, egg, slice of cheese and two doughnuts?  they can go pound sand.',1
'rat- and this is worse than having paper currency how? the only difference is you can wipe your **** with paper currency and gold just smears it... ill take my chances with gold!',1
'it sure is better than the trickle up poverty obama has given us.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'where\'s the bacon?',1
'are you the same "someone" posting spam datingsites?',1
'regarding the comment from billandrews:  how much intellect does one have to have when they become president & first lady but surrender  their law licensces to the court? does anyone have any credible answer for this action! therre surely is more to this than meets the eye. please - no democratic liberal bs,     56flyers',1
'i\'ve never heard a white racist joke in my life!! am i missing something here?',1
'i have to believe his meter was expired,,the guy is a douche,,that being said,,,63 dollars for an expired meter ! screw you! what is the max amount that meter can make a day? then divide that by what time of day it is,and even then you have to suppose that person would park there the whole day,,,,,,how about 20 dollars? a 20 dollar ticket is fair,,who passed these laws/ the people?  no way! people lets put into a bill a new law and pass it by popular vote.  i beleive this law was passed in the middle of the night on thanksgiving or christmas when no opposition was present,,,,screw you mayor of los angeles,and all across the country,,we have grown weary of your theft and bullying',1
'like the starburst comercial?',1
'mortgage rates may be low but it is almost impossible to get a loan or refinance.  last year i had to provide 64 pages of documentation and wait 5 months to refinance.  this is with a 800+ credit score and ample assets financing 30% (irs limitations) of the homes value. previously i could get a loan or refinance on a handshake. these are requirements posted by freddy and fannie.  banks no longer write their own loans because they will fail the federal stress test and be sold under the new federal requirements.  all mortgage loans have to go though federal funding or private investors.  now, reread the article and you will see that it was the federal government and not the banks that made these programs fail.',1
'your mom makes my penis disappear.',1
'and that from laurel345.  the idjit that is so tarded they regularly punk themselves with their post.  (but are too stupid to realize it)',1
'fire the employee\'s and shut down that walmart store now! tearing up a federal bank note is a federal crime!! these walmart employee\'s are total snobs!!',1
'mmm looks  good',1
'i hate that every time something racist happens we have to hear about it. who cares,  people can say what they want. it does not bother me. people need to stop being so offended about everything. people need to cool the hell down',1
'i have been writen bogus tickets before,but now when i park somewhere i put on a bogus license plate,and this way when i get a ticket,i could rip it up and lieve it by the spot where i gotten the ticket.   or if you dont have one just take the plate off completely and just let them white you 2 tickets,it doesnt matter,because your not paying them anyway.oh yah,make sure you cover up the vin. number with a piece of paper too.   also if you happened to get a boot on your car for parking ticket,a friend of mine told me how to get them off.believe me it works.if its on tight,try and make it loose,by either moving it forward a little bit or with a crowbar and wiggle it loose.then get to the air stem and deflate the tire all the way,but make sure you have a" fix a flat" can with you to inflate the tire a little bit later.( if you notice the boot is mostly held on be the bulge of the tire).once the tire is flat all the way,you might have to jack up the front end alittle because its to far down.once you do that you can use the crowbar to move the front of the boot away from the tire and rim,and slide it off completely.you will remove the bo',1
'first off, have you contacted your current lender?  i was through wells fargo, and got a lower rate directly from them just because they wanted to keep me as a good customer (i also had a good payment history).  maybe your lender is willing to do the same.  i went from 6% to 5%, and then paid the house off 2 years later.  at the time, my refi was for $67k or so, which is obviously more than you are looking for, but it still wasn\'t a huge amount of money.    is it possible for you just to pay the thing off over the next few years?  i just drove a cheap car, and put the savings toward the mortgage.  even a $100 or $200 extra every month would help you.',1
'i\'m overcome with nausea when obama speaks!',1
'a$$',1
'awww, wwe star wrestlers are trained, scripted or not they have to be. take it to the ring and get over it, unless her boyfriend is a woosie. moove on ...',1
'that\'s for human pigs.',1
'no, but their reaction to a single peanut-butter and jelly sandwich is. i have multiple food allergies and have sat in the same room as kids eating the same food that i couldn\'t my entire school life. all the child needs to know is not to give or trade his sandwich to anybody else and that it is just for him to eat. plain and simple.',1
'missed that my volume\'s down',1
'i have "adopted" a foreclosure kitty.  we bought a house, and she started coming around.  naturally, since i\'m a sucker for animals, i bought a case of fancy feast at costco.  another case after that and she\'s getting a little chubby.  animals bring joy, and i wish that people would treat them better.',1
'i want to time how long it takes for this to get to reddit',1
'no that looks disgusting.',1
'as funny as wop boxers, mouthy tony.',1
'lets try to find a meaningful, long lasting, successful relationship based off finding others whom are financially well off through a website. seriously people?! get real.... no wonder the divorce rate is what it is.',1
'i don\'t think anyone should wear make-up. as a society we should make one another feel comfortable in their own skin. intelligence is power!',1
'i thought it  was pretty funny ,wonder if jane goodall will get the documentary',1
'well if you find the right person who will help you and take on responsibilities with you it will work.  if all the problems rest with one person it\'s not fair.  it seems one person does it all and the other doesn\'t do crap, except complain.  i rather have a good night sleep instead of arguing all the time about bills, about sex, about money, the laundry, whatever it is.  so stay single and save your money, go see the world, and live with someone.  that piece of paper changes everything.',1
'these have been served at the kentucky state fair for years....with krispy kreme donuts.',1
'what an **** you are.... everything has to turn political? no matter what the story is about? thats why he will be there another 4 years, republicans have problems reading stories, and figuring out the content before they reply',1
'earn millions a year and you can too!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yes dumbpeople looks just like her.',1
'people in ohio.  i went to a concert at a place called riverbend its outdoors,  it was a great concert with the exception of the thousands of idiots from ohio.  they were pizzing right in front of women and young girls, drunk bazturdz.  pathetic efing state.',1
'i guess if they did not fire the guy the blacks would start rioting in every major city in the u.s.',1
'my daughter was 5 when we moved to poland.  she totally understood what she could and couldn\'t eat.  she also knew that if there was any doubt not to eat it.  the teachers didn\'t seem to understand how serious a nut allergy could possibly be. they don\'t seem to have food allergies there like here.  they also don\'t have all the processed modified foods we have here so that is why they seemed clueless about food allergies when i talked to all of the teachers.  one day on the bus back from pe/swim lessons a parent brought donuts.  the pe teacher asked sara if she wanted one and when she asked "do they have any nuts?" his response was "i don\'t know, take a bite and see".  i knew it was my responsibility to teach her what she needed to know to stay safe.  she knew not to taste the donut, yes even at 5 years old.  they wrapped one up for her and she brought it home to see if she could have it.  if she had a severe enough allergy that just breathing nuts could kill her i would have been with her 24/7.  responsibility for ourselves and teaching responsibility to our children is sorely lacking anymore in this country.',1
'a young relative of mine is a school teacher and i can\'t believe what she goes through to get a job.  because she is around children, the interview questions are so intrusive, you\'d never believe it.  i don\'t know how anyone can be a teacher these days catering to everyone\'s individual needs, as well as the school board, the principal, and the parents, etc.  when i went to school, if you had a problem, you dealt with it, not the whole school.  they didn\'t serve breakfast and lunch at my school - you went home for an hour.  there was no child care offered to teenage mothers and no birth control either.  schools didn\'t deal with those things.  there was a completely separate school for sick and disabled kids.  maybe they should go back to that, so nobody can b*tch and complain.  it would be  probably be cheaper to home school all the kids - no overhead, no school buses, no free breakfast and lunch and any kid injured at home can\'t sue the school.  i think it\'s the wave of the future.',1
'not at all.  perhaps tell him not to do it again.  but really when did it happen they we analyze everything said?  i saw tracy morgan do his stand up act and he did white jokes and women jokes, but i do not remember anyone getting all upset and walking out.  we laughed.  come america we can\'t be politically correct 24/7.',1
'what an amazing and wonderful story.  never was taken to the cemetary before, wow.   that dog is so beautiful.  ah, the mysteries of life are astounding and thought provoking.  you know there are tears aplenty around here.',1
'so what about all the years when a white person got the job somply because they were white ? so you mad because you now know how it feels.......ha ha ha',1
'i travel all over the world and have eaten many, many things. i\'ve eaten rat, dog, cat, snake, turtle, crab eggs, sea cucumber, water buffalo, muskrat, beaver, bear, bee larvae, scorpion, water beetles, and many other critters. just because you think it\'s disgusting doesn\'t mean other cultures find it disgusting.   we\'re okay with putting to sleep 50 million dogs and cats annually and incinerating them? why not eat them? disposing of them is what is disgusting!',1
'"twit-slapped"?? seriously?',1
'agreed! and saving money is certainly not worth marrying the wrong person!',1
'i don\'t.  i\'m just a huge fan of music and have musicians in my family.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what makes me laugh is all this union worker bashing.  the dash rattles must be a union worker problem right?       doesnt anyone realize the union doesnt engineer the parts?  they only assemble the vehicles.  so if the parts werent designed to fit together properly then they wont fit properly and its the engineers fault not the uaw worker that is putting them together.       ever build a model kit?  if the parts didnt fit together well and had a gap did you blame yourself because you put it together?  no?  it was who designed the kit right?  there you go.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'what would make them more civilized? more gays? dude, that is so contradictory it\'s funny, as being gay is, actually, about as far from civilized as a person can get....(based on the true actual meaning of civilized, not a distorted definition made up to make everyone feel civilized :)',1
'another mathematically challenged american!  it\'s the ratio of taxes to earnings that is relevant, not the underlying amounts.  someone that earns a 10 million but only pays $500,000 may be paying more taxes than someone who makes $40,000 and is only taxed $30,000 but the big spender is only being taxed at a rate of 5% while the little guy in this example is being taxed at 75%.  so, after taxes, the little guy in this example only has 25% of his income left to spend while the big guy has 95%.  why should the little guy have to give a greater portion of his earnings to the government than the big guy?  america\'s educational system has failed us completely!',1
'great show just as it is.',1
'some more of that 3rd hand info that usually is not true! why do you waste your time writing a stupid comment like this?',1
'a$$',1
'you would have to be properly educated to achieve that wage. plus, you would have to be in demand.   it\'s that logic that other people from other countries and take jobs...an honest day\'s labor is better than one from greed.',1
'wont ever happen. my mom and i don\'t use the interweb. i\'d like to add that i\'ve never heard of this pop group .',1
'why are you harrasing me? what have i ever done to you?',0
'no',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'dumber than a bag of hair.',1
'i know right jeremy!  either people know it all here..and are opposed to hear from anyone else.  or..if i complain about our president...i am an ignorant republican and a racist.   oh well....      thanks volcker.  gonna have to study what you have written for a bit and get back to ya.!  appreciate the feedback and wisdom.     see if i can\'t educate myself.',1
'jason --http://goo.gl/b3ni  ​ 3',1
'i don\'t understand this post.  who the hell cares if he is fired. why not just take money out your wallet, i guess if he needs it, that would be o.k. too.',1
'i don\'t mean this to be racist and it certainly doesn\'t apply to most black people but michelle looks like a monkey. seriously, you take her to the zoo and i\'ll bet the zookeepers take her and put her in a cage with the other monkeys. i can see why the rodeo clown thought she belonged in national geographic. it was funny.',1
'tv shows that should be movies and you picked honey boo boo as one? this list was put together by morons.',1
'your a joke. no corrupt cops or government in this country.',1
'it is **** not azz dummy. also it is their not there as well. please try going back to school and getting your 5th grade level diploma before calling someone else dumb.',1
'does anyone get taken in by these bullshirt ads?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'just remember if you download illegally (free), whether it\'s music, movies, tv shows, etc, it is not just the artist you\'re stealing from, it\'s all the people who work for the artist, studio and everyone down stream from them.  this includes the average joe who works at the music/movie store.  you wonder why concert ticket prices are so high?  this is why.  touring is the only way musicians can make any money because so many people are stealing their art.  it\'s bad for our economy.       get off your butt, get in the car and go to the music store and buy the cd or movie!!!  support your favorite artists!',1
'if she disrobed within sight of a public road, then only she is to blame.',1
't-man, did i mention anywhere in my post that the phone costs $700.00?  you were probably one of those persons that spent a lot of time in line trying to purchase one.',1
'i\'ve been single for 40 years..(63 now..female and heterosexual.) and i\'ve traveled the world...spent every dime i ever made...enjoyed life....then at 55 i said; hello....retirement is in the horizen...and you\'re definitely going to be single....i make a 100k a year now..... (high school diploma....but quite smart ....and work in the technology world in sales...).       started getting serious...put 150k in 401k in 8 years....working till i\'m 70 so i can max out my ss....i will be fine...   if i had to do it all over again...i don\'t think i would have changed a thing!..except of course not cashed out all those 401k\'s!!......i\'ve done everything i\'ve ever wanted to do....did not have children and love my life......but certainly i am the exception i\'m sure.   ',1
'eloquent mstk5. one question. how many whites make a hatful ?',1
'seekriders (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'since they went to digital i can only get one uhf channel. i would gladly buy an expensive antenna but that would do no good.',0
'no.. but it doesn\'t take away her class and dignity in any way. it just makes them look sleazy.',1
'a$$',1
'jayjay, really most united states citizens don\'t give a damn about republican or not and contrary to your opinion don\'t think he is doing a great job.  it has nothing to do with his color and everything to do with his socialist ideologies.  for example:  he believes in dispersing the wealth "taxing wealthier citizens at higher tax percentages."  do simple math please:  you make 20,000 and get taxed 20% and you pay $4,000 (we all know after write offs nobody that makes 20k even pays this much!!!     now take someone who makes $2 million per year and tax them the exact same 20% rate and they pay $ 400,000.     who pays for who???  stop hating wealthy people that saved and worked hard to accomplish one form of the american dream.  socialism stinks and its smell is all over the world in many countries where it doesn\'t work and their citizens end u',1
'a child needs a mother and a father, you\'re right.    and they need those parents to make enough money to provide a decent living; provide a supportive, quiet home; etc.    according to "what a child needs," since that\'s good enough reason to make gay marriage/adoption illegal, then what should also be illegal are parents having children without enough money to afford themselves let alone the kids; any home that isn\'t perfectly supportive and quiet it should be illegal to have kids in; etc.    who\'s with me?  only married, heterosexual, well-adjusted, well-off parents should be legally allowed to have kids?',1
'i luv picture 14!!!  cozy kitty!!',1
'here\'s another charge the defendant with attempted murder or assault with a deadly sandwhich . or some such nonsence. expell the kid lock it up forever',1
'is it just me, or is the duchess more appealing now than she was last week?',1
'thanks buster - hell, i probably even know you....',1
'jack black might chase you down and throw the lp at you.  oh, that\'s right.  can\'t get music in that format most likely.',1
'horrific family and show.',1
'make an example of the kid and it\'s parents take all thier property and make them homeless then they can eat peanuts . if that\'s what the homeless shelters serving',1
'4,  12,  2,  15.   in that order     they are all very cute.',1
'beware of us dirty cops!  cameras work both ways!',1
'any more than two tattoos - you\'re a scumbag!',1
'barb...are you a rapper?',1
'well hopefully it is all on camera. people do weird stuff sometimes.',1
'meh...he\'s a liberal.  he\'s not peeing in the grass...he\'s a "performance artist excercising his free speech rights"',1
'amazing what you can teach them. my pom likes to wake my husband up at 3 am to get a treat because he did it once.',1
'hmmmmmm.    soooooooo?    he wasn\'t properly vetted?    bwaaaaahaaaaaaaa!    it\'s not like the whole show isn\'t a wretched comedy anyway.',1
'i take actors\' opinions as seriously as i do others who write on these boards.',1
'michelle is a big girl..she can handle it.  that\'s what intelligent people do, they ignore the idiots. it is our constittional right to have opinions and say what we think, even if it is stupid...i support the 1st, and stupid stuff may come with it at times.',1
'i would    t w a t   slap dr. dubury',1
'in holland during wwii cats were referred to as \'roof rabbits\'. nom-nom, apparently.',1
'kevin -- everett\'s comments (and thank you for that link) strike me as personal rather than political.  he strikes me as someone who is very bitter at the consequence of being a trailblazer -- lauded for coming out, but shut out of hollywood -- and feels like his mother, at heart, wishes he was straight.  rejection from your parents is a big deal for anyone -- i wouldn\'t begrudge everett for that.  i think at heart, he knows the fault for lack of acceptance is within himself.  (isn\'t his addiction to plastic surgery a clue?)  hopefully, some day he will be at peace with that.     now, as for kael, i don\'t get that same feeling.  with her it strikes me as political.     i once had a college girlfriend who was israeli.  she told me this harrowing story of missing a bombed bus by one stop.  now, that was an awful story to hear, and unquestionably worse to have lived. but on the other hand, i don\'t agree wit',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh larry, fox news gives all of us a voice that don\'t agree with all the other liberal media propaganda machines',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the issue with racism really has notting to do with me or you .. as we have dragged this around for what 200+ years to which i wasn\'t even born or (native america) but yet we are branded as such because someone has to anwser for wrong doing by others that are no longer of the living to which i had no part of , but being white and from the south i am branded as such .',1
'believe me we would like nothing more, then we can sit back and watch you self destruct none of your opinions make any damn sence.',1
'loved it.  laughed through the whole thing.',1
'over the years, youll have really started to suck big time, when i was a kid, i loved the big macs, they were big at  a buck 50, now they shrunk and cost twice as much.',1
'like msnnow i only take actors\' opinions seriously when i agree with them, and i dimiss their opinions when i don\'t agree with them.... ;-)',1
'this guy is too stupid to be a clown  even clueless lyin willardo\'s mexican daddy knew what he would be like when he grew up so he gave him his first name "willardo" after the large movie rat. he gave him his middle name after an old baseball glove that they found in the family outhouse that was full of shxt. they shortened lyin willardo\'s first name to willard and their last name from robberos to romney when they smuggled little lyin willardo over here from his birthplace in tijuana.       he is now known by most people as mitt robme.       it is amazing how these right wing nuts believe that clueless lyin willardo, the mexican mormon moron, in any way is going to do anything but destroy our country again. he is going to eliminate regulations so that his corporate criminal ma',1
'we should\'ve just let the big banks fail',1
'i think i\'ve found his replacement.  his name is deemed not fit for society.  instead of a barrel, though, might i suggest a cardboard box?  he\'s just stupid enough to go for it.',1
'never missed a payment or was never late.  lost job, tried to work with wells fargo. had a mortgage where you could pay interest only but deferred interest was added to mortgaged amount.  as rates went up we increased our payments.  started sending additional amounts to make sure balance on mortgage would start going down.  spoke with w.f. to get a fixed rate.  did not happen or w.f. actually wouldn\'t work with us until we stopped paying mortgage.  we didn\'t want to do this but it became obvious this was the only way to get w.f. to talk with us.  wife went to a convention in a.c. and people were getting new mortgage rates and banks were working to help people.  w.f. wouldn\'t help and when questioned on what we needed to do they were not forthcoming.  wife asked if we should stop paying mortgage and they told her not to do that while they blinked an eye at her. w.f. finally started to talk with us. told to send in refinancing papers.  after sending in refinance information, we were denied again.  we make to much money.  reapplied by just changing income and denied again.  we don\'t make enough. 3rd time we knew what was to high of a number and what was to low.  submitted an income fi',1
'and this is racist, how?  it was clearly a stupid joke imho.  anyone who sees this as racist against mo is just trying to make something out of nothing and pandering to supposed white guilt.  the joke could have referred to two white or two black women, one of whom is a bit better looking than the other.  again, stupid joke, but certainly not racist.',1
'that\'s a good point.  you\'ve seen "high fidelity," right?  hilarious.  he works in a music store and harasses a kid for stealing bad music.  one of my favorite scenes ever.',1
'i\'m serious.  it\'s just like whole foods!   hey, afro, where do you think you\'re goin?   this is indie, bro!',1
'sorry **** pigs',1
'i just got a ticket for "running a red light" that had changed yellow as i was passing through it.  the cop asked if i knew why he pulled me over and i stated that i didn\'t.  he then told me i ran a red light, i argued with him that it was yellow, but oh well.  now i got to waste a couple of hours in court fighting it since he couldn\'t even see the light from his perspective!  and i took pics and video to prove it.  corrupt, corrupt, corrupt!  how many times have any of you seen a cop run a light or stop sign???',1
'come on people stop being the food police, whether it\'s good or bad for ones diet is for that person to decide not you or the first lady.  so get off telling people how to run their lives and start telling them how to save this country from becoming a socialist dystopia.',1
'stupid.',1
'i\'ve had an arm (adjustable rate mortgage) in the past -- even when rates went down my payment went up.  these corrupt banks never lower the payments for the consumer -- so don\'t think that because rates went down that benefit was passed onto the homeowner.  it\'s just more profit for the bank.',1
'i think this is so stupid, if wal-mart pays her the 74k for this i will never shop at another wal-mart again, it is all about greed on her part. if the store made the mistake then the store should give her back her $200.00 and maybe let her have what she was going to get on the house, but come on 74k. every time somebody is treated in a way that they don\'t like it is always lets have a lawsuit, people need to understand that this is life and things happen... people grow up and get over your self...',1
'when i was in nursing school, we had 2 guys in my class.  one was married to a woman, with kids, and one was flamboyant and probably gay.  not all men in stererotypically gay roles are gay.  this is punishing everyone who wants to take these classes.',1
'fast food and healthy in the same sentence? interesting venture for sure.',1
'did the messiah mention? the viloence in other countries by terrorist who he supports  with his weak foreign policies? chicago big teacher\'s union on strike even though they  are one of the worst performing schools are already make 70,000 plus benefits and  chicago is broke and murder capital of the us? gmc is bankrupt? his protesters are  at it again and being arrested for breaking laws him n holder don\'t enforce? fast n furious?   no jobs! soylandra? stimulus failure? clash for clunkers? obamadeathcare? noooo!',1
'love my fiat',1
'pos',1
'we\'re talking about kids, here.  who may not understand the dangers.  but parents should.',1
'while i consider myself smart, i do not consider myself "elite".  at least i try to never act that way.',1
'like they said in the video, it was obsolete 3 years ago...',1
'mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm   where can i get some rat meat ?     oh yeah ...........  the white house !',1
'are you the same "someone" posting spam datingsites?',1
'holy moly! and you people are animal lovers!',1
'in this economy, you\'re better off taking out loans to buy guns and ammo...',1
'all it\'s missing are a couple of slices of bacon and some mayo. oh, and instead of a simple beef patty, make it sausage.',1
'she\'s a multitasker :i',1
'your comment is heard, but, perhaps you have difficulty understanding the content of the english language.... i am referring to the office of the president... not the individual.  gads!  i hope you are not old enough to vote!',1
'the person who wrote this article must not have an automotive background. this is almost crap, and by that, i mean it\'s very close.',1
'lmfao  may i use this later. awesome.  lol',1
'i was curious about that myself - so i went to youtube to find out.    drake is c(rap), not music.',1
'hypocrite.',1
'money money money, it\'s a rich mans world.',1
'i say mr. taylor, music exec, is more concerned with how much money he can stuff in his pockets.  and who the heck is drake?',1
'offended by mom jokes from twitter?  a bit of a sensitive mama\'s boy maybe?  does he still breastfeed?',1
'publicity stunt!!!! twi-hards, fans of his & hers have been duped. they totally deserve each other. all i know for me is that i now refuse to see the last twilight movie and will not be paying any money to see, rent or buy any movie in which either one of them is starring in. i know there are others out there like me who feel as if we were played for fools. tossing away any photos, t-shirts & movies in the trash, just like they did to their fans.',1
'haha it\'s just funny how they say crappy music and they mention nickelback and drake, for once msn is right about something.... and ya there hasn\'t been any great music in the last 10 years, i do agree with that',1
'don\'t care or give a rat\'s *** what they eat over there, just don\'t bring a franchise here.',1
'lighten up, for god\'s sake!',1
'gross!',1
'normal person (??) normal maybe in a mental institution, eh?  why is it that you "normal" liberals can never enumerate the "facts" the rest of us are supposed to be collecting?  fact!  your "boy" thinks america has 57 states.  fact!  your "boy" wants to treat asthma sufferors with "breathalyzers".     your "boy" thinks schopenaur is a kind of german cheese.  fact!  your "boy" has taken 17 vacations in 3.5 years.  most of the rest of us are lucky to get one a year that we pay for ourselves rather than have the taxpayers pay for it.  fact!  your "boy" wants us to believe he "got" bin laden when he wasn\'t even there and likely does not even know which end of the weapon the bullet comes out of. ',1
'no way!!  it\'s sickening to think that people even come up with these ideas.  what\'s wrong with a good apple?',1
'that cop should be fired.',1
'i hunt and prefer a dog who is energetic and comfortable in the woods.  any other questions??',1
'newsocks.....you are asking every parent and the school to protect your child! are you really equating a pb&j to a gun? seriously?  i am willing to bet you consider yourself a liberal, right? there is nothing "liberal" about making everyone do things your way. by your own comparison, the student should be jailed, or at least kicked out of school for the sandwich, just like it were a gun? way over the top! if you took care of "your" child the rest of the world would not have to.',1
'america the beautiful only the conservative side. the liberal side not so much.',1
'i got a lot of thumbs down, most likely from democrats, but my statement was somewhat incomplete, since i didn\'t exactly think reagan or bush jr were all that hot either. (remember marine barracks in lebanon bombing under reagan, followed by our invasion 2 days later of grenada and then our retreating from lebanon with our tail tucked between our legs)',1
'maybe he\'s got a pic of michelle in the other hand.',1
'lol!! burn!!',1
'yes.  the revolution is long overdue.  we need another george washington to rise up...',1
'probably due to trying to give walmart the opportunity to do the right thing locally, then arbitration and finally, after getting no satisfaction, having to resort to legal action.',1
'you\'re so right!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'similar to the teabagger squirrel sack hanging over your gaping mouth?',1
'the joke wasn\'t racist',1
'whatever happened to free speech......    seems we can go to a soldiers burial in a private cemetery and shout all the indecent things we want......but state something about an obama and all of a sudden its racist.    double standards.......as usual.    if they cant take it.....then don\'t dish it out.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.  \'             ',0
'go swift-ly',1
'funny that a guys whos name is almost spelled "weiner"  is trying to ban public nudity lol',1
'dear disgusted...please see my posting below and the replies.  it really hurts to be categorized in the way folks do when you run in to problems. we were in the same boat as you...i am sorry you are still in it...but boa will suck everything out of you they can, and then foreclose....from one that has been there.',1
'this article is about the first lady michelle obama.',1
'pos',1
'actually, the whole country is collapsing like a rotten vegetable because of too much political bull $hit',1
'good luck with that one, mitt\'s imploding and will be crushed in the debates.',1
'my 401k has averaged 13% yearly for over 10 years. its all about commodities. at this point in my life, i earn more annually in my 401k then i do in salary. become educated, make your own investing decisions, and you will do far better than if you let the 401k dictate itself.',1
'yawn try harder you racist pig',1
'he can so he does. any guy that had that kind of money and fame would do the same thing.',1
'not surprised, your dogs just as idiotic and useless as you.',1
'in response to the usage of the bill maher show as a comparison. if you are letting your children watch bill maher your sick and probably off track.if your watching bill your probably off track. point is rodeo may have clowns, but it is serious business to alot of us and a way of life. unfortunately, this a-hole decides to politicize his personal beliefs at our event. im sorry. the other thing is their our more k-mart cowboys that spout off about obama thinking all country folks are alike and that is not true. in fact we judge you by your hard work and character. i dont fault this president for all the drama and trama i think he is probably the better choice for the country in november considering who is backing the other guys. main point. rodeo is about accomplishing dreams of cowboys and cowgirls and the public is invited to watch. family diffenitley matters at these events and so does patriotism.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'abso-freaking-lutely  ​  not!',1
'fifty bucks is a bit much don\'t you think?',1
'larry is from the north, idiot.',1
'obama does that every time he opens his mouth.',1
'he sleeps with his head/neck over your neck to let you know he is the dominant one.   never good thing to let any dog do that at any age.',1
'i wet my pants in the second grade and got to be called \'piss girl\' for the rest of the year.',1
'thats as bad as hardees new bbq burger, what a way to ruin an icon......',1
'i am allergic to chocolate. all my friends love it. cocoa powder sends me over the top, bring on the epi. i don"t force my friends to avoid. i do what i need to for me.',1
'before you set any tax rate, close the personal deduction loopholrs. a person should not be able to  receive a a refund of more than they paid. all the un-earned credits are a crock of . why should som bum, getting welfare and food stamps, living in govt. housing, be able to work a couple of weeks a year , claim as many deductions as allowed, then get a big refund chek??? tax payers have already paid for his or her kids. don\'t forget medi-caid. it is even worse with mexicans claiming dependents that don\'t even live in the u.s. harry reid could have stopped this.',1
'"get it while you can..." - janis joplin',1
'don\'t apologize viper. i wasn\'t offened and you make funny posts. drop by anytime. lol',1
'let\'s see your  tax return, or do welfare recepients even have to file',1
'i know what you ment but i just needed to mess with someone today.   but i\'ve found much better targets now.  sorry.',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'oh suck it, you bleeding hearts.  you choose to only hear \'animal cruelty\' being chimed from one clearly biased source with no rhyme or reason.  you have as many details as everyone else but only want to see the cute and fuzzy aspect of it all.  maybe you would be happier if there were 2 dead hikers and 1 dead dog as a result of a fall and/or exposure instead.  you can say you would do everything you could no matter what but the reality of the situation is that you would be unable to.  shut the f*ck up about what you know nothing about.',1
'unions are the working man\'s best friend!',0
'sounds like she took bs lessons from bagdad bob.  it\'s time to get rid of that kook along with the rest of the thieves and commies in washington!',1
'he did not do himself any favors if he wants a job from many who saw him.  good initiative, very poor judgment.  he is in love with himself.',1
'pos',1
'you know?? i think after hearing crap about ugandan politics over the past 3 decades, one would think these socialite, media hungry, azzholes need to be bushwacked. why don\'t we just label them as a terrorist organization (which isn\'t far off from the truth - they are terrorists to their own people) and go on in, and take over their pathetic african government (notice i didn\'t say country - because some of the ugandan people are very nice) and make it more civilized - its their government that needs a kick.     it\'s a shame really that some nations and individual tribes in africa can\'t get their heads out of their azzes and live life instead of destroy it for their own personal gains.',1
'no offense....but it really doesn\'t take that much wit and cunning to "punk" a fox news anchor....',1
'it was racist. he was trying to imply that ms. obama is an animal. that is racist. please do not try to make this into something else. yes, it is sad when blacks pull the race card for no reason. but its even sadder when others try to cover for an overt racist remark.',1
'can\'t read? i said from the 70\'s and since. who;s stuck.......nice person.',1
'i see an ss agent actually up front playing with his cell phone!!!!!  he was searching his twitter page to see if he\'s of any importance? omg!!!! he\'s not.... to bad ss agent',1
'looks to me like he is doing what i wouldn\'t do if obuttwad was on fire.',1
'a heart attack donut hole!!!!',1
'so what?>??',1
'numbers 6 and 7 are my fave, but they\'re all really cute. cats are so weird and entertaining.',1
'noooo....but somebody else can! say no to food nazis!',1
'the ryan romnee campaign is collapsing like a rotten vegetable',1
'.....korea?',1
'and then tax the shiite out of it .',1
'maybe if you left the farm every now and then you wouldn\'t have to put lipstick on your pigs before you poke \'em.',1
'they are a cop you ignorant person they are paid exactly like a cop and treated just as a cop if you kick their ****. you know why the cops will say they are not cops because in california legislation was passed that cops cant write parking tickets  so guess what they had to make a private market for the cops to be able to write you tickets and now they just title them meter maids and parking enforcement. they also drive around my city through neighborhoods looking for unregistered cars. but what would you know you are just braindead paid for by the govt to stfu and have no common sense. now keep spamming with your same bs propaganda only idiots believe the **** like you have to say anyways like your masters said people like you will never have smart people on your side only the gullable and easily brainwashed.',1
'mstk5, is that an acronym for mistake #5 ?  want be long? they just tired of haterd? and japan started the war we did not. i think your brain is as warped as your spelling. hitler killed 6 million jews and about 18 million others. learn to use (spell check) and stop being a bigot. and by the way there were not any people of colour in germany. adolph did not like them. oh by the way if you ever get the opportunity to read the oxford dictionary (colour) is the correct spelling. you see the language is english. also personally i do not want to see either one of them without clothing; i still like my wife of 57 years, in fact i am so damned old i try to avoid mirrors. i might be old and have not been in a class room since i was 14. but i am not a stupid bigoted schmuck.',1
'you know, we always see stories of people suing places for 70 bajillion dollars for giving them the wrong flavor mocha latte, but this is one of the few legitimate cases.    75k is generous considering the hell she went through, i hope she gets 200k',1
'that\'s the best political joke i have heard so far....oh no wait...  obama and romney are the biggest joke! would a real candidate step up to the platform please!!!!!!!!',1
'quick trip sells a sandwich that is very similar to the mcrib that is cheap and good.',1
'msn almost had it right with "confidence or arrogance".  when speaking of pelosi, "clueless or braindead" comes to mind.  her mind is usually three sentences behind her mouth. every time she speaks, she gives people one more reason to vote republican.',1
'sounds like something they would serve at the texas state fair, lol',1
'how do you know that, share your wisdom!',1
'not trained and did not speak english very well. i wonder if he is first or second generation in the us?  his english was not good and he seemed not to understand.   i would be looking for a green card, his hire date, his training and then i would ask the person that trained and hired him to take his place. i would also ask the city to reimburse for lost time--in full including benefits factored in.  obviously, there was a problem with the meter person not understanding or being trained, how frustrating.  but the gentleman who got the ticket never lost his cool and acted a true gentleman.  i applaud him for that.  most others would have lost their temper.  this man did not.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'1 coward just ran away! next!',1
'wake up america!  we have much more to worry about than;  a joke made,  about a joke  and if it were reversed.  i bet there would  be nothing  said',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.      ]         ',0
'yes i have kept my skills up. i continue to stay current and attend classes, i may run into someone from the past, and reconnect. yes i have saved. because of my saving and investments i am not panic. i do not think the money will last until full retirement at 67. yes i did want to retire from the company. my family values have instilled good work ethics and give it your best. i did.        the killer of all of this is my health care premiums are $750 per month. three months before my cobra was expiring i fell and injured my ankle requiring surgery. i could not change my group policy to an individual one because i now had a preexisting condition. cobra i paid about $400 the next policy started about $525.       i think health care is just fine. it is not health care reform we need it is health care insurance company reform we ne',1
'google "rocky flats".  there\'s plutonium all over certain areas of our country.  and people aren\'t too concerned.',1
'i thought the first ammendemnt covered such things.......',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'a$$',1
'what about movies?',1
'this person must have already heard the speech and wanted to give it a proper burial. the lies that come from obama and the rest of the liberal.socialist/co  ​ mmunist democrats are getting to be more than a sensible person can understand. according to bill (****s aren\'t sex) clinton obama wants to take us to a new place. what he doesn\'t say is that the place is socialist/communist/  ​ godless satan loving muslim purgatory.',1
'i am allergic to cats, should the school ban all students and visitors etc from owning or even touching cats? no, of course not, just as ridiculous as a pb&j ban. people refuse to be responsible for themselves. why don\'t you respect the lives and practices of others? were you raised to be selfish?',1
'cyclops -- "moon river" was written in 1961 for the movie "breakfast at tiffany\'s."  maybe you remember seeing audrey hepburn singing it while playing guitar.  frank covered it on a very strange record from 1964 called "days of wine and roses," where he covered a bunch of oscar validated  songs.       incidentally, he learned his breathing technique from tommy dorsey. sinatra hated breaking up phrases to take a breath when it interfered with the emotional flow of a song.',1
'ha!! good point.   thanks for the laugh. :-d',1
'i\'m genuinely sorry a child died from this. however, even at the elementary level a parent of an allergic child can teach them not to eat something they are unfamiliar with. at a recent sleepover i had the kids parents calling me to see if my dairy allergic child could have something because at 8 years old she was nicely grilling them on the contents to make sure it was safe for her.',1
'the 2nd one he will pardon will be mitt romney for tax evasion.',1
'turdpaper stfu',1
'dog, you\'re a frikkin idiot!',1
'ya the avg citizen in your eyes are the crooks while the police who have weapons are innocent and never do anything wrong, people like you have no common sense and you wonder why you let america turn into a police state. coward',1
'i heard a recording of a speech ronald reagan gave around 1964 where he talked about socialist countries starting the "change" with healthcare as a bait for the people to get on board without knowing it right away  - i believe he was still a democrat then? scary stuff given how things are going now.',1
'one might be jobless, but there is always work for everyone to do [walmart, mcdonalds, janitorial, migrant labor, etc.]   and if you do it right --- tax and regulation free.    there is however idleness and mental paralysis.  when times are tough, these characteristics are necessarily self liquidating for those who posses them.  then society and the economic system becomes the stronger.    oh wait --- there\'s hope --- obama   obama   obama   obama.',1
'good  food   mcrib  the  best  they  shut  sell     sea    food',1
'all the nasty, hateful remarks from you arm chair racist will not get a pancake gluteaus into the white house............now  ​  that\'s funny.',0
'if yer engaged,you arent single....     you have a fiance',1
'you are the only people that go take dump then go to lunch with out washing your hands. white people!',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'did the guy thrown in a nickel, then start filming? funny we didn\'t see the guy filming walk up to the meter after he started filming.     he could have thrown a nickle in, wait a few minutes, then started filming to make it look like there was time on the meter',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'yes he was reckless to think that because of his fame, he is above the law. you just can\'t go to other countries, break the law, and whine when you don\'t get a slap on the wrist. he obviously knew the law but chose to ignore it.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'another republican clown.  don\'t you people learn?',1
'i think apple’s real risk is that people will finally discover that their products are rather ordinary and way overpriced.  the rush to get each new rendition of the iphone is mindlessly driven by status.  there are a number of superior products available, but there’s that status thing.',1
'this is a stupid article. thanks.',1
'what if you\'re not white?  i don\'t think  indie artists allow you at their shows, do they?',1
'can\'t wait for obama ads to come out showing clips of what tom smith, a repuke senate candidate from pa said. this repuke freak said that if someone gets a girl pregnant and is not married to her, he should be arrested for rape.   this is not going to go over well with the centrists of the repuke dunce party-the abortion clinic bombers, abortion doctor shooters, federal building bombers and the heart of this nut party-the radical right wing southern anthrax spreaders and the rest of the klan.',1
'if we could somehow arrange for these two to be traveling at a high rate of speed from opposite directions on the same highway that does not contain a median, i think the problem might solve and take care of itself.  let\'s work together on this, everyone.',1
'what must be "true?"',1
'that\'s a great joke,  i can\'t stop laughing !',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'old news they broke up last year',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'i got a comment today....do not comment anymore the plateform doesn\'t need you.  what do ya think?',1
'mcrib sucks',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'seekriders (dot com) is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers. if you\'re a biker babe or a biker boy and if you\'re looking for love online then register here today. we have thousands of members waiting to meet and greet you, and as they are all bikers themselves they speak your language and understand your passion for the open road.               ',0
'greengirl, i am always curious how people define homophobe...i would love to hear your definition.',1
'no way. yuck.',1
'i\'m thinking that he got tired of taking her strapon.  but she wasn\'t yet tired of banging him with it.',1
'this article is a bit off from the facts. the korean men aren\'t using the same make up products that women use such as eye liner, mascara, foundation, lip stick. etc... the korean men are using some of the same products that are available to men in america such as skin care products like toner, astringents, lotions, blemish concealers, dermabrasion products, etc... they\'re going for the smooth, clear complexion look with skin care products, not make-up products that we are thinking of.',1
'worldican. earthling. now there is no racism with that title. general but the absolute truth!',1
'commercials aren\'t always telling the truth.you sound like you would prefer the government would take care of all your needs. as for me i will take care of myself by working. not depending on the government and sitting on my butt and doing nothing.   this is for benny-benny',1
'how ironic that the annoyed one that leaks security secrets has a leaker in his rally background.  considering the last week of attacks on our embassies, parties with jay-z and beyonce, and interviews with pimp with a limp and letterman, oh how leaders of other countries must admire the leader of the united states.  after looking closer at the audience, i bet hcjfs was not busy today,.',1
'billy nice insite.  i agree was just trying to figure out how oblamo would do it.  yeah show your hands obama i want to see!',1
'you dont have to pay the tickets from  a video cam at red lights.they dont go on your record until you get 5 or more.anything under just goes to a collection agency.i',1
'ah, patriot, you don\'t get it?   i knew you didn\'t know what a socialist was.    socialists advocate for a massive redistribution of income from corporations and the very wealthy to wage earners and the poor and the public sector. not to corporations.',1
'food stamps are one of the most abused and wasteful social program this country has ever developed. a family of four receives more money monthly then my family of five spends a month on food. the amount paid out each month should be cut by at least one third. here is why those on food stamps would not go hungry or malnourished because of this change. purchases by food stamps should be restricted to the following: fresh/frozen non prepared meats, fresh/frozen non prepared vegetables, deli meats/cheeses, canned goods, breads, non sweetened dairy, and juices. the following would be banned from being purchased by food stamps: soda, bottled water, power and energy drinks, coffee, tea, ice cream, candy, any pre-prepared meals or sandwiches, snacks/junk food, pet food, cigarettes and alcohol.',1
'i can\'t believe someone can be as ignorant a fool as you thumbelina and believe that lyin willardo, the mexican mormon mormon tax evader, bankrupter, job outsourcer, draft dodger and etch a sketch champion has any chance to do any better than 2nd place.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'facts?? facts???? what do ya need facts for?  we got muslims to hate,  we got mexicans to deport,  we got welfare queens to prosecute,  we got vaginas to regulate,   we got nations to invade,   we got so many rich people  who are two dividend checks away from  utter starvation.  what is the matter  with you people, anyway?',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'you are very welcome frumple. i thought someone should call msn out on that one, so i happily obliged.',1
'yeah yeah, lol.  i\'ve been shopping at walmart for a long time, for everything i need except gas.  customer service is great, i\'ve had employees go out of their way to help me, the store layout is good and when i was driving around the country for 13 months straight after i retired and went homeless i shopped only at walmart because i knew i would find everything i needed from a small thing of coffee to a propane canister.  the quality and selection of food was always good and varied.  lol, first thing i would do when i got to a campsite was look in my road atlas for the nearest walmart and i\'ve shopped in them from florida to north dakota to southeast california, never been treated poorly.  sure, shop at your local "mom and pop" and pay through the nose for "convenience" and a "hi, how\'er you today."  i\'ll take a 24 hour walmart over any other outfit.  .',1
'pos',1
'wondergread, i totally agree with you. i am one who hope that we will all become intelligent enough to unite as a nation and make america a better place for all of her citizens. racism is the primary reason we can\'t unite and wouk collectively for a better country. some people will destroy the country before they abandon their biased personal beliefs. that is absolute ignorance.',1
'these are all so good.  so cute.',1
'i highly doubt anyone that works for walmart has ever seen a real $100 bill.  i mean, they work at walmart, what do expect?  walmart has deep pockets... sue the **** out of \'em.',1
'now if the boyfriend would have knocked this idiot woman out for attacking him, he would still be in jail and facing a crimminal record like chris brown.  the next thing that would have happened is all the hypocrit\'s would have been making her out to be the victim.',1
'sure, when the zombies come that me be the only thing left to eat',1
'i have family that are "hill folk". visited them when i was growing up. found out i had all sorts of things that i would never had considered eating. squirrel, muskrat, and coon. hey, i didn\'t know and i didn\'t complain. hmmmm. i wonder??? i have to make a phone call when i get home.',1
'funny, i liked terra nova and alcatraz. i\'m thinking i\'ll like this...',1
'first off i\'m a member of the student council at this school.  for all of you that are bashing the administration at our school they had nothing to do with picking the title of the day.  it was originally camo day but we wanted to get the girls involved too so we added animal print. we didn\'t just want to call it camo/animal print day so we picked out a name that at the time no one even thought it would be offensive at all.  actually, a girl came up with the name.  our administration has vetoed other days in the past but no one thought this was offensive.  as soon as we got complaints it was changed the next day.  if you really wanted to you could find something wrong with just about anyone\'s homecoming week.  now our town is negatively publicised for a small mistake by teenagers and a very understandable misjudgement by administration.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'now thats funny!! and get over it people.',1
'come on, jim.  is it good or bad?  with your proclivity to change what you say and your ability to do so most fluidly and fluently, perhaps you might want to look into some contract speech-writing work with the romney campaign.',1
'i know certain super-straight american guys that wear concealer, shade their eyebrows to make them darker and thicker, use lip gloss, and use blush under their chins to make their jaws stand out. they also go tanning and have their hair done. these are not gay men at all. but they use more makeup than i do, lol!',0
'i have to agree segregate the kids who have peanut allergies.',1
'download it legally, then convert it illegally to a savable mp3 format and back it up on another hard drive then delete the original temporary  limited use "legal" file that i paid for.',1
'no, circus would be more appropriate.',1
'how about just keeping these kids at home rather than subjecting them to potentially harmful substances?  seems a hell of a lot more cost effective and sensible than implementing a bunch of draconic measures to protect them.',1
'they\'ll have plenty of that after the debates i never watch late night but i will then...lmfao',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'i make people look better after they die but i don\'t think even i could do that for j b.   lol',1
'yes',1
'you can kinda see the back edge of it under the egg. i thought it was a sausage patty at first.',1
'american politicians!!',1
'yeah, we could sell it in nyc and top it off with a 32 oz big gulp!',1
'you sound brilliant bruce.  maybe the romney campaign could get a leg up in the race if you would let them use your astute campaign pitch "i\'m barrack obama....i suck"',1
'someone  your mother was a dude who crapped you out ;)',1
'what frickin right do these thugs have to reach into our pockets at will and take what they want? i work for my money and obviously you work for the government., where you do nothing, produce nothing and have absolutely no reason to exist, get a life or save someone some trouble and eat a frickin bullet. this **** has got to stop.',1
'my son and i went there last year and quit at 11 am for it was 105 that day. it was a fun day but no diamonds.',1
'depends on the school.  some schools are very small and over crowded so they may not have a room or separate are for these kids to eat.  if the ban saves one life is it not worth it???       i\'m not for the ban because i think your argument is valid and accurate but wihout knowing what kind of school this is, how large it is etc maybe the only solution was to ban the sandwich. the school needs to review their policy every year based on the students attending.  being the ban is 6 years old maybe they no longer have lids with this allergy in the school anymore.         the main thing here is parents need to take as much responsibility as the school and provide them with epi pens for their children, its a cheap and easy solution.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'this meter cop should loose his job right on the spot.this is an injustest',1
'the reason he receives no sympathy is the fact that he never once tried to follow up on the dog. not once!!!',1
'my mother rescued a maine coon kitten,named her cleo.   yes i know its a cat but a very strange cat.  once the neighbor german sheperd got lose and i was walking kodi my3 month husky.  i picked kodi up as the sheppard was not freindly. cleo came out of  the bushes and saw me holding kodi over my head and trying to get away from sheppard. cleo came to our rescue. let the sheppard know not to mess with her or me. she laid that dogs nose open with her claws. 6 stitches. later she would be in moms yard (fenced) and neighbors . the sheppard wouldnot come near the fence when he saw cleo.',1
'that is ridiculous...fox has as many left wing guests as right wing guests and that is why it is so informative...you can actually watch two opposite polarized opinions on almost every subject to make up you own mind... occasionally, to my disappointment, sean hannity will have two conservative guests at the same time at which time i will flip the channel because what\'s the point if you already know the point.',1
'it is only good as the preparer and the person serving it. :) smile',1
'sounds like the nut ban belongs in the school board roster, throw the bums out',1
'@ android....       go take an anger management course and lighten up.   most animals become kids in the eyes of their owners.   if you ever tried loving and caring for an animal and felt the love that animal returns to you, you would understand why krohnnie and others call them their kids.   besides, many parents adopt children and call them their own children.  it\'s no different than adopting an animal. they are yours, period.  you sound educated enough to understand that and i hope you can.',1
'would anybody give a flying fig if the joke was about mitt or george or for that matter anybody but this self important twerp. get over it he\'s just another politian.',1
'best of luck to him.',1
'its more than one person and what you end up with is a safe environment for all kids.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i would drive up, slow down a bit, and then heading down the street to turn around and make another pass. a couple hours of that should be enough.',1
'me and my bruthas llikesss to play thisss game, we callsss it four tracksss but sssome callssss it the trainss yum yummy, ummmmm come to your thug massster mikey.',1
'hell yea i would at least give it a try',1
'you forgot all of illinois with the exception of the five counties surrounding cook county in chicago.',1
'somebody pissed in this guys wheaty\'s this morning.',1
'so by asking people (adults) to not put peanutbutter in their kids lunches which may not be smart casuse they are so young is asking you to amend you whole life thats a dumb statement.',1
'gives the word ignorant a whole new meaning.',1
'i lovessss you when you ssslurp on me thuggie bear yum yummy.',1
'years ago my mother-in-law got a ticket in the mail from a large city.  she wasn\'t there.  they made up the plate number and vehicle, which was her plate number but didn\'t match her vehicle.  the popular name for this was "sewer tickets."  they would write these to make up their quota, toss the hard copy.  sometimes people would pay it just to make it go away.  i wrote a letter for her and they dropped it.',1
'so glad the first lady is still outclassing you ignorant knuckle-scrapers.  lovely first lady.  thank you for your inspiration and grace.',1
'tarpaper... you must be one of the ugly bitches... figures!',1
'you\'re clearly the bigger idiot anton..... obama supporter perhaps?',1
'do you enjoy being a pervert?',1
'it doesnt matter if its car or not,this kinda thing happens alot.i dont pay any parking tickets,because there all b.s.',1
'it all comes down to defining what music really is.  it\'s much more than simply something that sounds agreeable.  you don\'t have to have any background or training to know that something you just heard is not a chord, is out of key, or completely unorganized.  to me, music is everything that comes together from the people that have learned and practiced the established theory behind it.  mastering instruments, keeping time, improvisation, harmonies, natural vocal talent, inspiration, and a lyrical message that can stay relevant beyond what is currently trendy.  it can manipulate your emotions without you being aware of it in the process.  it\'s not about the image it\'s about the message.  it\'s auditory not visual.  sitting in your basement, manipulating software to string random beeps, beats, and sounds together, using auto tune to make your scraggly voice in key, and other over production methods with no more substance than what would be contained in a jingle is not making music.  that\'s commercial advertising on a fast food assembly line.',1
'these really are great. spoon kitty is wonderful,i\'ve seen a pair of otters do that same thing in the wild several times. crawl up the bank dry themselves off ,groom eachother for awhile then fall fast asleep in eachothers arms like lovers. try chalking that up to pure instinct please.    on another note...judging from some of these posts we have several sociopaths in the making on this site ,so god help man or beast that have been sentenced to living with or around them!',1
'the very fact that msn and the gay agenda and the gay pedophiles keep doing stories like this to try and break into the boy scouts, proves to me that the boy scouts are doing all the right things to keep all the gay pedophiles out of the boy scouts.  sadly i think the gay pedophiles will keep working with msn and do all they can to infiltrate and corrupt the children in the boy scouts if they can get away with it, just like jerry sandusky did to penn state!      keep fighting the good fight boy scouts, do all you can to continue to keep all the gay pedophiles out of the boy scouts!!!!!!!!!!!!',0
'this was not racist and no where in any of this clown\'s comments do i hear racism.  i think the fact of the matter that msn and you commontator are making it racist, perhaps makes you the racist and definitely makes you ignorant.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'laying bside me on the floor licking my tears as i cried when my husband past away, i felt he understood somehow what was going on. dogs are truly a mans best friend.!!!!!!!!',1
'q;  how too pizz off  paying customers?    a;   pay your city taxes so that pigs can site your customers for parking in front of your stores',1
'124 votes! impressive.',1
'for me being single, i am terrified. even though i have on what i need, it is a battle. my problem with women is that i do not like rejections. my parents have pressured me on finding someone in life. i go to a nightclub and dance but 98.9% of the time, they shun me away. it is like a cycle. i respect women in a professional matter. but in a personal matter is different. had female friends in the past but not a real girlfriend. the worst fear for me if i had a girlfriend is having a "break-up" that could repeat time after time again.     is there a point to find another - no. it is humiliating. and an embarrasment for my parents. it shows proof that women are a joke. i hate being humiliated.',1
'good. exotic meat makes for good soldiers. eating raw meat is best.',1
'ws has it right !',1
'no fox would rather waste their money and our time on crap. this show should have been picked up by a major station like hbo or show. they could afford it.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'the average smartphone is $400 bucks right?  i thought all democrats were poor helpless souls to be affording "corporate made phones like this".  oh, the government probably bought a bunch and "gave them some for free."  just like all the democrats, always some special interest handout for them.     hmmmm....i am starting to sound like a democratic conspiracy theory.  maybe george bush bought every democrat a smartphone last year.  new theory:  republicans:  offer a free smartphone to every democrat that switches to republican.  trust me you\'ll gain millions of voters, the dem mindset just looks for freebies.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i totally agree that you shouldn\'t be able to sue for every little thing.  unfortunately we live in a sue happy country and that is the reality that this school is trying to deal with.    if someone did sue because of this, all the parents who are now complaining that peanuts were banned would become taxpayers who were complaining that they weren\'t banned.',1
'no!! there is nothing manly about wearing makeup. personally, i don\'t think they should feel like they have to shave their chest or leg hair either. that is not manly to me.',1
'wow.',1
'patriot, these are the same koolade drinking liberal, marxist, commie scumbags  that want to protect the koran and destroy our constitution. odumbo will be given credit for destroying the democrat party.....conservati  ​ ve democrats have had enough of this hope and change piece of shitz commie. the new liberal progressive democrat party will have to join the communist party.',0
'yes they do but corrupt like rats..',1
'seriously made me laugh! made me think of little britian\'s "bitty" too.',1
'well, er, a good thing your favorite music has not been overexposed...',1
'then divorce should be outlawed for couples with children!',1
'sounds like a keeper',1
'literally 99.999% of them get long with other people nd religions just fine.',1
'it was a okey request. they could also say go home monkey you are stinking up our class room. of course this stupid ugly girls ugly monkey bitch mom is looking at suing as that\'s what niggas do. whine bitch and moan about how people are not nice to their ugly monkey a$$.',1
'my grandmother rescued a war dog during ww2 after the original owner had moved to an apartment, and never expected the collie to return from war.  chips was trained to pull wounded soldiers out of harms way.  when he returned the military thought he was untrained. not quite, anytime he saw a person in uniform he cried. when my cousin  visited my mom and grandmother  she was 3  and if she headed for the street, chips herded her to the back yard.',1
'did i give my opinion???  i\'m pretty sure i didn\'t.  would you like to ask me what it is???',1
'she tweeted this because her mom is on dr. phil today acting a mess and wants to take the attention off of that. not working. it just reminds us where you got the crazy gene.',1
'what if the shoe was on your foot?  detaining a person against their will is against the law.  some states call it kidnapping.  i hate wally world.  i stopped going years ago.  my husband and i had gone to do some christmas shopping there for a particular game that our nephew wanted.  we did get the game, but we purchased a couple of other items as well.  the clerk in the back of the store checked us out.  when got to the front of the store the door monitor checked our receipt.  by the time we got to the car, we were surrounded by security.  they told us that they wanted us to go back in the store because they noticed we came out the store without paying.  i flipped out.  i told them that if they touched me i had a right to defend myself and they had better back off.  i showed them the receipt and they still would not let us leave.  i called the police.  i told the police that i wanted to press charges against them for kidnapping me and my husband.  people was looking and it was really embarrassing.  when the police got there they took our receipt and went in the store.  they came back and gave us the receipt and asked them where they got their information.  we had spent 600.00 tha',1
'hehehe!  it was strange (a bit sweet) but pretty satisfying.  i didn\'t have the jelly, but i had the other \'ingrediants\' so i just went and made one.   the \'egg burger\' is something i have loved for years.  the donuts, meh.  probably alot better with some good cheese.  muenster, maybe',1
'roland...   enjoy them while you have them, they don\'t live forever.   ya know what i\'m saying?    ;-)     hi oregon.  hope you ard doing well.  :-0',1
'do you hate america even more now? pity',1
'freedom of speech yes, but it doesn\'t mean what you say doesn\'t have consequences. on another note, i think it was worth it. lol',1
'this is the kind of idiot with power an attitude , hope the owner of the car watch it , and kick back idiot attitude ****.',1
'wonderful photos, all the best to them both',1
'they had better sell chicken nuggets and fries or there won\'t be a kid going near the place.',1
'roflmmfao !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!',1
'no, he\'s not a dr. he just plays one behind the keyboard. just like he\'s a millionaire, super bowl mvp and sexy italian model all bundled up into one big bag of bs!',1
'being around me would probably kill you- i eat a 26oz jar of pb a week. now if i were to meet you on the street, should i be careful of an allergy i don\'t know you have? how is that not impeding on my rights as a human. i\'m really sorry about your allergy, but it is up to you to take care of yourself. don\'t shake hands with people, and carry sanitizing wipes with you. you should take the precautions, not society.',1
'life is so lonely,i am a single biker woman,i’m seeking someone who can love me and share the passion for speed, i also uploaded my hot photos on ~~~ seekriders (dot com)  ~~~ under the name of julie..it is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers.i hope you will check my photos out there. maybe you are the one who i’m looking for！！！                      ',0
'it\'s ok, as long as they spent 600 million on actual education.',1
'1.4 trillion............  ​ ....... per year................  ​ ..... not total!',1
'fast freddy, there\'s a simple solution to the problem you seem to have with the clown in the oval office.check with nasa to find ot when the next space launch is scheduled for, pack a pair of changing drawers and a balogna sandwich in a bag and try to become a stowaway. i\'m betting thwt with your intelligence you\'ll make it, and guess what. you will only have to stay away \'til 2016.',1
'people need to take responsibility for themselves and their medical conditions and stop expecting everyone in the world to accommodate them.  talk about selfish!  oh....and by the way, respect goes both ways.  respect the fact that others do not have your issues and can be around perfumes or peanuts, etc.....',1
'its a shame that u are filled with so much hate...u might as just go put on ur white hoodie and go rally with the kkk(tea partiers)..our president is a very smart intelligent man thats really trying to help everyone not just his rich buddies..the real reason why u hate this man is because he is black.. george bush (a white man) messed up this country and left us in a economic crisis but ur not saying how stupid he was... stop the hate',1
'hey, billie boy.......and yo mama looks like????????????????  ​ ??????',1
'what are you talking about , he\'s funnier than hel*. get a life as well as a sense of humor, lighten up, pull that stick out of your posterior end.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'well.... if you read it, it then must be true.',1
'love this show',1
'studies challenge established views development of children raised by gay or lesbian parents june 10, 2012 despite considerable research showing that children of same-sex parents fare just as well as children with heterosexual parents, two papers - a review of existing studies and a new study - published today in elsevier\'s social science research, find insufficient data to draw any definitive conclusions. the review by dr. loren marks from louisiana state university finds that much of the science that forms the basis for the highly regarded 2005 official brief on same-sex parenting by the american psychological association (apa) (http://www.apa.org/  ​ pi/lgbt/resources/pa  ​ renting-full.pdf) does not stand up to scrutiny. the new study by university of texas sociologist and professor mark regnerus, provides compelling new evidence that numerous differences in social and emotional well-being do exist between young adults raised by women who have had a lesbian relationship and those who have grown up in a nuclear family. dr. marks reviewed studies published between 1980 and 2005 cited by the 2005 official apa brief which asserted that: "not a single study has found children of les',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'warning!!!!!   cops are armed and dangerous!!   and they use to get beat at school!!',1
'at least he\'s not taking a dump, i guess.',1
'in my town, the speed limit was lowered from 40 to 25 so the cops can generate more income for the township.  they;\'re good at that where i live.  in the year i\'ve lived here, my property taxes have gone up $566.00 on a cheap fixer upper house.  the cops are always hiding behind bushes here so they can nail  your a$$ with a big, fat ticket.  the cops were worried last fall about being laid off and had signs all around asking to stop the layoffs - i\'d have been happy to see them all go.  if you call them, they\'re too lazy to come out unless it\'s life and death, but once they get your phone number, you get endless calls ostensibly from them for donations.  oh as if.  at least camden, nj got rid of most of its police dept and i think is going to regionalize.  where i live, about every two miles is another town with another police dept. and every three day weekend is a four day weekend for our township employees.  nice racket.',1
'yes because we all know that their are no bad cops. all cops just want to protect and serve (lol) i almost said that with a straight face.',1
'good post vavet. two thumbs up from me.',1
'you are what you eat mc du du',1
'the sob\'s killed prince william\'s mother, now they are trying to kill his wife.  shame on all of them for trying.  don\'t be a party to it, don\'t buy any magazines.',1
'@bo, they were 4 or 5 years olds like me when i met them, now we\'re adults, at least we look like adults.',1
'and the democrats steal from the working and give to to lazy and undeserving.',1
'thats great, ok 1 less tourist',1
'fat **** americans.',1
'no. and i think nicki minaj is a no talent whore and couldn\'t rap her way out of a plastic bag.',1
'i admire your tenacity.  however, you just have to be smart about things.  my salary has nearly doubled in the past 7 years.  i picked a field that flourishes when there are more struggling people.  i work for a medicaid provider and business is only growing with this economy and even more when obamacare takes effect.  but besides that, after being almost as frugal as you, along with tax savings from a home base business, we re-invest to buy stocks that have performed no less than 20%.  we will be expanding to rental properties next summer.  every economey has opportunities.  i will be retiring in 10 years (i\'m 38) when my investments will out-earn my income.',1
'patterns tell us that your analyzes of stocks don\'t make money for us.',1
'@rebel...then get the f\'ck out',1
'no, i do not support obama.  to be quite honest, i don\'t even support this country the way it is these days.  i disagree with all forms of hatred.  racism, sexism, homophobia... yes, there is freedom of speech, but as many of the other posters in this topic have so eloquently pointed out, that is rapidly being suppressed these days.  it didn\'t start with obama, like everyone likes to claim.  freedom of speech (and pretty much every other fundamental freedom promised to us by the constitution and bill of rights) has been suppressed for decades within this country.    as for the man in question, anyone with working brain cells knows that freedom of speech does not extend into the workplace.  you can\'t just walk in on monday morning and tell your boss off, then expect to still have a job, for instance.  certain types of comments are just not ok.  now, if this guy had been simply quoted as saying it on the street, it still would have been offensive, but nothing for him to lose his job over.  however, i believe that anyone who makes hateful ',1
'yes, i had plenty from college, a campus security officer had it out for me one year...  i don\'t know what i ever did, but i was on his radar!!    he kept ticketing me for pulling my car into a parking space backwards or if i parked too close to the line or on top of the line...i felt harrassed, what a gripping life they must live.....',1
'i feel sorry for the obama\'s dog.',1
'no, they don\'t. kids can be homeschooled, take classes via internet and attend private schools. i\'m not saying they should have to do this mind you, but to state they have to go to a public school is not accurate.',1
'why do you need more then one???',1
'i worked at mcdonalds when i was a teenager and back then they had a mcmelt. that was the best sandwich ever made. they made the regular quarter pounder bun with rye , used a quarter pounder burger and a cheese spread with onions in the spread. yum i wish they would bring that back. we also made an off menu item , a grilled cheese sandwich. we took two regular hamburger buns , coated them on the inside with butter from the breakfast shift then inverted them in the bun toaster with 4 slices of cheese in between and melted the cheese. yum that was good too.',1
'this is a funny little diddy and all, but what     does this have to do with mcrib or mcdonalds ?    just askin \' ?',1
'no! boo hoo. black people can make fun of themselves any other race they want to. suck it up, and get over it.',1
'that is a very scary story rt.  biden as president.  i may not sleep tonight.',1
'the \'word\' you are referring to is an acronym.  it stands for can\'t understand normal thinking.  this means anybody can be one.......',1
'still don\'t get it.  this guy is not an officer of the law! he writes parking tickets!  get it?',1
'hey folks, that\'s not a "real"  cop, it\'s a traffic enforcement officer type person, i hear you, i fell your pain, all that crap, but i got to say it, not all the cops i ever came in contact with were "evil" to the bone, hey some of em need to have more then a talking to, agreed, but i just can\'t agree with death to all cops and crap like that, so who you going to call for help next time, good luck with that. i am sure you didn\'t do anything wrong either(wink wink) ok this guy,this guy is a jerk and needs his butt kicked out of the job. there now all of you have a nice day.',0
'while it may not be the thing for some, in america we have the freedom to say even what is offensive. if muslims don\'t like that, so what? they can\'t dictate the freedoms america has.',1
'the question is; \'do you think the clown should be fired?\'   it does not ask for any other opinion, observation, or comment on where your political convictions lie.  although this is an open forum and people are encouraged to participate, try at least to stick to the format.  i could care less if you found love at \'dirty old men need young sexy girls.com.  also, there seems to be quite a few who feel they must make their point by condemning the iq or position on the evolutionary scale of other people who\'s  comments do not follow theirs.  remember folks, opinions are like  *ss holes, everyone has one!',1
'this post is a blatant discrimination against clowns.  it perpetuates the notion that there is such a thing as s "bad" joke.  every clown knows that there is no such thing as a "bad" joke.  there are only "bad" audiences!',1
'classic,    no i live in the u.s., my wife lives in canada because of her job. its funny that you    write about cancer, my wifes ex-husband died of cancer.....detected it on saturday    (when the u.s. doctors offices would have been closed) and had him in the hospital    on monday..............  ​ not an 8 week wait. sorry, but unless you have first hand knowledge    about this, its best not to comment. the u.s. is the only industrialized nation in the    world without health care for everyone. the ony reason we don\'t have it now is because    of the greed of capitol hill and the lobbiest. trail lawyers sure don\'t want it. congress    no longer represent the people, its all for their own gain.',1
'disgusting...',1
'oh, what\'s with all the slams on actors? they have to take a lot of crap from people they don\'t even know, there\'s always some nutcase yelling stuff making a security issue, half the work you do never even makes it on-screen...have you ever had to be on-set sitting on stand-by for like 6 hours with nothing to eat but cheese-and-crackers from the kraft table and it\'s like 3 in the morning and you are so dead tired you just want to wobble back to the transport van and fall asleep? and then some guy you don\'t even know comes up and yells, "ok, we\'re going to try so-and-so scene while the lights and weather is right, i swear it will only be a few takes." and then 2 hours later they\'re still setting up the scene and you\'d give anything to eat the big mac the production assistant is eating but you can\'t cause you\'re in wardrobe and you\'d mess up your makeup.',0
'hmmmm.  just remembered that it was hard to find peanut butter in poland when we lived there.  just one or two stores (that catered to expats) carried it.  the kids in the school there had never heard of peanut butter.  it is not a staple in the pantry like it is here.  they also don\'t seem to have peanut allergies there.  at least any of the parents and teachers i talked to had never heard of peanut allergies or any food allergies for that matter.',1
'no sense of humor',1
'6, 7, 8, & 15 are my favorites, others look uncomfortable - my boy loves to burrow under covers so when i try to make bed, there is something holding the blanket down.',1
'i could hardly bear the cuteness!',1
'dick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!',1
'don\'t listen to them kate, your pookies are precious and mmmm good, you just keep on showin\' them!    the next parade in london will be equipped with those bead necklaces and "show me your tits" signs, just like in new orleans!',1
'i\'ll disappear when i feel like it....  look...i\'m a liberal...although it is getting more and more difficult these days.  but the world doesn\'t stop because a person has an allergy.  kids have to learn to deal with allergies...inhalers  ​ , washing hands, not sharing food....it\'s up to the parents and the kid...not someone else\'s...to deal with those allergies.',1
'i have never gotten a bogus ticket, but i guess it does happen.',1
'rebecca, are you a nutritionist? if not shut up.',1
'sorry, what a bunch of dumb a----! yup, yolo...so let\'s be stupid and take other ppl w/us...sorry, i\'m not cold hearted, it\'s just we all know ddad etc. so, his choice was to be stupid and take not only himself but other people\'s lives too....if it was one of your family in that car with him..hmm...i wonder...',1
'i totally agree...i will be buying american!',1
'you apparently do......enough to start with the childish name-calling.....',1
'to racist in training no one said that blacks would be the majority thats your evil mind set sayin that you will be ready remember this is not the 1940\'s you are not the only won to have a gun',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'posting this drivel in this topic is a) incredibly stupid.  b) incredibly moronic.  c) serves no useful purpose at all.  d) is off topic and makes a thru c even more obvious.    there are forums for what you want to say and you can even post a topic that portrays what you think and you can be all you can be there. so go there, now!',1
'income tax returns are required to run for the office of the president of the united states of america.',1
'gosh, these pictures makes me want another cat.  i miss my buddies, they were great.  rip    winston and bandit.',1
'no. what\'s racist about the joke?',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'not cool at all man. show some class',1
'the only place i ever get music is at a store if a cd comes out that i like, which is very rare. i haven\'t heard anything recently that\'s worth stealing or paying for.       it\'s true that yuppies and their puppies have ruined music. country is crap, that so called "alternative" is crap. any time i hear that whiny junk that kids listen to, i think, "what the futz is that?"    whoever posted "cookie cutter teeny bopper bullsh*t" is right on the money.       i\'ll take good, hard rock and some heavy metal, mostly recorded in the \'70s and \'80s any time.       i don\'t know who "drake" is, either.',1
'then don\'t eat there jackwad !!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'i thought he was just psychic and his thoughts just appeared on this site.',1
'rt, i couldn\'t agree more. i live in hippie-ville. i\'m going to start handing out razors and eye liner to the local chicks. seriously, some could be beautiful but none wear makeup and the others are opaque from being vegans. for christ\'s sake, i can see through my neighbor\'s skin. she\'s total vegan and wears no makeup. she used to be beautiful.',1
'"and keeping an epi pen for when they do have a reaction is a great idea, but if all kids could eat peanut products every day, they would be using the epi pens every freakin day." - not necessarily a true statement      again, my nephew who has life threatening reactions to both nuts and fish went to a public school and graduated last may with a full ride academic scholarship to the university of tulsa (sorry had to put that in there...super proud!!). never used his epipen once while in public schools (his entire k-12 academic career).oh and did i mention there was no ban on pb&j or fish in the schools for that matter? it is not like all of the other kids were eating peanut butter and fish everyday either. it was through his parents guidance that taught him what to do about his allergies. he knows his allergies better than any of us. he reads all labels at the grocery stores, if he feels as though he is too close to the food that could harm him, he moves away, and he would never, ever in a million years expect people to go to such an extreme o',1
'i guess they didn\'t  keep it open and above board enough did they?',1
'if two men were meant to be parents then they would naturally be able to create life together. if two women were meant to be parents then they would naturally be able to concieve together. why is this logic so hard to understand???       engage in what you wish sexually, but leave it at that!! dont throw the rest of the world off balance by going against natures plan',1
'bho must have the same security they had at the embassy in libya.',1
'the best part is that it wasn\'t funny, and no one laughed! that"s the change i hoped for!',1
'no, the idea is to wear them out so they sleep and the parents get some sleep.. after the bike ride i bet she goes to her husband and kick in the jewels to remind them not to have any more kids',1
'wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!',1
'we all know it\'s scripted, but so are all the "reality" shows. those wrestlers have to be in pretty good physical shape to do what they do night after night. it\'s still more entertaining than nascar.       nascar= go fast, turn left. go fast, turn left. go fast, turn left. go fast, turn left.  boring !!',1
'tree rats.......mmmmm',1
'so what comprises the other 79% market share of "male makeup products sold" ?',1
'what about supernatural?!?!?!',1
'i\'m thinking special discount for our muslim brothers and introduce them to ...the dark side.',1
'anyone who says they don\'t like cats has never really known a cat. they are missing out on something wonderful.',1
'wait, what?? uk is the british one!',1
'no but obama being elected was the biggest blooper  by you and obamanites!',1
'i\'m headed for 58-59 at the moment, so won\'t be quite as successful (congratulations!) - but yeah - exactly what i\'ve been doing.  there must be more of us around - i am starting to see an increase in positive posts.',1
'there have been cases of kids dying from inhaling peanut dust. look it up',1
'how would you grandpa simpsons know (if great music had been released)?',1
'this is why i take tai chi!! a guy had to be able to defend himself for goodness sake!',1
'disrespectful idiot.',1
'i just checked in for a weather report, and to my surprise, people are posting comments.  if you folks are posting comments about the weather, then all i can say is the same old line: "get a life".  how pathetic - do you have nothing better to do?  you must all be democrats.',1
'lmao that is a funny picture!!  did msn actually suggest political kool-aid was being served at an obama event??  ha ha ha ha  ha  msn news room has been invaded!  whoever it is writing such non-obama kiss-azz material will be unceremoniously thrown from the building in short order!',1
'you stupid azz, you misspelled illiterate.',1
'how truly sad, maybe someone found him and loves him like you do, we can always hope!',1
'are you the same "someone" posting spam datingsites?',1
'how does signing up for paperless billing save the customer the cost of a stamp? that saves the biller the costs of a stamp & the paper  involved.  if they want me to sign up they have to offer me some discount. i pay online & save the cost of that stamp.',1
'so much for pot making you lazy. colorado is the healthiest state according to the bmi index. hiking, biking, skiing, snowboarding, burning.',1
'hbcty.... so you proved my points.  as i mentioned role playing is encouraged in these classrooms, there is teaching focused on sexual positions to avoid pregnancy, and again homework where the students go to a drug store and "report" on condom\'s...  i already knew all those things, and i believe, as a parent, that most of these tactics are down right inappropriate.  i, for one, am not willing to have my kids shown sexual positions whether in a book form or otherwise~ most ppl call that pornography...  if they don\'t use textbooks for this, then how would they show the positions....  maybe they role play that too...  there are age appropriate ways to teach the important things that need to be taught. the few that we\'ve mentioned just happen to be the ones that i feel are not appropriate.  and, no, i am not some hokey, ignorant, church goer who is stupid enuf to think that kids don\'t have sex....  i\'m a educated, mature parent of two tweens who is able to sit and have very candid, embarrasing, and purposeful conversations w/ both of them, and believe that is and always will be my job.  i am against the philosophy that says parents should shut up and let the education system take cont',1
'yes, i enjoy being called a cracker',1
'eric h, i have to disagree with the first half of your post. because of the military we are free to post/say almost anything we want. we live in a democracy and by the constitution. these freedoms are slowly being eroded, but for now... we have freedom of speech because of people like danielle and tot-mom.      as for the second part of your post, i agree.',1
'this is a dumb joke, but how is it racist?',0
'this is our future.  this is what employers want, fresh minds with fresh ideas that are young and have this to offer the world of business.  yipppppeeee!!!',1
'finally signs of life, long live the human race.',1
'if neither one of them has a problem with it, then what we think is irrelevant.',1
'by the looks of it he already cast his vote.',1
'he is not a police officer!  additionally the meter can\'t be plugged for 5 minutes as the video stated.',1
'that is what this so called preident is doing to the american people   pissing on them',1
'no, i would not eat one of those. seems sick...',1
'same thing with stupid **** coments like yours',1
'some of us-straight and not have known this for along time.."those who doth protest too much" most of us have been told since elementary school that bullys are insecure about themsleves. they hurt other people to escape their own demise or make themselves feel powerful and in control of what ever they fear. it is sick. if people were truly honest to themselves about who they are instead of what society tells them to be, things would be better.following the natural path usually ends up the true path. all that matter is that you don\'t hurt people. period.',1
'raising awareness has always carried penalties. it depends on who\'s willing to pay the price for opening eyes - and minds.',1
'i agree, j bird, but sadly, the mag publishers wouldn\'t publish them if there wasn\'t money to be made from it... and that means people are willing to buy their magazine just to see some breasts.',1
'i didnt understant the thing with the knife :p',1
'lmao!',1
'what part about him not having experience being raised by two gay parents don\'t you understand? that being said, because he agrees with your opinion he\'s an expert right? much better for kids to languish in foster homes or on the street eh?',1
'i see both sides because i was a substitute teacher. i knew a kid who was so allergic to peanuts,  he could  die from coming into contact with them, just contact, not ingesting. some children have allergies to foods so bad, they can not be in the same room with it.  this is a life or death situation. if a kid could die from an allergy, then safe guards must be in place. and before any one says this kid should not be allowed to attend school, he was entitled to an education just like any other kid. he ate his lunch with his teacher in the classroom. all the kids in his classroom washed their hands after lunch. this  solution worked for this kid.',1
'what if they\'re allergic to gluten, sugar, eggs, and who knows what else? they going to ban those too? i have two friends that cannot eat eggs, but they\'ve always had the wherewithal to not consume products with them.',1
'well said, op.',1
'you sir are an idiot, plain and simple',1
'guess because i\'m always watching good shows on amc.  that station rocks.',1
'yes, both in tampa.  i parked at an open parking lot, paid for the parking and placed the receipt on my dash.  after work, i found a ticket on my windshield both times!  so.... i had to go to their office and get it cleared up, but i can\'t believe i got a ticket in the first place since my payment was prominently displayed.  what the h*ll?',1
'i never looked that deeply into another mans eyes. i guess you do..',1
'she is ugly. regardless of her color.',1
'absolutely, they probably don\'t even have anyone at that school that is allergic.',1
'tasteless, you bet. racist, hardly. do you clowns (no pun intended - oh my gosh, does that make me a racist ?) really believe that everything directed at minorities (real and/or imagined) is racist ?   i don\'t like obama because he is at very least a left wing socialist  amateur who is destroying our country so that makes me a racist. however, i greatly admire and would vote for herman cain because he\'s a conservative, who would also make a great president, so that also makes me a racist.  now i read that peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are racist. are you serious ?   mia love speaks at the rebublican convention so even she is a racist.   as inigo montoya told vizzini in "the princess bride" - "i don\'t think you know what that word means". people are getting real tired of your nonsense.',1
'dummy moans............ny times 09.16.2012 probably the most liberal publication out there.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'word up!',1
'i\'v never seen a rich white man wanting to be a poor white man either!',1
'also if you can\'t payoff your card at the end of the month you should not use one!!!!!!!!!!',1
'being a musician, i am a fan of buying albums from other musicians. i buy them the old fashioned way and add them to my physical collection of discs.',1
'.....be careful what you wish for........',1
'you may not be a racist, but you definitely are a clownist!!',1
'one donut cut in half with bacon and a egg would actually taste good.',1
'this is missing the best part of the story.  the good samaritan\'s car was parked behind the car with the flat tire.  a truck sideswiped that car and both men barely escaped getting hit.  if repeat samaritan had not stopped, the first guy would have gotten hit and probably killed.       a motorcyclist stopped me on the ohio turnpike to tell me my tire was going flat.  good guy even changed the tire for me.',1
'why not?',1
'a$$',1
'a$$ hole',1
'wayyyyyyy too much of that going on.',1
'i should have put a coma after "us".  i am not a cop, just a victim of a few dishonest ones, who endangered me following an accident.  of course, they got away with it, though.',0
'wtf  my post is gone       wow it came out with a 4" screen, 4g , a new bs docking port , and its slightly smaller whoohoooo!!!!!!!!!!!  ​  ​      ! told ya mike487',1
'where was the secret service?  that man has his gun out on the grassy knoll.',1
'hey art, you show your ignorance every time you type.',1
'these cats know how to chill!',1
'maybe ...because people died !!!!!',1
'still rather be single , no matter what the cost !',1
'viper67 = not-godfather',1
'so, what do you suppose the dumbocruds will do when they tax everything from the wealthy and still can not balance their budget?',1
'totally agree!!',1
'who cares how her name is spelled, a pos is still a pos.',1
'mama\'s back.... she never left us..... she was there working for us!!!!! but for her joy too! good job alicia keep it up!',1
'it really shouldn\'t be a surprise.  the only real question was how it would play out.     had the "great recession" not happened, it was still impossible for all the boomers (or even a decent majority) to retire young.     even if the boomers had saved relentlessly for retirement, there was, and still is, no place for them to store enough wealth to retire young.  individuals can do it, but in aggregate, there is no place to store enough wealth for all the boomers to retire at 55, or 60, or even 65.  many thought their houses would make them rich.  c\'mon, how can a house be worth more than, well, a house?  what were they thinking?    ',1
'manners?  really?  this is about people living together.  no. every child in the school should not be banned from eating peanuts ( or exposing another to their allergin).  why is there no responsibility to the child with the allergy.  in your opinion they should be given a allergy free zone with secret service like body guards to protect them from potential fatal contact.  dozens of seinfeld like bubble boys.  bow to those with an affliction, a minority, an injury.   if we all give special priveledge to these people then about 20% of society will be left to "take care" of these people.  in reality, these people just want the attention placed on them.  so they can feel special.  people who have allergies have medication to prevent a fatal reaction. why can\'t we live together?',1
'our first lady does not need help to be a disgrace',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'amazing and truly funny photos.  wish i could get that comfortable in any kind of place.',1
'you mean mrs. romney, right?',1
'want to really see how the rich are cashing in and how you can too? g00gle search the following term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page. you will see how penny stocks can make you tens of thousands every month. this is a trick that the wealthy have been doing for quite a while and now we can too!',0
'what a waste of a good car.',1
'@ man on man:  clearly you show your ignorance by failing to distinguish between homosexuality and pedophilia.   homosexuals are attracted to adults of the same sex.  they are not interested in children.  only pedophiles are attracted to children.  the point of the article is that pedophiles did infiltrate boy scouts, they did sexually abuse boys and boy scouts knew of it and then failed to report it.  there are currently catholic priests serving jail time for the same negligent behavior.  oh, by the way.  read a little freud.  it seems that those who are the loudest and the most obnoxious in their condemnation of homosexual behavior are often closet homosexuals themselves.  you might want to think about that when you\'re on your gay bashing tirades.  people reading your comments may just think that "thou protesteth too much."',1
'yes its way safer than alcohol',1
'agreed',1
'why\'d it take \'em so long?',1
'one has to remember what national geographic was known for way back before playboy to understand the joke. even then it is not much of a joke.   no the clown need not be fired, but should be told to make his jokes more timely.',1
'i\'m going to be utterly hated for this, lol...but my eyebrows are so perfect i am constantly asked where i get them done yet i have never plucked them or had them done even one time in my entire life.     sometimes genetics is your best friend, lol...',0
'thank the lord the sifi station didn\'t buy the rights for a movie instead. they manage to ruin most of their films with cheap and god awful special effects. not to mention the actors they hire having zero talent for the most part.       leave it alone. it\'s doing just fine where it is. well done production, directing, acting, writing. the whole ball of wax. great show.',1
'you are a first class a--',1
'i think human beings alot of them are innately evil.what the hell is wrong with people making fun of this beautiful courages women.ill never understand why people and how people could be so evil!does it make you fell better about your own life to pick on other human beings? how sad and pathetic you are then.',1
'he\'s not the only one. i work in dc, and watched a parking officer write a ticket for an out of state tagged car with about eight minutes left on the meter. wasn\'t my car but i ask why, she just laught.',1
'could the customer have had a problem communicating with the walmart employees? seems like it was a lack of comunicación? ¿hablas inglés?',1
'and if i felt the job didn\'t pay enough, i could leave or start my own business. isn\'t america great? why is it that if teachers, i.e., in chicago, that if they don\'t like what the job offers, they too can quit, and take another job, start a business or even better yet, open up a charter school if they wanted even more? no publicly funded union should ever have a right to strike en mass, nor should they be forced to pay dues at any level. a union by definition is a group of people that are trying to achieve the same goal by soilidarity. you can\'t force someone to be a member. it needs to be their choice. free will. but do not hold my children hostage.',1
'what a lameass comment . you must not be very intelligent ..',1
'so it was probably in bad taste. so is this one. what does a chicago democrats daughter holler when she\'s calling her daddy? uncle bob!!!',1
'um i personally don\'t know anyone who was born an adult...',1
'nope.  it\'s entertainment.  it may require the performers to be in top physical condition, but it is entertainment nonetheless.',1
'didn\'t moses follow one these things',1
'if she produces an original  script saying it was a movie about a comet then maybe i\'ll believe her but until then i\'m calling bs...she\'s just trying to save her own hide.',1
'i\'m looking forward to watching the debates. i might not be able to watch all of them live, but i will record them if i can\'t.',1
'have you ever been written a bogus ticket?  yes, and so have my kids. i\'m a totally law-abiding citizen, former usmc officer, spent 30 years with a top secret clearance, phd, grew up loving cops. the best man at my wedding was a cop. he\'s changed - they all have. they\'ve gone from honorable friends of the community to arrogant, lieing abusive jerks who are just another piece of the crime problem. yes, there are a few good ones, but they don\'t have the nads to fight the bad ones, so i guess really there are no good ones.',1
'don\'t believe the hype.',1
'of course, the clown should be fired.  children heard what he said and they need to know that he was fired.',1
'during the siege of vicksburg in 1863, civilians were happy to eat rats, and were surprised at how tasty they were.  said they tasted like squirrel.  makes sense.  squirrels are just cute, fluffy rats.',1
'as long as they are of legal age, and he\'s not forcing himself on them, not a problem.',1
'there goes two minutes of my life i will never get back.',1
'i can never understand why there is a always some a-hole that feels that it is  necessary to take a political cheap shot at the president of the united states in a  survey about pro wrestling.  why not log onto a political survey and show the entire  world how incredibly stupid you really are.',1
'mcprofit strikes again.  why don\'t the ****es leave it on the menu year round if it\'s such a hot seller.',1
'what the hell happened to freedom of speech?',1
'sure, why not? can\'t be any worse than pink slime.',1
'its your duty to sit on a jury .... wtf dude, do you want dregs on the jury in your court case thinking like you do? ........ i bet you would want some level headed resonable people to be deciding your fate.',1
'scumbag',1
'serve and protect has changed to harass and collect',1
'a$$',1
'it\'s rodent!  soylent green is ro-deeeennnntttt!!!',1
'it\'s probably more of a sport than nsacar',1
'i\'ve never been able to bring myself to buy a digital file. it just doesn\'t feel a real product. i have records from when i was a kid and tapes even 8track tapes plus cd\'s but with no cover art or physical product a digital file seems like a song on the radio. and those are free. i\'ll check out music online and if i like it i\'ll buy the cd. i like to listen on you tube they get paid for that.',1
'pretty easy to throw in a quarter to get some time on the meter, then start filming.  we only see from when he started filming.  a bit fishy...  unless he\'s only used his card and it was for al onger time and he can prove that no coin was added after.         a meter reader guy would have to be a moron to allow someone to film him writing an overdue ticket for someone with 5 minutes left on a meter.  but maybe that\'s what happened.',1
'hbkb, it seems you need a little more explanation. even in my post, i indicated not all would do this for the very reason you mentioned.  now, lets put it another way.  lets say those who went to work, and i can\'t blame them for that, but lets say they all chose to boycott just one brand of gas.  now, that station(s) is(are) not selling gas!!! other stations are.  what do you thing would happen?  don\'t you think the boycotted stations would lovwe their prices?  now, the other stations are higher, so what will they do when they begin to lose customers?  it seems to me a gas war has been created to lower the prices.  but, if we have to do that, then for that reason and hundreds of other reasons, we need to send all politicians in washington home too!  so, my post may be "stupid" to you or maybe you are just the one who needed it spelled out a little better.  seems other people had no problem understanding.  so now, who is the \'stupid\' one?',1
'who cares.  a boob is boob, unless she has three.',1
'except we don\'t live in a rational society. and it maybe that her christmas as ruined. i worked as a cashier as walmart before and you do not, under any circumstances, tear up bad bills. you have to submit them to the cash office and they have to call the cops. what an idiot!',1
'catzzzzzzzz',1
'written by some idiot called gonzo gusman.     "of course blacks are more racist than whites are..   blacks hate white people for being white..   and, they hate themselves for being black..   and, always remember this... there are a lot of poor blacks that wish they were rich whites...   but, you will never find a rich white person that wants to be a poor black..       sometimes the truth hurts."     you are totally clueless. nothing you said is true. all you did is express your personal, biased feelings. we don\'t ',1
'lol greengirl, i didn\'t mean to imply you were! i was just thinking that when my mom was young, they wouldn\'t have had a clue (she\'s in her 60\'s) and we found out a few years ago that my constant sniffles and illnesses as a child were caused by an undiagnosed milk allergy (i\'m in my 40\'s). people fed babies solids with much less trepidition back then, and any reaction may have been swift an misdiagnosed because it wasn\'t common. that\'s all i meant :)',1
'absolutely not! i like men that wear carhartts, hunt, fish and certainly don\'t wear eyeliner!',1
'it\'s *',1
'i\'m so sorry about your kitty.  :(',1
'blow me!  meat is good.  cow tastes yummy.  eat your rabbit food.  i will eat the rabbit.  local chapter president  peta  (people eating tasty animals)',1
'ronaldo actually has a nicer car than the bentley they show: he owns a lamborghini aventador too.',1
'i\'ve photograph rodeos all over america. you wouldn\'t believe all the racist garbage that flows from the mouths of these kinds of manure caked dumbos. funny thing is, most of the time the trailer trash at these events agree with and cheer on the mud-bug eating arena jester.',1
'all cops are ignorant they are taught to break the constitution and think its ok. even the cops that i know in real life are ignorant idiots, yes some of my friends sisters are married to cops and they all think that weed is like crack until they realized i smoked a lot of weed and i was a normal working citizen who doesnt go out killing and raping... do they know better know yes but when they are taught ignorance thats about all they know. if every citizen was rich there would be no cops because they would be getting sued daily and losing and people would be tired of footing the bill for them breaking the constitution.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'it appears that batman has lost his cape and cowl.',1
'my parents had not been out together in quite some time. one saturday, as mom was finishing the dinner dishes, my father stepped up behind her. "would you like to go out, girl?" he   asked.   not even turning around, my mother quickly replied, "oh, yes, i\'d love to!"   they had a wonderful evening, and it wasn\'t until the end of the evening that dad finally confessed that his question had actually been directed to the family dog, lying near mom\'s feet   on the kitchen floor.',0
'lol!!!!',1
'what i know is true (relevant or not), because here you are... what i fear is not you, lol. thugs drool.    and, i am not roland gunslinger.',1
'i\'d have asked for my money back and hoped the store compensated me in some way for the decision of the idiot clerk. they were not charged. the store apologized. it sounds as if the butt hurt shopper is looking at walmart as soft touch.',1
'if she isn\'t concerned about his age and he doesn\'t mind hers, then who are we to judge?',1
'so thats whats been eating at iq~  yes, i too was a gm bondholder once, but i parlayed those out and bought govt agency issues which i also sold later.   maybe you need to have that quotient re-tested...or buy a  better crystal ball.',1
'they were liberal plants.',1
'josh the child molestor says "i love 12 year old boys, they\'re tart and tangy"',1
'okay, normal person 1, you want facts, try this on for size, you $hitforbrains:     the national debt has skyrocketed since o-bum-a took the oath of office.     the price of gas is at least double what it was when president jackass took office.     unemployment is also zooming.     but that\'s okay, better days will start when that $hita$$ is defeated in november!',1
'you sure are grumpy most of the time',1
'terri you are 100% correct!',1
'i hope she gets every penny',1
'you\'re asking the wrong questions. you need to ask how many businesses suffered damage due in part to the occupy movement. the tea party has been committed to following constitutional values and fiscal responsibility.',1
'those who didn\'t laugh didn\'t get it!',1
'wow...you\'re doing a great job of looking pretty racist yourself',1
'proving your racism, don\'t whine when labeled.  you label yourself.',1
'bullta you are either butt ugly, or boring or both. in any case use the yellow pages and look under call service and you can say you had a recent date!',1
'sure have; and i beat it in court, too. the cop was caught perjuring himself twice, also. after the judge dismissed the ticket, he congrated me o9n my excellent defense. then he chewed the cop out in front of the courtroom. mine was the first case of the day.(my car outran the cop, after he followed me with his headlights off for @ 10 blocks. he told the judge i was traveling "at a high rate of speed", and the judge was already fed up with the cops\' lying; he asked how fast i was going, the cop told him he couldn\'t catch up enough to clock me; so the judge said that he didn\'t know how fast i was going, did he. too bad i lived in a small town, and had the only car like mine in the county, so they knew where to find me.  for about the next 6 months, if one of the local cops saw me, he would turn around and go the other way.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'we\'ve got some winners - heart surgeons - and we\'ve got some losers - mcdonalds and dunkin donuts.',1
'great luxury suv, especially for the price',1
'as jim carrey might say, "yummy!"',1
'sorry.. i do not have an international stomach to eat rat...',1
'@gorebal - check out some clips from religulous - he makes fun of all religions, including islam.',1
'nice try i spelled lefty correctly the first time , dingus .',1
'and btw qwerty23, why would you be so willing to give someone else (the bank) your money?  once it leaves your possession, you are given no guarantees you\'ll get it back.  just look at how many people have lost their money in the housing market.  they gave sometimes large down payments to the bank, but the bank never guaranteed the people would get it back.  and many didn\'t.',1
'you get barbecue sauce and onion on a bun with a picture of a rib.',1
'are these the too big to fail banks?. i have zero balance, i simply dont trust themand they are failing.',1
'@truthhurts sounds like your granddoughter needs to have her mind opened up to other foods and stop being a brat....',1
'you go girl!',1
'just new york city for now.',1
'oh my word! the more i read your posts, the more you sound like my dad,(i am not refering to age by any means). he\'s a gunsmith who tolorates my mom\'s cat. ;)',1
'what amazes me is how quickly racist people rush to denounce all new information. how can they not be ignorant.',1
'and apparently, from what i\'ve been told, some women have two!!!!',1
'it\'s been estimated the pictures were taken from at least a half mile away. that\'s further than i can see, even with glasses on. i don\'t think it would occur to most people that some dirtbag would go trolling around in a rural area with a lens that powerful to get pics like that. the worst damage from this isn\'t to her reputation (really, she and her husband are in love and were having fun, glad to see they\'re happy!) but the fact that she will forever be looking over her shoulder for the rest of her life no matter where she is.',1
'you forgot true blood!',1
'dog is for koreans, horse is french..',1
'if you believe, as a christian, that " we are all sinners," then what makes you more special than the other "sinners," moron? and what the hell are you doing passing judgement and exacting punishment? isn\'t that your god\'s job?  you\'re a liar, kirk. all your pedantic sophistry is nothing but a smoke screen to mask your sense of superiority, fear and hatred over those whom you preach against.  you\'d better hope that your god does not exist.',1
'scumbag',1
'a$$ wipe',1
'what does any of this hate speech have to do with a rodeo clown being fired.  you\'re just like all the other democrats that can\'t answer a simple question without going off on some idiotic tirade about something entirely different than the original topic.',1
'welcome to kentucky fried chicken',1
'i think he did a great job of pointing out about how "fair and balanced" fox really is...that they will deal with anyone, at any time, who is against obama.',1
'where is the rain? where is the wind? this smoke is horrible.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'its california!  they really do need the money.',1
'apparently you were speeding!',1
'i\'ve seen better...',1
'deemed not and adam s, not to disappoint you, but i did live through the civil rights movement, and i had to deal with the open racism of that time. stop speaking as if you have knowledge of things that you are clueless of. it only makes you look biased and uneducated. by the way, africans were given a choice during slavery. they could take the white man\'s weapons and capture other groups of africans, or it was made clear that the weapons would be given to another group. somewhat like being between a rock and a hard place isn\'t it? it was somewhat like those great deals the native americans were given.',1
'best reply i\'ve ever seen',1
'goths have been in the states for a long time',1
'well there is a big difference between blacks and nig-ers.',1
'long on rhetoric short on facts.  very strong language when targeted towards the president.  the language on both sides is very disturbing!',1
'me too living,i like pelosi as far away as posible',1
'dirty cop!!!!',1
'obama obama obama, first of all stop with the political correctness, i\'m sick of hearing it, and for the idiots that keep giving them something to wine about and saying stupid things, shut up... i am am tired of all the sissy wuss population that live there lives off hollywood and refuse to see that this country is falling apart because of whats with in. it seems to me that this was the greatest place on earth to live and dwell for centuries  and if you don\'t notice whats happening now your a bunch of idiots! a house divided can not stand,  what do you have now, i got nothing against any race or ethnicity of people but there cultures and views are tearing apart the greatest nation in the world. shut up with all the political correctness,  be a real and if some one says something to you that bothers you let it run off your back and ignore it,  don\'t you remember "stick and stones will break my bones".  your all a bunch of wack jobs that obama is a great president and further more the obamas "especially michelle" got chips on both shoulders and have there own bias and racest views.  stop pulling the race cards all the time! things go both ways, and here is another fact for you obama ',1
'hey moron, you are a beauty. i would love to leave you on a mountain with no food or water. do the world a favor.',1
'since we are now all off the subject of the question...where are those taxes mittens??',1
'maybe the "music people" can tell me where to find what i\'m looking for when it comes to a particular sinatra tune.  many years ago (the 1980s or even 70s), there was a single album "budget" line comp of some of frankie\'s best tunes.       it has an astonishing moment on it.  fs does a take of "moon river" where he takes it all the way down (slowly) for about 10 seconds or so and then slowly brings it back up.  the track itself must have been from the 1940s or 1950s.       clearly he was practicing something similar to circular breathing, but i\'ve never again been able to find the track after getting rid of virtually all of my vinyl collection. can anyone id it for me please?       cy',1
'when the world\'s overpopulation has caused food shortages why would one not eat whatever they were offered and whatever is available. i would not want to eat rat, but if it came down to starving or eating rat i would most certainly eat the rat, and be grateful for it. some people are so spoiled they can\'t imagine what starvation is like.',1
'he should have to take a time reading course at his experience and have to pay the fine and get 30 days off with out pay i had that happen ocean city n.j. a cop gave a ticket for over due meter which it was thought it was 30 min for a quarter they give you 25 min  my fault but all day a ccar was parked at at an over due meter for 5 hours when meter maid went past car i asked why they did not get ticket she said they were told not to ticket cars with a fraternal order of police sticker just another perk for a cop which is illegal i found out',1
'all good pics! i have a cat that looks like the little guy in the second photo and he likes to sleep on the grate of the floor furnace. i think he likes the gentle warmth given off by the pilot light.',1
'hmmmmmm  was the clown in blackface or real white with big red lips and a ball-like nose?   he didn\'t have big shoes on too, did he?         da jackson, a good white racist joke, is imus.       why is it that people don\'t mind it when a politician says one thing to one group, and another to another group?  just asking what the difference is.  no one seems to mind the politician.',1
'banks were forced to give high risk loans to losers.  i hate the bailout as much as the next guy but the more i research instead of watching fux or msn it is getting harder to blame them as much.       shouldn\'t of bought a house you couldn\'t afford without a plan b, plain and simple.     i make enough money to finance a $500k home and buy a ferrari if i wanna make payments for the next 10-30 years.  not stupid enough to go out and actually do it!!!',1
'hey,  i\'ve lived in my home for 11 years.  i have an outrageous interest rate of 7.6 % on a 30 year loan.  i have never missed a house payment. i paid $30, 000 down on my $57, 000 house and cannot get it refinanced.  i\'m told i "don\'t owe enough money".   i owe $20,000.  that may not be much to them, but to me, a person who makes $34,000 a year, it\'s alot of money.   any suggestions?',1
'my favorite explanation of all time. i will however try to help those that "don\'t understand". the tenth man, the richest does not represent the 1%, he represents the top 10% (1 in 10, or 10%) of wage earners that pay 58% of all taxes.the bottom 40% in this example pay 0, but the truth is that come tax refund time, they are actually get "paid to drink beer". for what its worth. save this to your hard-drive, it is worth sharing with those that feel the top 10% don\'t pay enough. and why that idiot from facebook left the country with 320m to drink his beer elsewhere. yeah, i don\'t like him much either, but if he was going to get beat up and unappreciated for wealth generation, then perhaps i must at least respect his decision. everyone should at least pay something for his or her beer, and perhaps even this old republican can see the top 10% paying jsut a little bit more. we are as a matter of fact 16trillion in debt. to those again who don\'t understand... thats a lot of beer.',1
'okay...that\'s not racist at all',1
'yes single people et \'safted\' in the world in almost every catagory u chose. it is outright discrimination. in the world of business and travel, singles pay a \'singles\' tax."',1
'so let me get this straight, it would have been an ok joke with you had it been hustler that made the $10.00 offer?',1
'hey rt, someone found a place for you after all!',1
'omg i love this show i cant wait to see the new season',1
'because she is suing for slander, defamation of character, and wrongful imprisonment. if you do some research on this the store employees were telling a whole lot of people that she tried to pass of counterfeit notes, and didn\'t even double check the bills with a bill marker.',1
'i\'m sorry but msn runs pro gay stories non stop, which is all part of their evil gay agenda to try and get people to engage and participate in the evil, sick, and perverted sin of homosexuality!  why doesn\'t msn try to get people to participate in all the sins, like hey everybody lets rob banks, rape, pillage, and murder all you want, because those sins are good for our society also.  there is a reason why you can\'t name a single sin that is good for any society, and homosexuality is 100 percent considered a sin by god, jesus christ, and the holy bible.      do these people really not realize that people are happy when gay pedophiles are weeded out, and kept away from their innocent kids.  i don\'t care how they do it, i don\'t want gay pedophiles around my kids, if you want you kids to hang out with gay pedophiles  then send your kids to jerry sandusky camp, but leave my kids out of it, i want them to make a million lists if that is what it takes to keep every single gay pedophile away from my kid!',0
'when michelle said 4 years ago this is the first time she was proud to be an american did anyone consider that racist? of course not but if hillary clinton had said it we would still be putting her down for it. just saying.',1
'you are totally clueless. nothing you said is true. all you did is express your personal, biased feelings. we don\'t hate white people, we hate ignorant bigots who remind us of the violent past we were subjected to, and the biased, unfair behavior. we would never enslave you, hang you, or persecute you in any way. the only thing we want is equality, and for some reason, the country insist on resisting that demand. i can\'t speak for all, but i have always loved myself for who i am. i will never want to be anything other. i am a compassionate, loving person who want to see everyone well educated, and able to enjoy a decent quality of life. those are qualities that some of you lack. i have no desire to keep anyone down to make myself feel better. i don\'t see race, i see humanity. i know that we can coexist, and i trust that the melting pot and intelligence will make that a reality.',1
'kitti . . . why are you insulting people online ?',1
'geeze, that\'s one helluva rambling rant... thugs drool.',1
'screw michelle obama........she is the most angry ol\' black b*tch i have ever seen. what can you expect from a black muslim whore!!!',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'who the heck is drake? i buy all my cd\'s used',1
'best laugh i\'ve had all day',1
'it has always amazed me what positions cats can lay in; i learned later that they have very flexible spines, and can lay any way they want.  all of the pictures are great; the one where one of the cats is laying with its belly up reminds me of how one of my cats lays for a short nap.  like one of the posters has said, if you don\'t like cats, you won\'t like the pictures.  i have three, and they are a huge part of our small family.',1
'no.',1
'ct,  is that you ?',1
'my cholesterol jumped 100 points just looking at the picture.',1
'you can\'t teach an old liberal.',1
'i would try it.',1
'a racist clown? they\'re all clowns as far as i\'m concerned.',1
'he\'s right, learn to drive or stay off the road!',1
'lol they never step back and catch themselves in stupidity.',1
'for crying out loud people, they are just breasts, you know, women have them to feed their babies...',1
'koch bros said he didnt \'suck\' hard enough at their teat.  but i think its because he \'sucks\' very much at his current job.  with more like him, obama\'s win is a cinch!',1
'pos',1
'midincome... in this case i think the child\'s parents owned an epi-pen. however, the school did not when she accidentally ingested the peanut-laced food given to her at recess. in this sad case, it was too late to save the child. this is why legislation was passed to make sure every virginia school is prepared for situations like this. btw, many daycares ban peanut products as well. i\'f i\'m not mistaken, a major airline no longer serves peanuts for this same reason. eating peanuts in an enclosed area could expose a passenger to the dust.. etc',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'a$$',1
'i\'m seeing alot of clown bigotry here, and it\'s very disturbing!!!!  save the clown!!!!',1
'considering our national debt, and considering the bush tax breaks are apparently going to last forever, i don\'t think there should be a marital tax benefit.  it discriminates against single people and it discriminates against gays.  you should get a tax break for each dependent, and this includes a non-working spouse, but when both spouses work, they hardly need another tax break on top of it all.  married couples should not be allowed to file jointly.     i like the way this author ended the article, and i don\'t mind being informed or warned about the impending need to save for retirement, but articles like this can be used by parents to pressure young people to marry when they don\'t want to.  it may cost more to be single, but the improvement in quality of life is well worth it if you haven\'t found the person you want to marry, or simply prefer to remain single.  when i was 18, i thought i\'d wait until my 30s to marry.  by the time i was 22, i knew i wanted to remain single forever.  i\'m now 37, and don\'t regret that decision one bit.',1
'she put herself in this situation.  she knows she\'s a paparazzi magnet now that she\'s "royalty". i say keep you d**n shirt on because nobody cares to see your ta tas!!',1
'caution: this might take 2 or 3 generations, however.',1
'my daughter worked for a vet hospital 6 years ago when an 8 week old puppy was brought in with multiple injuries suffered when tossed out the window of a moving car. the people in the car behind that car stopped and brought the dog to the hospital. the puppy recovered, my daughter fell in love and kayman became part of our family. a year ago, during a routine checkup, it was discovered that she(dog) was going blind. she is now about 90% blind. it was meant to be that she end up where people will love and care for her always. she is our angel and we love her dearly. i still dream about meeting up with the a**hole that caused her pain. she also likes to tear the squeakers out of stuffed animals. must be a doggie thing.',1
'correction: my first house was bought on private contract. my second house had a bank mortgage book. the first house was an investment duplex. the second house was my home for 27 years. i paid it off in three years. i actually had to borrow money to pay off my current house i have lived in for seven years. (it\'s now paid for.) real estate used to be a good investment. i couldn\'t honestly tell you what a good investment would be nowadays. invest in your health, education, and shared family memories.',1
'pos',1
'disrespect for a white or black president or the first lady is racism regardless who says it but especially in ths context this so called joke that wasn\'t. if it was a black man talking about a white first lady what kind of response do you think he would get. really! the republicans are a bunch of racist morons, i stand by that.',1
'if your allegic to do-gooder maybe you should keep your damned self off these boards. disappear!',1
'now, the dryer might become a kitty nightmare. . . .',1
'the most classy lady i have ever seen swinging from a vine    awawaw, awawaw,awawaw',1
'yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'i have no opinion on whether he should forgive her or not.  that is his decision and his alone.  relationships are complicated and cannot be judged on a general basis, but individually.  i do believe that kristen is sorry for what she did.  however, that doesn\'t mean that her character has deepened or she has matured enough to make a relationship work.  if you really love someone, you put them first. even more than that; you find happiness in putting them first.  i believe that every couple should go to counselling to obtain some tools for making a relationship work.  the first lesson in any relationship should be,  it\'s not all about me.  if he\'s putting her first and she\'s putting him first, then they should get what they need, or pretty close anyway.  it appears that rob "gets it". i pray that kristen has learned much, matured some, and realizes how valuable love is.  rob is a good guy, she should cherish him or leave him alone.  as for rob, who is smart enough to know this, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of your life.',1
'wow, that is so true, kenya.  my new fiance is worth millions, looks better than jennifer anniston, and loves me every night.  and i met her on millionairefemalehoo  ​ kup.  try it, you\'ll liike it.',1
'tony...most people can\'t even remember the 5 and dimes..  kresge coming out of troy, mi. and morphing into kmart, should still be around as a powerhouse, but is drying up in many places; maybe because of sears holding? too bad..',1
'agree their job is to write tickets... but, he is not a "cop"  and doesn\'t have the same power as the police!',1
'so so funny lol !! i love cats. been a cat person all my life. i love all animals but cats and i understand each other. in fact my cat ashe ( god rest her soul ) woke me up right before an minor earthquake occured many years ago. apparently she felt the vibrations before us humans and was paceing back and forth and steady meowing. this was not her normal behavior and woke me from my sleep and about 10 mins later the ground started shaking. cats are spiritual animals, thats why they were held in high esteem in anicient kemit (egypt).',1
'i don\'t know if i would call it strictly a sport, maybe more of an entertainment sport. there are moments when it does resemble a sport but then the rest just takes off in another direction all together.',1
'yes very much so.  but this has nothing to do with that.  this piece of trash was trolling all my posts last week.',1
'mmmmmmmm, rat.  the other white meat.',1
'antoine - how do you know?',1
'she has always been delusional, nobody listens until it\'s too late....look how she steamrolled healthcare over the wishes of the american people....she didn\'t listen to the people she pushed it through anyway',1
'it\'s easy to see when the tears well up and the excess runs down his chin.',1
'd!ck wad',1
'this meter man is an embarrasment to all cops.       i worked in a small town police dept. when my boss was a road cop there was a big municipal push on for parking ticket enforcement. they didn\'t get why the cops had little or no time to do time limit enforcement. eg: no parking on streets 3-6 am, something the officers got to when they could (working short all the time).      problem; a restaurant that opened at 4 am. the road cop cited a council trustee parked on the street in front of the restaurant. problem solved.',1
'god bless this guy, glad he made it back. ill keep you in my prayers bud.... thank you for your service, and based on your blanket, go steelers.... go america... need to start a petition to get this man to a football game stat!',1
'i am allergic to perfumes and colognes. seriously, i cannot breath! especially when it is over used. it fouls the air and i find that, when subjected to it, it becomes more and more difficult to take a breath. several times i have had to dig out my inhaler just to get enough air to get the heck out of the room. meetings at work are a nightmare for me. can we ban them from all public areas? i find second hand perfume just as offensive and harmful as second hand smoke. maybe people should have to take classes on how, how much, and when to apply before they can purchase it - then they have to have a handlers license or something.',1
'the kid wasn\'t as funny as he could have been. but what i do find funny is that msn commenters are saying how obama (or "libtards") supporters are dumb, when the entire interview is supposed to be about the tyke switching over to romney. wouldn\'t that make romney supports the idiots?',1
'you have just proven msn\'s statement that rodeo clowns are racist.  how dare you disgrace our first lady!',1
'knowitall1, are you that dumb? do you really believe that obama has done all that? let me guess, his people have taken info that bush gathered and used it, they didn\'t capture any of them alive, so we could get more information, just shot or dropped a bomb on them? finally, obama, really doesn\'t like going after his brother muzy\'s. last but not least, embassy\'s are considered our soil. we just lost four people,last time that happened carter was on watch, and what does the obama administration do, apologize. you can\'t trust people born in africa',1
'hell, yeah!',1
'ya and they stink!!! wash em!!!',1
'i cannot believe the spark, sonic, or cruze do not make this list.  oh thats right these lists are typically japanese loving articles.',1
'he should be reprimanded, not fired.  if he continues to do it then can him.  i\'m not a fan of the current potus, but these stupid racial supposed to be jokes are horrible. we are all human beings!!',1
'let me guess you have never seen anything like you speak of, you are a pig, you take your coward parking cops word over a citizen, and completely lack common sense.  people like you are easy to call out, your words speak your true actions.',1
'i dont see why the fed is printing more to pump into banks that are not loaning. when i got my first house i qualified for 103000. the house i got was 64000. no where near what i could have got. one must buy within their means.however much the house payment is, is what one needs to earn a week.',1
'i call b.s. a 99 taurus would need to be going down a mountain pass with a 60 mph tailwind to get 37 mpg. my 2.0 liter, manual trans. honda only gets 30 mpg. and runs perfectly.',1
'viper viper do i have to tell you?..with the hookers of course!',1
'someone get a life this is cat talk',1
'ceo\'s ........come on nofanofthe deal. these people have been tearing down companies for years. i have no faith in ceo\'s.....way over payed bums...all of them!',1
'the officer who wrote the ticket should be fired and everyone who has had a ticket from this officer and paid the fine should be reimbursed. this was blantant disreguard from a officer of the law.',1
'i bet you your life americans are not in the top ten, or that white people are not in the top five. prove me wrong',1
'it\'s better to be alone, then married to strife.......be patient.',1
'maybe they outta call it "mcmonkey".  they used kangaroo meat extensively in the 70\'s, i hear maybe it is monkey now.',1
'i can\'t believe some of the comments i have seen here.  the selfishness of some of you is unbelievable.  there has always been people with nut allergies it is just that it is more noticeable now a days because people know more about it.  it was a good thing for them to have taken the sandwich away.  you might not feel the guilt of causing something to your childs classmate but i can guarantee that your child would feel guilty for causing an allergic reaction.  imagine how he or she would feel if they caused a friend to die because they were eating that sandwich near them.  all it takes for an allergic reaction is to breathe around someone eating a sandwich or eating a handful.  whatever happened to respect of other people?  were you raised to be that selfish?  you live in a world where people live right next door to you, weren\'t you raised with manners or respect of other people?  there are signs posted in the school telling you that peanuts are not allowed.  school newsletters tell you the same thing.  pay attention, you tell your kids to pay attention now it is your turn.  my grandson has a classmate with a nut allergy and he and his classmates have no problem dealing with the ru',1
'and if romney is elected, we might be hungry, but we can sleep well at night knowing the chinese are well fed.',1
'may god bless both of them from here on.',1
'i can\'t tell if you\'re being sarcastic or not, but anyone that comes to this country as a new citizen, then starts defrauding people and selling meth, needs to go back where they came from. america has enough of it\'s own criminals without accepting criminals from other countries.',0
'i work in l.a. and the officer involved is not a police officer, he is simply a "traffic officer." one who directs traffic at busy intersections and also writes parking tickets. this video has no standing since it doesn\'t show the time prior to to officer arriving. for all we know, the guy video recording the incident could have showed up after the time expired and fed the meter a dime. yes, the parking meters will accept dimes and nickels, not just quarters or $1 coins. not only that, the guy video recording may not even be the owner of the vehicle but simply a passer by since he doesn\'t even attempt to discuss the parking ticket with the officer.',1
'i\'d have to convince my husband, lol.',1
'pos',1
'yes! i can agree with making women feel comfortable in their own skin!  only in their skin!! fine with me!!!  anyone like lotion, please????',1
'yeah,  lol lol  the guy probably is unemployed  being supported by a woman , with a government check,    gold grills  and teeth,  and has his pants half way down his legs,  with his underwear showing like rappers and jailbirds,    and listening  to and thinking lil wayne is a role model.   lol lol lol',1
'it\'s nice that he caught it on tape. great evidence. his case is as good as won.',1
'donating blood, platelets, plasma, etc already pays--if you go to a donation center.  it pays even more if you have certain types of blood or have, for instance, received immunizations against anthrax virus.',1
'life is so lonely,i am a single biker woman,i’m seeking someone who can love me and share the passion for speed, i also uploaded my hot photos on ~~~ seekriders (dot com)  ~~~ under the name of julie..it is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers.i hope you will check my photos out there. maybe you are the one who i’m looking for！！！                      ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'didnt get the joke...besides who listens to a clown telling jokes. he is suppose to be exactly what he is.....a clueless clown, looking dumb and stupid...how else do you qualify to get a clown\'\'s job',1
'thanks oregontoo. i normally don\'t do political comments on here or replies. as pointless as war may seem eric, we have seen the outcome of trying to sign peace treaties. the first wtc attacks happened when clinton was in office signing peace treaties. as much as i would love "world peace", there will never be such a thing. if you don\'t fight those sob\'s on their on turf, they come over here in america and get us....thus 9-11 all over again. you take the oath to serve knowing that you might not come back. i did my eight years and came out in 2005, right before the afghanistan deployments. :(',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.                ',0
'a lot of these should never have even been tv shows.',1
'yes, some men are just plain ugly  maybe a little cover uo would be just great.',1
'our secret service in action again',1
'hey kate, .................nic  ​ e rack and pooter!',1
'i will give jeffy a kudos for most awesome blanket statement of the day.   otherwise, i think its a blanket that will probably be unraveled by light and logic.',1
'hahahah well said herekitti!!!',1
'yes, but it was more a difference of opinion than just a jerk cop.  i was at a stop sign on a steep hill driving a standard shift car.  let off the brake and started rolling backward so i punched it and pulled out onto an empty road just as a cop turned the corner to see me "run" the stop sign.  he insisted on writing a ticket because even if my story was true he contended i should have stopped again if i rolled back more than 1/2 car length.',1
'@cupcake -  "whoever it is writing such non-obama kiss-azz material will be unceremoniously thrown from the building in short order!"  as a wise woman recently suggested, we pay a price for going "off script!"',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'same to you,doll !!',1
'hmmm,   us population = 314.39m (+ how many unregistered immigrants?)  uk population = 62.26m    us downloads = 96m  uk downloads = 43m    us downloads per capita = ~0.30 per person (not even counting the illegals using us ip addresses to download).  uk downloads per capita = ~0.69 per person.   ',1
'indie artist are the best.  i will support them like i do the indie films.',1
'perhaps it is you that should get your facts straight. i have seen plenty of photos and painting of men from that period, many without thier wigs and thier hair could definitely be considered rather long (although you\'re right about george washington). besides if the fashion of the day is long hair it really doest matter if you use a wig to more easily acheive the effect or whether you grow out your own hair. after all make up itself (the subject of the article) is also something we wear, not something we grow. i seriously doubt that anyone today would draw a distinction between a man with naturally long hair and one who wears a long wig. and back the it was all just a matter of semantics, an upper class rationalization of why thier artifical long hair somehow put them above the common man while real long hair made someone of a lower class. the point is, and one you seemed to have missed, that very manly men (barbarian or not) have worn thier hair (or wigs) long during many points in time throughout mankinds long and sorted history. anyway i think most people who are secure in thier own intellect (not psuedo-intellectuals  ​ ) can see that i was trying to make a point, not give an ',1
'he was not a traffic "cop"!',1
'you are spewing much hate today. i will help you out however, i think the words you were trying to say is fumigated and watermelon. and you and yours are gone. you are welcome.. have a blessed day..',1
'you almost had them floating...right up until you endangered their tax havens.  and this is really funny, since alias doesnt have enough to have any tax havens  in this country.  ha ha ha.....',1
'yes.  the last thing we need is clowns telling bad jokes.',1
'its all bout the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!',1
'b pumps sm. consumers pump appl.  you out you rot.  you in you sin.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i like the explanation because i like analogies and metaphors. but siobhan27 has the best point of them all. the guy paying nothing is doing so because he has nothing. and based on the way the 2nd example is put, the 10th guy, though paying more, is actually getting off because he\'s only fronting 49% of the bill. which means that though he\'s making the most money, he\'s paying less of the over all bill, which is left for the lesser earners to cover. in our reality, the 10th guy would be the owner of a business while the others would be respective workers in his company. though without him, they can\'t have beer. without them he wouldn\'t make a dime. our country is built around the fact that the rich are usually rich based on investments made in the consumer. if the consumer doesn\'t make money, then the consumer doesn\'t spend. if the consumer doesn\'t spend then the company will go under. it\'s in the 10th guy\'s best interest to make sure that his companions are consistently with money because that insures his cash floor and his brew flow as well.',1
'dear lilo    the reason  "manic mandy "  has not received jailtime  , and you have ........well because , you  lilo darlin used up your  get out of jail free cards a  friggin long ..long time ago.......now .... . you  are a  an over exposed,  dysfunctional, firecrotch exposing nut job.  and a certifiable   kleptomaniac ( hope  i spelled that right,) who no one has given a damn about since your pathetic disney remake of "herbie the love bug" (if they really gave a damn then)  you more than likely , lindsey are going to wind up a friggin drugged out washed up never was, recluse  and also  because , at least "manic mandy"  still looks youthful  and cute, and well pretty much salvagable ,  while you lindsey on the other hand,  look just plain old used up,  like some body rode you hard and put you up wet !!!!!!  mmmmk ... it might help though,  if you gave that dude his jewelery back... i know you probably gave him some face to drop the charges and all, but yeah .... you give his stuff back.  ',1
'i saw that episode too and yes, it was funny.',1
'its better than what the did to di. the f(&king paparazzi i mean',1
'as i prepare to deliver a 3 hour youth protection seminar to new adult scout leaders next weekend, it seems appropriate to chime in and identify some items which might clarify some attitudes.  as i\'ll include this article & posts, as well as this summer\'s scout stories & posts, it would be worthwhile to learn if anyone\'s attitude adjusts as a result.  the bsa does not own or supervise or control the individual boy scout troop, cub scout pack, or venture post.  there is a continuous misconception that bsa supervises the adult volunteers.  rather, every single bsa unit is individually chartered to a church, a vfw, a legion, an elks club, lions club, or a \'concerned group of citizens\'.  the chartering organization accepts the legal obligation of sponsoring the scout unit, selecting adult leaders through a chain of command recommended by bsa, ensuring procedures are followed established by bsa, their own internal procedures, and various community/state laws and prohibitions.  and the chartering organization owns all the stuff purchased by the scout unit, can arbitrarily disband the scout unit, and keep/sell any scout equipment be',1
'cut all aid. i support israel, but they need to take care of themselves. usa first.',1
'life is so lonely,i am a single biker woman,i’m seeking someone who can love me and share the passion for speed, i also uploaded my hot photos on ~~~ seekriders (dot com)  ~~~ under the name of julie..it is dating and friendship site designed specifically for bikers.i hope you will check my photos out there. maybe you are the one who i’m looking for！！！                      ',0
'pax stfu moron',1
'yes it is more physical then the nfl and is very much real',1
'amen brother!!  more government....please  ​  tax us more....especially if we gain wealth by being intelligent investing, saving, starting a business, going after the "american dream". screw obama and all liberals sick socialist mentalities that make people government dependable.',1
'you\'re confusing the bs spammers claim carlin said with what he actually said. by my standards, he was a common sense liberal. he just had spammers claiming he said all kinds of crap he\'d never say.',1
'definitely one of the best on television! woohoo! looking forward to the new season!',1
'no one is asking you to protect my kid but the school better take every precaution they can for every student...if the ban is their only way to do that then so be it.  why do schools ban guns...should they be allowed if you were sure they weren\'t going to shoot your kid but could shoot another?',1
'ohhh no! every child\'s nightmare. :(  you still turned out great!! ;)',1
'no doubt. the joke material would be endless though.',1
'i heard they photoshopped the picture in front of the dude.  he actually was not taking a leak but rather having an indepth conversation about contraceptions with sandra fluke',1
'here\'s the thing that astounds me about conservative talking points. ask them who is to blame for the recession, for the national debt and who to "pinch" to fix it:  illegals  poor people   elderly   infirm    now, let\'s look at the system. who has the least amount of power? the least amount of ability to shape laws?  the least amount of political influence? illegals, poor, elderly, infirm... so you\'re telling me the people with the least amount of power are the ones who benefit the most and created all the problems?  ',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'minority rules / we\'re all expeckted to make exceptions for the one person out of  two thousand huhh / oh but thats what all laws are based on . sentence the peanut wielder to death .',1
'if you had that much going for you, you wouldn\'t need to join a website to find a date.  you probably look like the crazy broad in this story.  quit posting your crap on these comment boards.',1
'after reading the account in the denver post, i think he was right to leave the dog on the mountain when he and his friend were no longer able to carrry her down as a storm approached, but wrong to not do more to rescue her subsequently.  the article does not say that the friend was injured, just that the water was lost.   if the volunteers were able to succeed in a rescue 8 days later, then ortalani could have done the same or at least tried to.  he gave up on missy once he descended and was rebuffed by the sheriff\'s office.',1
'no, i don\'t get those emails...why would i???  i know they exist i suppose they organize with each other some way.....please explain to me how any of that even comes close to what they are doing in the mid east??  boycotts?  emails?  you\'re going to compare that to terrorism?  destruction?  murder?   are you serious???  i don\'t participate in boycotts but it goes along with our right to free speech!!!!  and yes, in america, people can complain, and they are often told to get over it because there is nothing they can do!!!  free speech!!  and no i wouldn\'t have it any other way!!!  you think we should have a special practice for muslims??  to hell with that sh!t!!!',1
'the cheddar melt wouldbe good too :)',1
'i use to love mcrib\'s religiously until i read the 70 ingredients. some tasty ones like azodicarbonamide, ammonium sulfate and polysorbate 80.  azodicarbonamide is a flour bleaching agent in the buns is commonly used in gym mats and soles of shoes. it is banned from europe and australia but it\'s good enough for us to eat. it contributes to asthma and other breathing problems. the meat is made from pork trimmings. being a retired meat hauler i can tell you pork trimmings is 95% fat with little bits of meat hanging on it. so you are eating a mcfat sandwich between two sneaker soles, lol!! if it was so popular a sandwich why don\'t they sell it year round?',1
'it actually uses up 10% of the pork on the market. it would drive pork prices thru the roof. also here in pa. many years ago they left it on the menu longer as a trial menu item and the sales collapsed after about 4 months so they decided against making it permanent.',1
'as long as i have other options, no i would not. if i were stranded with a need for survival yes, but barbecued to perfection first.',1
'here is the latest thoughtful advice i received on retirement savings.  it is likely that tax rates will increase for those individuals in the older age category over time due to the massive deficits and interest due in the future.  so, the old conventional wisdom of 401k withdrawals at retirement with a lower tax rate is being challenged.  best to keep all credit card borrowing to an absolute minimum and save what you can.  investing in things that can keep up with inflation over the long term will be a real challenge, but so will be paying off credit if rates explode.',1
'good 1 cir',1
'must read to understand!!! take a look at the following and know that there is a ton of cash to be made. google the term "slick rich cash\'\' and go to the top site. then click on their penny stock page and find out how the rich are making millions off of your back. take advantage and get your own share of the cash.',0
'to oregontoo..long story short,double standards,hypocrysy,  ​ lies,greed and racism have change my american views in our once great country..why should i conform to anyones social norms,false flags,religions or politics because society dictates i fall in line with the brainwashed sheeps and lie for my country..hate me all you want like these useless cowardly morons above..who supposedly love their country enough to hide behind their avatars to attack me yet they believe that your soldiers went overseas to [die for all our] so called freedoms of speech and expressions..yeah right...thugs rule.',1
'this is so sad',1
'my best friend just has announced her wedding with a millionaire .  they met via........  ...  ♥♥♥   wealthychat​ ♥♥♥it\'s the place where for meeting successful rich men & classy mature and beautiful women(ceos, pro athletes, doctors, lawyers, beauty queens, fitness models, and hollywood celebrities....), who are searching for their special someone. it\'s worth a try!             ',0
'breaking a fart',1
'omg!!!!! rotflmao!!!!!',1
'jojcrako, i did not realize mr. clinton was a republican, his housing ideas were a direct result of the crash of 2008. get your facts straight in regard to who caused the mess we are in, it was the democrats with their great ideas!',1
'trolls of any kind suck.....\'nuf said.',1
'envidiosos no pueden soportar que una latina tan linda los tenga comiendo mierda....',1
'old news.  where\'s the bottomless ones?',1
'what did he think?  that he was in the usa.  come to the country break the laws and then get a slap on the wrist.  you are in uganda, their former leader used to ead people.  and it wasn\'t as long ago as some of you might be thinking kiddos.',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'sue happy america.     sure, the wal-mart employee made a mistake. they are stupid.     now how can you justify $74k?     i think wal-mart would be happy to give her $200.00 back and a gift certificate for another $100.00 for her trouble. would that be a viable solution for her? or does greed rule supreme over anything?',1
'if your child has a bad allegeric reaction why wouldn\'t the parents make sure their child had an epi pen and know how to use it or school nurse teacher ,someone needs to know at the school',1
'dr. douchebag.',1
'cats are the greatest!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ​ !!!',1
'it would be hard to salvage a relationship with the nature of their profession.  being separated for weeks at a time with those images running through your head every time the other person fails to pick up the phone would be torture.  i don\'t know if i could do it, but i\'m not going to knock anyone for attempting to patch things up with someone they truly love.         that said the pictures are pretty much the only concrete evidence that we have to go on.  the only thing that could be said for a fact is that kristen made a poor choice in meeting up with this guy.  the rest of the pictures pretty much show him throwing himself at her.  maybe she was saying "i can\'t do this" and he kept on pushing.  maybe not.  she definitely messed up, but to what degree we will never know...       ',1
'from itunes.  i have an ipod and i don\'t know if anything else works on it.  does anyone know if amazon\'s downloads work with ipods?',1
'follow?',1
'exodus 13 21-22:  21 by day the lord went ahead of them in a pillar of cloud to guide them on their way and by night in a pillar of fire to give them light, so that they could travel by day or night. 22 neither the pillar of cloud by day nor the pillar of fire by night left its place in front of the people.',1
'it shows that maybe the fairy tale of obama running the media is in fact not true. it is also not fanatical, made-up garbage that faux news tries to pass on to the ignorant right as news.',1
'if grey ghost is from colorado, perhaps obama is his daddy since obama goes there at least once and sometimes twice a week.  however, i give grey ghost a partial thumbs up--i would never waste a good pee on someone like...',1
'this is obama\'s america, where you can\'t even make a joke without being crucified for it and branded a racist. this is not the kind of america i want and shouldn\'t be the kind that anybody else should want either!',1
'it should be called barbaric coreography def not a sport. mma is a sport, boxing is a sport. need i go on?',1
'my money\'s on maggie.',1
'there are a lot of ways to kill yourself in the naked city!  this is just one of them!!',1
'hi,   wal-mart is doing good it now supports over 2 millon americans with a  job, next to the federal government there is no larger employer in the united states !',1
'and this has what to do with the article at hadn? nothing. keep the pro-and con political cr*p on political topics, please.',1
'interesting ideas but not 401k\'s. that\'s just a big gamble and you don\'t want to gamble your  retirement on a 401k. if everyone paid their fare share into social secrurity and the money was never to be touched by any entity, other then retirement reason\'s, it would function just fine and we wouldn\'t have to work until your 100 years old.',1
'kids have died from choking on grapes too.  that doesn\'t mean grapes should be banned.  there needs to be a balance of interests.  i think it seems more reasonable and eminently fair to have the minority make a few more special arrangements to protect themselves rather than forcing a one-size-fits-all solution on everyone else.',1
'i\'ll bet she could kick the clown\'s ****.',1
'if that is the case then the meter maid shouldn\'t have written "expired meter" on the ticket. it\'s called "parking in exceess of time limit". nice try though.',1
'i would call you a dumb a*s but would not want to insult a dumb a*s',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'disgusting!!!',1
'"days of wine and roses" (1962) - a good alcoholism picture starring jack lemmon and lee remick. i just love remick in "anatomy of a murder" btw!    "wine and roses" surprised initially as i expected a decent amount of mawkishness and hysteria but there\'s definitely a cold realistic streak running through the film. unsurprisingly, both main performances are great. playing intoxicated from buzzed to drunk is a difficult task, or so i would imagine. i recommend.',1
'most of the garbage they call music today...artists would have to pay me to junk up my hard drive with...',1
'yes, they were on the cover of time a few months back.',1
'don\'t know what it\'s gonna be good for, but it\'s really cool to watch!',1
'dont forget how cozy he thought he was being woth the queen! i heard even the most liberal of brits thought how extroidnarily tastless, classless and uncouth they thought oboma was! if he can bow to sultans and shiat, why could he not keep his paws off her and just bow or nod like other diplomats have in the past!',1
'now you know why obama spent 6 trillion in five years......he didn\'t want to see hillary nude either.',1
'ignorant and totally lacking any class!',1
'stop making things look like rubber suits. he does not look mechanical.',1
'all good tv series should never be movies.. you need time to develop the characters, to tell the different stories that they go through.. a movie has one plot and a few characters.. a good series can have multiple main characters and multiple plots going on.. 10-12 one hour episodes per season is the bare minimum for most good series.. why ruin it by shoving it together into a single movie, or worse, stretching out one short plotline?  game of thrones could be a half dozen 3 hour films per book..',1
'finally, someone else who understands. i laugh every time i hear someone talk about buying a  $40,000 car to "save gas" because it gets a few mpg better than what they\'re driving now. i can put a lot of gas in my old beater for 40 grand.',1
'they were occupied withtheir secret sirclejerk',1
'my cats are cool, i just dont think we need them. your dad sounds like a cool guy!',1
'our grandchildren will never know.',1
'its long long past due! the law was wrong in the first place!   imo its produce and harmless & edible it should be available at any farmers market !   ( with an "id" ) for over 18 !',1
'nbc would say it was an overwhelmingly huge crowd compared to the "small crowds" that came out to torch our embassies throughout the world.',1
'a$$',1
'@smartpeople, i didn\'t quite follow your 911 post below. can you re word it so i might understand it better? thanks',1
'must be chris matthews!!!',1
'this wasn\'t a "cop" writing a ticket as his badge clearly states! however, agree that the he won\'t have to pay it either.  also, agree this guy writing the ticket needs more training or find another job!',1
'where do get a 7% return safely and with bernanke devaluing the dollar at 10% per year where do   you invest without getting robbed by wall st.',1
'but not their wives',1
'no comment.',1
'how is this even news worthy?  you have public figures saying worse things on a regular basis. a racist joke?, not even close. in poor taste? possibly but humor is subjective and not all will like the same joke, that is a given. things like this are just posted to fill in the empty space in papers and to provoke a response on either side of the fence. there are more important things to discuss than this for sure.',1
'i never thought "30 rock" was funny. nor was tina fey.liked alec baldwin in his early film career ("beetlejuice"); cannot stand him in this monstrosity.  good riddance.',1
'not facebook  it was twitter  why are you screaming  dumba$$',1
'lmao!',1
'it was not a racist joke, it was just an terrible attempt of somebody trying to be funny and he proved he also could be stupid too. this means he just be a clown but a silent one.  in ann rommey\'s  case she wouldn\'t make the back of playboy.  in michelle obama\'s case she would make the front page as a colored american exploring her family history in africa.',1
'also, there is a trend of men going to skin care salons for facials and the laser skin resurfacing treatments. that is going on in korea as well as america.',1
'and transcripts aren\'t? bush\'s transcripts were ripped apart by the media. this is hypo racy at its finest, requiring it from one president and not another. i don\'t give a sh!t whether your democrat, republican, or independent. the president is an elected official and the most powerful official on the planet....he should set a standard above all others and that means openness of public records for the voting constituent.',1
'i\'ll keep my outback.',1
'first time i ate alligator i was in my late twenties.  they told me it tasted like chicken.  i tried it and told them \'no, it tastes just like iguana\'.  cause it does.   most people lie to themselves about it, but if hungry enough they will eat each other!  they just lack the life experience to realize what they will do to survive.',1
'you are so right about the sandwich. i have a friend whose kid has the allergy to peanuts and she told me that her daughter gets a rash if she touches it, but it only becomes serious if her daughter consumes it. there\'s no "dust" from a pb&j, so they don\'t have to worry about it being airborne. so if the parents are doing a good job raising their kid, the kid already knows better than to eat anything that wasn\'t provided by them. and most kids carry their epi pen now or at least the school nurse has it.',1
'revenge of the fallen is dead and buried.',1
'obama was still the biggest blooper there!   should\'ve pissed on him like a dog! i was  the secret service i\'d look the other way too!',1
'he should have been pissing on obama\'s shoes.',1
'all truth and your negro mammy azz knows it lmfao,lmfao,lmfao..t  ​ hugs rule.',1
'i think when princess kate, and prince william want us to know, they will tell the world themselves!!!  i hope they are though!!!  what beautiful children they will have!!!!',1
'stupid, stupid man. or a really smart man. i didn\'t know the man exsisted until now. however, if you are going to someone else\'s country you need to obey their laws. you don\'t, you pay the price. guess i will see your play in a couple of years cecil.',1
'toga!!   toga!!.   ahh, the good ol\' days!   thanks for bringing back memories!',1
'no, the only logic being stated is that people should have the right to be judgds based on the facts. not your incoherent ramblings. "clowns, idiots,\' cowards." yea, great post, if youre 12. do you even know wtf you are talking about?',1
'while republicans and democrats argue over returning the old tax rate to the top earners of this country, no one ever complains about the fact that single people pay more in taxes than married people, pay for schools they will never use and then watch their married friend use the school while getting a tax break for having had kids.  next time some one complains that the waerlthy should not pay a higher rate, remind them that the poor and middle class singles of this country are educating their subsidized offspring!',1
'as a ceo, i am privileged to have a position that affords me a decent living. it is a living that i could not earn, quite frankly, if not for my coworkers who make a lot less than i do. to suggests that they pay the same percentage tax as i do does not make any sense. they need all of the money they make to get by. i don\'t.   if life were fair we\'d all earn the same amount, we\'d be born with the same aptitudes and we\'d all work the same but, of course, life isn\'t fair. thank god, it isn\'t. to me, the tax is a small price to pay for the opportunity to be a leader. call me a fool but i\'m grateful to be an american and grateful to contribute.   our tax system is not designed to conform to some personal vision of entitlement. it\'s designed to get the money it needs to function from the people who have it. that happens to be from people like me who are lucky enough to have money.',1
'what did he attack the kurds with?',0
'i\'d tell them to leave my kid\'s name alone!  and...if they tried to change it, i\'d sue the hell out of \'em!',1
'she was on a private beach, in a private home, on private property... i\'m willing to bet she couldn\'t even see the road from where she was.  i feel terrible for her...',1
'can i get it with mayo?',1
'and neither of you braniacs have one lick of proof of what you just posted, you are just showing your ignorance.',1
'why would a racist joke be an msn "editor\'s pick?"',1
'saw the video. yes, its very b-rated. the thing is that this is america people. if you dont like it, dont live here. if you dont live here, then shut up because i could care less what a foreighner thinks of an american film maker. this country was founded on freedoms...granted to us to express ourselves...too bad so sad for the people who oppose democracy.',1
'wow… my best friend kim has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~ ===♥=== rίchhookup ===♥===~ ~ 6 months ago. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'ain\'t that hungry.',1
'i am single and have enjoyed a lifetime of single and married girls, i will never get married and the price if any is well worth not having the headaches of marriage . i came and go as i please and answer to no one.  i can be at the pirate\'s inn all day and then boating with someone later in the day and i have a lot of friends to call upon for help. why am i typing all this who cares.    pirate dave',1
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'oh ! unbelievable..… my best friend  has just announced her wedding with a handsome millionaire shortly after they met on ~ ~wealthyluv ~ ~. this is a dating site where you can meet rich successful men and classy gorgeous women such as ceos, athletes, doctors, lawyers, models, celebrities, etc....maybe you can take a try.               ',0
'i\'ve never been written a legitimate ticket.  that\'s why i would never sit on a jury and listen to a cop give testamony. they are all dirty,most are only cops for free dope or to feed a childish ego.',1
'die republicans, die!',1
'hahahahahaha',1
'i don\'t think she could get the $50     ...but fire the clown?   nah..',1
'way to go cretin...by the way...your "white" education failed to inform you that their is spelled their...and there is also a real cool button directly below for this reason....titled "check spelling"...now who is the retard, hmmmm?',1
'old news. this donut burger is a few years old. way to go msn, way to get behind the ball on this one.',1
'unless you\'re an airline accountant, then you consider the $750,000 not made as "lost".',1
'hey jim. get in the back of the bus and shut up!',1
'my position on this film is-inside job.     you have an immigrant egyptian, from a heavily muslim country, who himself is an ex-convict here (why was he still here and not deported yet???), who gives himself a very american-sounding fake name (sam basile), and produces a hate-film that he personally knows would inflame his countrymen to take action against us. at 9/11, no less.     he did this on purpose and should be tried for a war crime.',0
'jennifer i do not give a damn what some fat online wildabeast says or thinks. shoo troll shoo',1
'uh oh, meter man, you got some splaining\' to doooo!!!!',1
'my position on this film is-inside job.     you have an immigrant egyptian, from a heavily muslim country, who himself is an ex-convict here (why was he still here and not deported yet???), who gives himself a very american-sounding fake name (sam basile), and produces a hate-film that he personally knows would inflame his countrymen to take action against us. at 9/11, no less.     he did this on purpose and should be tried for a war crime.',0
'you\'re not the same wendy who left brian wilson alone are you?  if so, shame on you, \'makin it with that other guy\' and so forth.  he thought you guys had a love down pat.!',1
'to all of you whining that people need to be more sympathetic: why?  my sister has a serious milk allergy.  nobody ever thought of banning milk in school-ever.  when she was little she had to take her lunch everyday and was taught not to share her food or take anyone else\'s.  i got to buy my lunch occasionally and she just understood the rules were different for her.  of course, my mom made sure the school and her friends parents knew about her allergy, but she never told them not to serve something.  my mom also bought milk and kept it in the fridge with everything else-my sister just knew not to touch it.  there was never a problem.  she is still allergic to milk, but her son is not and his favorite snack is peanut butter on apples with a big glass of milk!',1
'get off your daughter, blkusguy wants a turn. next the nba all-star team.',1
'wellll- not many of them ever make it into mainstream media.',1
'sure, and they should publish prince william\'s topless photos as well.',1
'hard to answer with out all the information. i know if it were my dog he would have been carried out no matter what. but it is difficult to know exactly what the reason was why he was abandoned.',1
'no.',1
'great point!',1
'september 11th was ten years ago. is it too soon to tell jokes about burning bodies falling from buildings? i say yes. i also think it\'s a sign of abject stupidity and inhumanity to belittle the "sensitivities" of people who are still perceived as subhuman and always one inch away from being the targets of ignorant people who long for the return to times when they can publically and legally oppress, arrest, detain, harrass, enslave, exploit and discriminate against those whom they\'ve been taught that they are superior to.  you ignorant confederates had better quit.  the "deemed" and "tyrone" types actually think they\'re impressing people with that made up "black people were responsible for enslaving black people, not white people" baloney.  i wonder if you phukkers are squinting at your computer screens, diligently and purposefully typing out that ridiculous crap, totally convinced that you\'re making some cogent, poignant points, lol. ',1
'mcdonald\'s isn\'t throwing a hail mary - it\'s a hail mcmary. get it right.',1
'joe biden at the biker bar last week with a chick sitting on his lap...lmao',1
'tyrone...stfu.',1
'clover if you were awarded the $74,900 would you say "i don\'t want to be greedy. i\'m afraid that\'s too much"  i doubt it',1
'good.  i hope they worked it out.',1
'peanuts were banned on planes because of allergic reactions, reactions range all the way up to death, breathing the air or touching a surface where peanuts or peanut products have came in contact with can cause the reaction....this is a matter of life and death.',1
'andrew dice clay does as well.        the point is, don\'t do it in such a blatant way is just wrong.',1
'i noticed that too.  it seems the author mistyped what should have been 23 every second.',0
'would you be saying that if the joke were reversed? or is progression for you only a one way sreet?',1
'yes, of course, but dont leave out the finest triumph of all ideologies,  compassionate conservatism, in which you fly a helo over any  afflicted populations, shake your head sadly and fly off to a   marvelous steak dinner at the waldorf with your rich friends, wishing  you could have done more...',1
'i don\'t have to see a picture of you to know that this is a case of the pot calling the kettle black. bwaaa haaahaaa. get it? pot calling the kettle "black"!',1
'april 27, 2011 ef5 tornado that was 1/2 mile wide and stayed on the ground for approx 130 miles in alabama.',1
'or they inputted the wrong plate number from a legitimate violation and mistakenly sent your mother the ticket... which you apparently easily remedied.  occam\'s razor people, no need for the conspiracy theories.',1
'jesus patti, take a frickin pill or something!!!!!',1
